ROOT: https://affordable-solar.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:47:22.175952Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/

The Best Solar Installation
Company in New Mexico
Powering Albuquerque with Solar Panel Installations for Homes & Businesses since 1998!
Solar Panel Installation in Albuquerque
Is switching over to solar power the right move for you? Speak to one of the team members at Affordable Solar, and we’ll discuss the pros and cons with you. As the top solar panel installation company in Albuquerque for businesses and homes, you can rely on us to give you the right advice.
We opened our doors in 1998 and quickly built a sterling reputation. It’s easy to wow clients when your business model centers on:
● Uncompromising Integrity
● Outstanding Teamwork
● Exceptional Customer Service
Our team provides every customer with the attention to detail that they deserve. We custom design our solar systems to ensure that they exceed your expectations.
It’s a win-win for everyone:
1. You save money on a reliable, durable alternative electricity solution and reduce your carbon footprint.
2. We win because you’re happy to refer more clients to us.
3. The state wins because it’s closer to achieving its 2030 clean energy targets.
Affordable Solar Is Your Reliable Solar Panel Installer For Homes in Albuquerque
Our fully licensed, insured, and experienced team makes us the preferred solar company in New Mexico. As part of our commitment to customer service, we partner with the best manufacturers in the business.
Each of our suppliers is as committed to their clients as we are. As a result, they allow us to negotiate exceptional bulk-buying deals. We pass these savings on to you, so you receive the best value, products, and service.
We bring it all together by providing our team with the best tools to do the job. These include up- to-date training sessions and a reliable support structure. You deserve the best, so we make it easy for our solar panel installation team in Albuquerque to deliver nothing less.
Our customer team will walk you through each stage of the process. We make your life simpler by:
● Providing an accurate quote upfront.
● Designing your residential solar system from scratch so that it operates flawlessly.
● Putting you in touch with an affordable financing company.
● Sending in our expert teams to install your new system.
● Providing a helpful app that allows you to track your consumption and savings.
Would you like to know more? Call our team in Albuquerque for a cost estimate on solar panel installation, or check our customer reviews and see what our clients appreciate about us.
See how much you can save.
It only takes 2 minutes
Trusted. Reliable. Local.
Our business model is built on a commitment to complement every solar system with our dedication to teamwork, integrity, and outstanding customer service.
Solar Installation in Albuquerque
Is switching over to solar power the right move for you? Speak to one of the team members at Affordable Solar, and we’ll discuss the pros and cons with you. As the top solar panel installation company in Albuquerque for businesses and homes, you can rely on us to give you the right advice.
We opened our doors in 1998 and quickly built a sterling reputation. It’s easy to wow clients when your business model centers on:
● Uncompromising Integrity
● Outstanding Teamwork
● Exceptional Customer Service
Our team provides every customer with the attention to detail that they deserve. We custom design our solar systems to ensure that they exceed your expectations.
It’s a win-win for everyone:
1. You save money on a reliable, durable alternative electricity solution and reduce your carbon footprint.
2. We win because you’re happy to refer more clients to us.
3. The state wins because it’s closer to achieving its 2030 clean energy targets.
Affordable Solar Is Your Reliable Solar Panel Installer For Homes in Albuquerque
Our fully licensed, insured, and experienced team makes us the preferred solar company in New Mexico. As part of our commitment to customer service, we partner with the best manufacturers in the business.
Each of our suppliers is as committed to their clients as we are. As a result, they allow us to negotiate exceptional bulk-buying deals. We pass these savings on to you, so you receive the best value, products, and service.
We bring it all together by providing our team with the best tools to do the job. These include up- to-date training sessions and a reliable support structure. You deserve the best, so we make it easy for our solar panel installation team in Albuquerque to deliver nothing less.
Our customer team will walk you through each stage of the process. We make your life simpler by:
● Providing an accurate quote upfront.
● Designing your residential solar system from scratch so that it operates flawlessly.
● Putting you in touch with an affordable financing company.
● Sending in our expert teams to install your new system.
● Providing a helpful app that allows you to track your consumption and savings.
Would you like to know more? Call our team in Albuquerque for a cost estimate on solar panel installation, or check our customer reviews below and see what our clients appreciate about us.
Trusted. Reliable. Local.
Our business model is built on a commitment to complement every solar system with our dedication to teamwork, integrity, and outstanding customer service.
Affordable Solar works with you to provide a customizable solution for your residential solar needs.
Commercial | Industrial | Community
Residential
Solar
Commercial
Solar
Industrial
Solar
Community
Solar
What People say about us
The #1 favorite thing about having solar is that we are helping the environment using renewable energy. The other #1 favorite thing about solar is not having to worry about heating or cooling cost at all. We pay $0.
Celeste Parrish
I love using the mobile app to track how much energy we are producing…and how much money we are saving!
Brian Cochran
Probably the smartest thing we did [last year] was have Affordable Solar install at our home! They were terrific! Dependable, fair, and friendly. They did exactly as promised. The installation is beautiful (yes, I went up in the roof to look). They obviously take pride in their work. It is so fun to get my PNM bill now and basically owe nothing.
Mary R. Lynn
Easy. Affordable.
Solar for your home or business.
Find out how much you can save with solar!
$0 down
8 weeks
Easy process
Fast Install
All you need is your address and electricity bill to find out if you’re a good candidate to go solar. Call us now! (505) 944-4220
Start saving within 8 weeks with $0 out of pocket.
Our team provides a seamless process from $0 down loans through permitting and quick installation. Find out how easy it is to go solar.
Easy electricity bill freedom.
In a few short weeks, you can eliminate your home’s electricity bill for 25 years or more. A simple way to give your family financial freedom.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/community-solar/portfolio/

Our Community-Scale Projects Community Portfolio Call (505) 944-4220 Contact Us Now Amazon Patterson Fulfillment Center Project Details CNM Electric Cooperative Project Details Columbus Electric Cooperative Project Details City of Truth or Consequences, NM Project Details Silver City Waste Water Treatment Plant Project Details CNM Community College Project Details It’s easy to enjoy life without an electricity bill. Get solar sooner than you think! CALL: 505-944-4220

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/community-solar/portfolio/cnm-community-college/

Affordable Solar worked with Central New Mexico Community College to design and install a solar-plus-energy- storage system that reduced the campus’ grid energy costs and also substantially reduced their peak demand charges. This project serves a dual purpose to be a state-of-the-art training lab for CNM students in the Electrical Trades Photovoltaic program. One section of the array is designed to be taken apart for the training lab.
The project is the largest energy storage system connected in PNM’s service area.
The overall project consists of 1.3 MW DC of solar on single axis trackers plus a 555 kw / 1110 kWh battery energy storage system consisting of 5 Tesla Powerpack units. The Tesla system, in real time, simultaneously monitors the solar system output and the campus demand in order to determine when to discharge the battery bank and when to charge the batteries.
The solar system is interconnected to PNM’s electric utility grid and generates nearly 3,000,000 kilowatt-hours of clean electricity annually which offsets ~50% of the electricity used by CNM’s West Side Campus.
Project Installed: 2020

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/community-solar/portfolio/silver-city-waste-water-treatment-plant/

Affordable Solar began construction on January 22, 2013 for the Large Scale Solar Photovoltaic (PV) Project at the Silver City Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP). Affordable Solar is the designer, builder, owner and operations and maintenance provider of the WWTP solar system. Through a “Power Purchase Agreement” (PPA), the Town is expected to save an estimated 3-4 million dollars over the next 20 years on electrical costs based on the energy that will be provided by the solar array. The municipality’s sole responsibility is to purchase the electricity from Affordable Solar with no price escalation for the 20 year contract period.
Ryan Centerwall, General Manager at Affordable Solar, states “We feel comfortable going into this PPA knowing these systems are quite reliable. Being in the solar industry, we feel it is important to show our commitment to the business by making long-term investments in solar assets. We are happy to be able to deliver a 20 year fixed price to the town that is well below their current utility rate. It’s a good deal for both Silver City and Affordable Solar”.
• Six acre site adjacent to the wastewater treatment plant
• Utilizing 3960 photovoltaic panels
• Offset approximately 80% of the treatment plant’s electrical costs.
• System is just over 1 Megawatt DC
• Enough to power about 175 average residential homes

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/community-solar/portfolio/city-of-truth-or-consequences-nm/

Affordable Solar was selected by the City of Truth or Consequences to provide a 25-year PP A for the City’s municipal electric utility system. Affordable Solar worked closely with the municipal utility to finalize a system design and approach that would enable the City to offset roughly 15% of it’s annual wholesale electric consumption from traditional utility providers.
The entire project development cycle, from issuance of the City’s RFP itself, to the completed construction and operation of the project, was approximately 13 months, with project completion in February 2015. This is a testament to Affordable Solar’s expertise in developing and constructing solar projects in a cost-effective and efficient manner. Our firm’s core group of solar professionals and nimble business model allows for swift decision- making and decisive execution.
The City of Truth or Consequences 1.5MWac PV Generation Facility is comprised of 6,156x 305w poly-crystalline PV modules, series connected in strings of nineteen (19) modules for a total of 1,877.58kW DC of solar capacity. The array uses Array Technologies Dura-Track HZ single-axis trackers.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/community-solar/portfolio/columbus-electric-cooperative/

The project for the site is a 2,321 kWDC / 1,850 kWAC PV Generation Facility, comprised of (7,144) 72-Cell, 325W crystalline PV modules, series connected in strings of nineteen (19) modules. The array is mounted to an Array Technologies Dura-Track HZ single-axis tracking system, configured in rows of 76-modules each from North-South. Rows of modules are mechanically affixed to the tracking system, supported atop directly driven pilings. Module DC strings are extended to the center of each row, before transitioning to underground conduit and routed along the center-line of the tracker assembly of to distributed, fused, disconnecting, DC Combiners. Combiners are mounted accessibly along the center-line of the tracker , and distributed uniformly for ease of operations and maintenance. Each DC Combiner’s output is routed back to the centralized Inverter, utilizing a shared underground trench, for ease of installation and minimizing of DC cable losses.
The central Inverter’s AC output is extended through an enclosed busway to the dedicated step-up transformer’s secondary bushings. The primary output of the transformer is routed underground to a poured-in-place equipment pad, where the circuit then extends through system owner and utility required production metering enclosures before being connected to a utility accessible Customer Generation Disconnect. This disconnect is located adjacent to the interconnecting utility’s distribution system, where the interconnection feeder is coupled via an overhead service feeder tap.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/community-solar/portfolio/cnm-electric-cooperative/

The project for the site is a 2,601 kWDC / 2,000 kWAC PV Generation Facility comprising (8,004) 72-Cell, 325W crystalline PV modules, series connected in strings of twenty-nine (29) modules. The array is mounted to an Array Technologies Dura-Track HZ single-axis tracking system, configured in rows of 87-modules each from North-South. Rows of modules are mechanically affixed to the tracking system, supported atop directly driven pilings. Module DC strings are extended to the center of each row, before transitioning to underground conduit and routed along the center-line of the tracker assembly of to distributed, fused, disconnecting, DC Combiners. Combiners are mounted along the center-line of the tracker, and distributed uniformly for ease of operations and maintenance.
Each DC Combiner’s output is routed back to the centralized Inverter, utilizing a shared underground trench, for ease of installation and minimizing of DC cable losses. The central Inverter’s AC output is extended through an enclosed busway to the dedicated step-up transformer’s secondary bushings. The primary output of the transformer is routed underground to a poured-in-place equipment pad, where the circuit then extends through system owner and utility required production metering enclosures before being connected to a utility accessible Customer Generation Disconnect. This disconnect is located adjacent to the interconnecting utility’s distribution system, where the interconnection feeder is coupled via an overhead service feeder tap.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/utility-industrial/portfolio/

Our Industrial Work Industrial Portfolio Call (505) 944-4220 Contact Us Now Kroger Company Distribution Center Project Details Albuquerque Bernalillo County Water Authority Project Details Fry’s Marketplace Store Project Details PNM Project Details Facebook Data Center Project Details Walmart Supercenter Project Details Escuela del Sol Montessori Project Details ABQ Bernalillo County Water Utility Authority Project Details It’s easy to enjoy life without an electricity bill. Get solar sooner than you think! CALL: 505-944-4220

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/light-commercial/portfolio/

Our Commercial Work Commercial Portfolio Call (505) 944-4220 Contact Us Now Unser Racing Museum Project Details Roadrunner Food Bank Project Details Tempur-Pedic Project Details Farm Credit- Albuquerque Project Details Smith’s Market Project Details Manzano Day School Project Details Vitality Works Project Details Wagner Caterpillar Project Details Rio Vista Apartments Project Details Reduce Your Carbon Footprint. Get solar sooner than you think. CALL: 505-944-4220

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/residential/portfolio/

Our Residential Work Residential Portfolio Call (505) 944-4220 Contact Us Now The Rael Family Project Details The Parrish Family Project Details The Goodner Family Project Details The Acosta Family Project Details The Cochran Family Project Details The Cok Family Project Details It’s easy to enjoy life without an electricity bill. Get solar sooner than you think! CALL: 505-944-4220

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/about-us/solar-glossary/

Solar Glossary
Solar Terminology & Laws: What To Know About Solar Energy
Solar Energy
Solar energy is electromagnetic energy transmitted from the sun. Solar energy is measured is kilowatt hours (kWh) or megawatt hours (MWh).
Renewable Energy
A renewal energy resource is an energy resource that is regenerative or virtually inexhaustible. Typical examples are solar, wind, geothermal, and water. Renewable energy reduces our carbon footprint, reducing our reliance on fossil fuels.
kWh and MWh
kWh and MWh are measurements of energy production and usage. kWh stands for kilowatt hour. MWh stands for megawatt hour.
Alternating Current (AC)
Alternating current is a type of electrical current, the direction of which is reversed at regular intervals or cycles. In the United States, the standard is 120 reversals or 60 cycles per second. Electricity transmission networks use AC because voltage can be controlled with relative ease. This is the type of current used by homes and buildings.
Photovoltaic (PV)
The process by which sunlight is converted into energy. The sun emits photons (light), which generates electricity when they strike a photovoltaic cell. A photovoltaic module is another term for a solar panel.
Direct Current (DC)
Direct current is a type of electricity transmission and distribution by which electricity flows in one direction through the conductor, usually relatively low voltage and high current. This is the type of current created by your solar panels. To be used for homes, DC must be converted to alternating current (AC) using an inverter.
Carbon Footprint
Our carbon footprint is the amount of carbon emissions (pollutants) we generate through our use of fossil fuels. Using solar power or other renewable energy reduces our carbon footprint.
Solar Laws
and Processes
Commissioning
Solar commissioning (or PV system commissioning) is a safety process initiated by your utility to test and turn on your solar array. Once the solar array is commissioned, it will then generate solar energy.
Interconnection Application
An application submitted to your utility, requesting permission to add a grid-tied distributed generation system to their infrastructure. Essentially, the application tells the utility that a consumer on their grid is planning on not only consuming energy, but also supplying energy. This application allows the utility to determine the impact this energy generation will have on the grid infrastructure.
Net Metering
Net metering is the practice of allowing surplus solar power generated by a home or business to send that electricity back to the power grid. Net metering allows solar customers to only pay for the “net” energy used from the grid during a given time period. When excess power is being sent back to the utility grid, a customer’s meter may slow down or even spin backwards.
HOA
A Home Owners Association (HOA) is an organization of homeowners of a particular subdivision, condominium or planned unit development. The HOA typically is a governing body for the community and has authority over modifications made to a property within its community.
Solar Rights Act
The Solar Rights Act, enacted in New Mexico in 1978 and amended in 2007, bars restrictions by home owners’ associations (HOAs) on the installation of solar-energy systems. These entities can impose reasonable restrictions on a solar energy system that do not significantly increase the cost of the system or significantly decrease its efficiency or specified performance.
JHA — A Jurisdiction Having Authority (JHA)
Refers to the territorial jurisdiction in which a home resides. The jurisdiction (city, township or county), is responsible for overseeing adherence to laws, standards and codes within its scope of authority.
Solar Permitting
Permitting is required for large scale construction projects on existing structures for most jurisdictions having authority (JHAs). The permitting process allows jurisdictions to ensure that these types of projects are being conducted by those with the appropriate training and licenses, and that those projects will not negatively affect a structure or community in an unanticipated manner.
Solar Equipment
Solar Array
A solar array is an interconnected system of photovoltaic modules (solar panels) that function as a single electricity-producing unit. These modules are assembled as a single structure, with common support or mounting. Solar arrays may be installed on building roofs, open land or over parking structures/carports.
Solar Panel
A solar panel (often used interchangeably with PV module) is a panel designed to absorb the sun’s rays as a source of energy for generating electricity or heating.
Solar Cell
A solar cell is the smallest semiconductor element within a PV module to convert light into electrical energy. Solar panels are made up of multiple solar cells.
Monocrystalline panels
Monocrystalline solar panels are generally thought of as a premium solar product. The main advantages of monocrystalline panels are higher efficiencies than polycrystalline panels and sleeker aesthetics. To make solar cells for monocrystalline solar panels, silicon is formed into bars and cut into wafers. These types of panels are called “monocrystalline” to indicate that the silicon used is single-crystal silicon. Because the cell is composed of a single crystal, the electrons that generate a flow of electricity have more room to move. As a result, monocrystalline panels are more efficient than their polycrystalline counterparts.
Polycrystalline panels
Polycrystalline solar panels are made by melting multiple silicon fragments together to form the wafers for the panel. Polycrystalline solar panels are also referred to as “multi-crystalline,” or many-crystal silicon. Because there are many crystals in each cell, there is less freedom for the electrons to move. As a result, polycrystalline solar panels have lower efficiency ratings than monocrystalline panels.
Balance of System
“Balance of system” is a solar term used to describe all components of a solar electrical system other than the solar modules, mounting structure, and inverter. This includes the AC and DC breakers, fuses and other electrical safety components of a utility or grid tied solar electric system.
Racking
Photovoltaic mounting systems (also called solar module racking) are used to fix solar panels on surfaces like roofs, building facades, or the ground.
Inverter
An Inverter is a device that converts direct current (DC) electricity to alternating current (AC) electricity. This converts power from solar panels into power that a home, business or electricity grid can use.
Microinverter
A microinverter is an inverter attached individually to each panel in the solar array. Microinverters allow a solar array to be more shade tolerant, produce more power and provide access to panel level monitoring.
String Inverter
A string inverter is an inverter typically mounted on the roof or side of a structure. Multiple solar panels are interconnected via “strings” which then tie into the string inverter to convert the solar energy to AC energy.
Monitoring
Monitoring is a system by which solar production data is passed from the solar array to a cloud-based app. Customers can use their secure login to view real time and historical solar production for their solar system.
Grid-Tie System (GTS)
A Grid-Tie System (or Grid-Connected System) is a solar electric or photovoltaic (PV) system in which the solar array supplies power to the community electrical grid.
Electrical Panel
An electrical panel (also known as a breaker panel) is a distribution board component of an electricity supply system. The electrical panel divides an electrical power feed into subsidiary circuits, while providing a protective fuse or circuit breaker for each circuit in a common enclosure.
Electrical Grid
An electrical grid is an integrated system of electricity distribution, usually covering a large area such as a city or county. Homes and businesses may export excess solar power to the electrical grid during the day and then pull power back again at night as needed.
Agreements, Warranties
and Guarantees
Installation Agreement
Also known as a contract, an installation agreement is a legally binding document that outlines services to be provided or work to be performed by the contractor in exchange for a specific cost to the client.
Power Purchase Agreement (PPA)
A solar power purchase agreement (PPA) is a financial agreement where a developer arranges for the design, permitting, financing and installation of a solar energy system on a customer’s property at little to no cost. The developer sells the power generated to the host customer at a contracted rate. PPAs typically range from 10 to 25 years and all incentives are for the benefit of the developer. Affordable Solar does not currently offer power purchase agreement programs.
Solar Panel Production Warranty
Production warranty for a solar panel is a warranted level of power that a solar panel will produce at standard conditions for each year extending into the future.
Performance Guarantee
A contractual agreement between the client and solar company that guarantees the system will produce a specific amount of solar energy that is determined prior to installation.
Product Warranty
Most solar components comes with a product warranty. These warranties have varying lengths and require different steps from end-users and contractors in order to make use of the warranties.
Solar Lease
A solar lease, while similar to a PPA, is different in that the customer pays to “rent” the solar system at a fixed monthly rate. This payment is calculated using the estimated amount of electricity the system will produce in exchange for the right to use the solar energy system. Affordable Solar does not currently offer solar lease programs.
It’s easy to enjoy life without an electricity bill.
Get solar sooner than you think!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/about-us/press-awards/

Press & Awards
In The Press
Affordable Solar Named 2019 “Best Place to Work” Finalist
Affordable Solar was selected to be an Albuquerque Business First “Best Place to Work” finalist for 2019. We’re honored to awarded this title and it just goes to show how dedicated we are to our employees. It takes hard work to make people happy and the results of this survey show we work hard at keeping our employees happy. Our employees play a crucial role in us being the premiere Albuquerque-area solar installation company, serving all kinds of customers from public utilities to consumers. Click here to read more about the award finalists on the Albuquerque Business First website.
Want to learn more about our company? Visit our about us page to learn about where we came from and what makes us special. Ready to start a career with us? Check our careers page to see any current openings we have. Looking for solar installer services for your Albuquerque-area home or business? Fill out our quick start form on the right of this page or give us a call today at (505) 944-4220.
Affordable Solar, NM’s largest solar company, plans to hire dozens of workers
Affordable Solar’s COO, Teresa Johansen, recently spoke with Albuquerque Business First about our company’s hiring plans over the next year. Read more here.
Solar Installation Among Fastest Growing Jobs in NM
Our CEO Ryan talked to Albuquerque Business First about the growth of solar installation as a career opportunity in New Mexico, and what he thinks the next 10 years look like for the industry. https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/news/2018/11/20/these-are-the-fastest-growing-jobs-in-new-mexico.html
Best Places to Work Award: 2018
We’re proud to announce that we were awarded the Best Places to Work Award in 2018! Our employees are our most important asset and we’re honored to have a spot on this list again. https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/subscriber-only/2018/08/24/new-mexicos-best-places-to-work-large.html
Growing New Mexico with Renewable Energy
The recent Energy Outlook forum included our CEO, Ryan Centerwall, as a panelist. During the panel he spoke about the opportunities to grow New Mexico’s economy with renewable energy and renewable energy jobs. https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/news/2017/11/09/3-takeaways-from-our-energy-outlook.html
Affordable Solar Listed as Top 100 Company
Affordable Solar was listed as one of New Mexico’s top privately owned companies in 2017. https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/subscriber-only/2018/06/15/top-100-new-mexico-private-companies.html
Affordable Solar Hiring Spree
Affordable Solar was rewarded the first phase of the new Facebook data center’s renewable project. In order to execute this contract, we are hiring at least 54 permanent positions and another 120 temporary workers. Find out more about the jobs we have available here: https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/news/2017/05/12/affordable-solar-is-on-a-hiring-spree-for-the.html
Affordable Solar wins “Deal of the Week”
Affordable Solar was awarded the contract to build three solar farms for the new Facebook Data Center scheduled to be constructed in Los Lunas, NM. We held a press conference with Governor Martinez to talk more about the project and what it means for New Mexico’s economy. https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/news/2017/02/03/deal-of-the-week-abq-firm-basks-in-the-sunlight.html
Inc.com – 2016 Top 5,000 Fastest Growing Company Rankings
The 2016 Inc. 5000 are the superheroes of the U.S. economy. America’s fastest-growing private companies wield powers like strategy, service, and innovation. At Affordable Solar’s growth continues, we are thrilled to be recognized among the fastest growing company rankings.
Affordable Featured on City of Deming Home Page
The City of Deming website featured a piece on the solar projects Affordable completed for the Bilbo Well and Booster Stations. Checkout the original by following the link above, or you can read our blog post on the Deming solar project here.
Impact of Tariffs on Solar
Overall solar employment has dropped off in New Mexico has been affected by global tariffs. Our CEO, Ryan Centerwall, spoke with the Albuquerque Journal about the impact of tariffs on Affordable Solar. Read more here.
Ryan Centerwall Joins WESST Board
Our CEO, Ryan Centerwall, joined the board of an organization Affordable Solar has been a longtime supporter of. https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/news/2019/01/24/well-known-local-leaders-join-wesst-board-for-2019.html
Kevin Bassalleck Added to National List of Influential Young Executives
Our president, Kevin Bassalleck, was selected with one other New Mexican for the Business Journal’s Influencers: Rising Starts list. 100 people across the country are spotlighted for having an impressive impact on their companies and communities early in their careers. https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/news/2018/10/20/charles-ashley-kevin-bassalleck-rising-stars.html
Kevin Bassalleck Included in “40 Under 40”
Affordable Solar’s president, Kevin Bassalleck, was included in this year’s 40 Under 40 awards by Albuquerque Business First. Kevin talks about his hobbies, successes and failures in this spotlight: https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/news/2018/03/28/this-40-under-forty-president-is-an-avid-surfer.html
Energy Jobs in New Mexico
Ryan Centerwall, CEO, was a panelist at yesterday’s Energy Outlook Forum. He discussed what the future of energy jobs looks like in New Mexico with Ron Darnell, PNM’s Senior Vice President, Clair Chase, Mack Energy Corp’s Director of Government Affairs and Luis Reyes, Kit Carson Electric Cooperative’s CEO. https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/news/2017/10/24/what-does-the-future-hold-for-nm-energy-jobs-join.html
New Mexico Struggling to Fill Jobs
Kevin Bassalleck, President of Affordable Solar, recently spoke with Albuquerque Business First about the challenges our company is having filling a large number of open job positions. https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/news/2017/05/30/new-mexico-struggling-to-fill-jobs-according-to.html
Breaking Ground on Facebook’s Solar Farm
Kevin Bassalleck spoke with Albuquerque Business First about our plans to break ground on the first of three solar farms to be installed for the new Facebook Data Center in Los Lunas, NM. https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/news/2017/03/29/when-affordable-solar-plans-to-break-ground-on.html
Affordable Solar and Array Technologies add 24 MW in New Mexico
Affordable Solar has partnered with Array Technologies to bring clean solar energy to thousands of New Mexicans in the Albuquerque and Santa Fe areas.
The Santa Fe Solar Energy Center and Santolina Solar Energy Center, roughly 12 MW each, haven recently been completed near Santa Fe and Albuquerque. The projects’ 78,000+ solar modules mounted on ATI’s single-axis trackers will provide reliable power to the Public Service Company of New Mexico (PNM).
Click to read the full article
Solar Comes Knocking: Array of Affordable Options is Growing
Amid growing competition among solar installation companies, potential customers can learn about the benefits of solar energy, empowering homeowners with a completely newfound ability to dump their electric utility in favor of moderate monthly solar bills that can often save money from the start while racking-up thousands of dollars in accumulated savings over the years.
Given the lengthy, 25-year commitments and warranties generally connected with either leasing or buying a solar system, consumers need to make sure from the start that the contract they sign is the right one for them.
“These agreements are based on many assumptions, and to get a return on investment, those assumptions have to hold true for 25 years, not just the first few years,” said Affordable’s general manager, Trishelle Kirk. “That means looking at a few key components of systems before committing, as well as the company doing the installation, to make sure it will produce the electricity offered.”
Click to read this article from the ABQ Journal
Best Places to Work Awards: 2016
At Affordable Solar we have free yoga on Tuesdays and snack time once a week! Find out what else helped our employees rate us as one of the Best Places to Work! https://www.bizjournals.com/albuquerque/news/2016/11/09/best-places-to-work-finalists-this-solar-company.html
It’s easy to enjoy life without an electricity bill.
Get solar sooner than you think!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/about-us/our-team/

View Our Team by Department
Leadership Team
Ryan Centerwall
CEO
Passionate believer in the power of solar. With a background in finance and biochemistry and the drive to make a difference, Ryan built Affordable Solar’s installation business and continues to create change by saving New Mexicans money with clean energy.
Mariam Bruce
CFO
Mariam was born and raised in Albuquerque and has travelled extensively, but can’t stay away from this beautiful state. She has a BA from Boston University and an MBA from UNM and enjoys pairing her accounting background with the fast pace of Affordable Solar and the continuously changing solar industry.
Wayne Stansfield
General Manager
5A former business owner in publishing serving over 500,000 customers, Wayne made the jump to solar in 2014. Wayne develops large commercial and utility scale projects, whether it’s a MW+ project, innovative Solar + Storage, or developing solutions to make entire communities more sustainable.
Office Administration
Stephanie Barnes
Corporate Recruiter
An Air Force brat who decided to settle down in the Land of Enchantment after finishing college. Stephanie has a passion for clean energy and recruiting, and she loves helping people find their career path. When she’s not at work, you can find her at the gym lifting weights or doing flips at the swimming pool!
Angela Valdez
Human Resources Generalist
Human Resources professional with 15 years’ experience in the renewables and environment industry. A key contributor in relationship management and communication.
“When people go to work they shouldn’t have to leave their hearts at home.” – Betty Bender
We support work life balance and understand family comes first.
Residential
Neil Wenderoth
Sales Manager
My career in the solar industry started in 2011 working at Affordable Solar Distribution, which formulated my passion for renewable energy. I have been doing solar ever since and love helping homeowners make the switch from more expensive ‘dirty’ power to more affordable clean electricity!
Mike Putnam
Residential Consultant
As a former PGA TOUR Golf Professional and Golf Operations Manager in Albuquerque and Santa Fe, our solar consultant Mike Putnam has enjoyed our NM sun for his entire career.
Since entering the world of solar in 2009, Mike has served on a variety of solar projects and looks forward to continuing to helping local residents & companies maximize their sustainable impact.
Raymond Caldwell
Residential Consultant
Raymond began his journey in the renewable energy field two years ago. Working as a solar consultant for Affordable Solar has been his most rewarding career path. He loves waking up every day knowing he will help reduce New Mexicans’ carbon footprint.
Chris Giron
Residential Consultant
Chris’s career in the solar industry started in 2019 when he began working for a national company. He has been doing solar ever since and loves helping homeowners make a difference in the world and their children’s future. This passion for renewable energy was formulated by his belief that solar is not anything new, it is simply a better and cleaner way to own your electricity.
Commercial, Tribal, and Community Solar
Dylan Connelly
Director of Commercial and Community Solar
Dylan is a Professional Engineer (PE) with over a dozen years of consulting experience in the fields of architecture, engineering, and solar design. He has degrees in Civil and Architectural Engineering from the University of Miami. He has been a solar project developer for Affordable Solar since early 2018 and he uses his diverse expertise to provide his customer’s with a comprehensive perspective in order to meet their energy saving goals.
Project & Design
Derek Fannin
Operations Manager
An Albuquerque native, Derek got his start with Affordable Solar in the warehouse packing boxes in 2010. This evolved into an Account Manager role where he began to learn the sales and turnkey installation business. After spending 4 years in the California residential market Derek rejoined forces with Affordable Solar in January of 2021 to lead the Residential and Small Commercial teams.
Affordable Solar
Project & Design Team
The Affordable Solar Project and Design team provides an easy and seamless solar installation for your home. We take care of overseeing the installation and executing your project in a timely manner. With over 35 Years experience, you can be assured that we have designed a solar system that will provide you with the energy needed to supply your home’s needs.
Residential
Solar
Commercial
Solar
Industrial
Solar
Community
Solar
It’s easy to enjoy life without an electricity bill.
Get solar sooner than you think!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/about-us/

The Story
Having started in an Airstream trailer in 1998, Affordable Solar’s roots trace back to a passion for renewable energy, a strong commitment to community, and having fun. With many hundreds of megawatts of solar and energy storage projects underway and 150+ employees, Affordable Solar has outgrown the Airstream but remains committed to the principles on which the company was founded. And we’re making the world a better place. One solar installation at a time.
The Progress
Affordable Solar has installed over 3,000 solar arrays in New Mexico and supplied more than 20,000 systems to commercial, industrial, scientific, community and residential customers in 96 countries. Our business model is built on a commitment to complement every solar system with our dedication to teamwork, integrity and outstanding customer service. Because we love our work and we want you to love it too.
We are Trusted, Reliable, and Local.
That is our guarantee.
25 years
As the leading solar company in New Mexico

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/refer-a-friend/

You can earn $250 for each referral who buys a solar array. You don’t even need to be an Affordable Solar customer to submit a referral!
The process is easy. Just fill out the form below with your information and your friend’s information, and we will take it from there. If we end up selling your friend a solar system, we’ll give you $250 referral cash.
It’s easy to enjoy life without an electricity bill.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/coverage-areas/

Coverage Areas
Powering New Mexico with Solar Installations since 1998.
Albuquerque
Headquartered in Albuquerque, our company offices are located at 3900 Singer Blvd NE Albuquerque, NM 87109. We’ve installed more than 1,600 solar arrays in Albuquerque alone. We serve homeowners and business owners alike with secure warranties and fantastic customer service. We invite you to visit our showroom, meet our team and learn more about what solar can do for you! Fair warning: we are also likely to wave when we run into you in the grocery store or at the gym.
Corrales
We are proud to have installed solar on more than 90 homes in the Village of Corrales. Corrales holds a special place in our heart. The combination of being able to spot horses from nearly every rooftop, the beautiful trees and the amazing residents make Village of Corrales one of our favorite places to work.
East Mountains
Not only have we put solar on 150 homes in the East Mountains, it’s where a lot of our installation team members live! We understand the unique challenges of working in the mountains with custom homes, true seasons and those steep driveways. We do love that clean air and the incredible views though and would love to see how we can help you save with solar.
Los Lunas
Los Lunas is home to more than 110 of our solar installations, not to mention the Facebook Data Center. In 2017, we were awarded the solar contract for the first three phases of Facebook’s renewable projects in NM. We built the first of those solar farms in Los Lunas, it consists of over 38,000 solar panels. Los Lunas has been growing rapidly and we are excited to work with more home and business owners adopting solar for energy savings!
Rio Rancho
We’ve installed solar on more than 290 homes in Rio Rancho. We also built a solar farm for Rio Rancho’s waste water treatment plant in 2019 and do operations and maintenance for one of PNM’s 7MW solar farms in Sandoval count, so you could say we’re pretty familiar with the area. Rio Rancho homeowners have a lot of solar options and we encourage you to find out more about the Affordable Solar difference.
Santa Fe
We have installed more than 180 solar arrays in Santa Fe, including a 1,900 panel solar carport for the Genoveva Chavez Community Center and a 11.6MW solar plant for PNM just south of the city. We have a long track-record of installing solar in Santa Fe “The City Different”, and we have broad experience working with Santa Fe’s unique structures, historical districts, and the requirements of Santa Fe inspection authorities.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/quickstart-form-contact/thank-you/

Thank You!
Thanks for contacting Affordable Solar. One of our experienced Solar Consultants will be contacting you soon. If you would like to contact us prior, please call us direct!
Thanks for contacting Affordable Solar. One of our experienced Solar Consultants will be contacting you soon. If you would like to contact us prior, please call us direct!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/spread-the-sunshine/

Spread The Sunshine
Volunteer Time Off
Additional PTO is available for all of our employees to volunteer at local organization.
Solar Scholarship
Community Support
We are committed to support the community through sponsorship, engagement, and meaningful employment.
Refer a Friend:
Do you love your solar? Send a friend a referral code
and you’ll both receive $250 if they buy a system!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/our-blog/

Solar Energy Blog
Solar Energy Information, Tips, and Renewable Energy from Affordable Solar
Affordable Solar Breaks Ground on New Mexico’s First Community Solar Project
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 12, 2025 Valencia County, NM – Affordable Solar is proud to announce the groundbreaking and construction of New Mexico’s first-ever Community Solar project, marking a significant milestone in the state’s transition to clean energy...
Affordable Solar and Unirac Partner to Bring Solar Power to Habitat for Humanity ReStore in Albuquerque
Affordable Solar has partnered with Unirac, a leader in solar racking solutions, to bring clean, renewable energy to the Habitat for Humanity ReStore in Albuquerque. This collaboration is a testament to our commitment to the local community, demonstrating over 25...
What is the Life Expectancy of Solar Panels?
One of the most asked questions in the Solar industry is what is the lifespan of solar panels? This can differ with the brand and product quality. The industry standard for the lifespan of most solar panels is 25 to 30 years. Most reputable solar manufacturers...
Understanding Rapid Shutdown for Solar Systems: What Albuquerque Residents Should Know
What does rapid shutdown for solar systems mean? Don't feel alone if you're unsure. It isn't a flashy selling point for solar panel installation in New Mexico because you might never need it. The rapid shutdown function is an emergency feature that stops your solar...
Solar Awareness in Albuquerque: The Guidelines
Solar awareness is rising in America, but many people still have questions. In this article, the team from Affordable Solar, the leading solar company in Albuquerque, walks you through the legalities of installing a system in your home. The Different Purchasing...
Five Solar Panel Myths that Albuquerque Residents Should Never Believe
There are many solar panel myths online, which can sometimes make homeowners hesitant to change to renewable energy. In this article, the team from Affordable Solar, the premier Albuquerque solar company, puts those myths to rest. 1. Solar Will Only Work in Sunny,...
In the News
Check out a couple current projects in construction!Jicarilla Solar Plant NMSU - "Aggie Power" Solar System
Solar Tax Credit –What You Need to Know
What is the solar tax credit? The Federal solar tax credit was implemented in 2006, and it enables you, as a solar energy consumer, to deduct 26% of the cost of installing your solar energy system, from your federal taxes. It is simply based on the amount of your...
New Mexico Solar Tax Credit
Are you wondering what the New Mexico solar tax credit is and how it may apply to you? Keep reading to learn more about what this tax credit entails and how you can use this new legislation to your advantage when it comes to transitioning into solar power for your...
Questions You Should Ask Prospective Solar Installers – Part 1
Switching to solar power can improve your property’s market value and eliminate costly power bills. But if a solar installation isn’t the right quality or size for your building, you won’t experience these benefits. To help you find solar installers who can provide a...
Questions you should ask prospective Solar Installers – Part 2
Are you still having trouble finding the right installer to help you go solar in New Mexico? Here is a follow-up to our original article on the right questions to identify the most qualified solar installers for all your project needs. Below are more questions for...
Simplifying Net Metering
There can be confusion surrounding the meaning of net metering and how it affects solar panel owners. Here’s all the clarification you need about how net metering works, who benefits from it, and more. What is Net Metering? Net metering is simply an arrangement that...
It’s easy to enjoy life without an electricity bill.
Get solar sooner than you think!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/careers/

Albuquerque Solar Company Job Listings: Renewable Energy Careers
Corporate Culture
• Paid Community Service Days
• Growth and Advancement Opportunities
• Caring & Supportive Leadership
• In-Office Yoga Classes
• Free Snacks
• Growth and Advancement Opportunities
• Caring & Supportive Leadership
• In-Office Yoga Classes
• Free Snacks
Benefits
• Full Medical, Dental, Vision & 401k Company Match
• Generous PTO Policy
• 9 Paid Holidays Annually
• Paid Parental Leave
• Employee Referral Bonus Program
• Generous PTO Policy
• 9 Paid Holidays Annually
• Paid Parental Leave
• Employee Referral Bonus Program
Office Environment
• Relaxed Dress Code
• Offsite Company Parties & Events
• Flexible Work Schedule
• Family & Pet-Friendly Office
• Local Company
• Offsite Company Parties & Events
• Flexible Work Schedule
• Family & Pet-Friendly Office
• Local Company
Our Employees Speak
I’ve been with Affordable Solar since 2019 and it has been an incredible journey. My work is challenging but I’m constantly growing, both personally and professionally. Affordable Solar offers incredible “perks”, but my favorite part about working here is the culture. Affordable Solar’s culture reinforced from the top down starts with our Senior Management team, I truly enjoy working with a group of people who are down to earth, approachable and caring. It’s inspiring to work for a company who honestly wants to do the right thing for their customers and employees. This is what makes me excited to come to work every single day!
Stephanie Barnes
Corporate Recruiter
Working with Affordable Solar is a dream come true! I have the opportunity to help people save a lot of money off their electric bills while helping the environment. It’s a win-win! I feel very confident when I help someone go solar that they are making the absolute best choice possible by going with Affordable Solar. Founded on a passion for solar, Affordable Solar strives daily to make a positive impact on the environment, the community and its employees. Having earned the title of “Top Ten Best Places to Work” for so many years now I have lost count – Affordable Solar is in fact THE best place to work in Albuquerque. I love being part of Affordable Solar!
Crystal Felice
Solar Consultant

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/quickstart-form-contact/

Your Quickstart to saving money in 8 weeks or less.
With $0 down loans and our team managing the process for you, you’d be surprised how easy it is to go solar.
Ready for a Consultation?
Get a Free Second Opinion
Affordable Solar is excited to welcome you to our solar family.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/residential/

Residential Solar Installation in Albuquerque
Looking for a fast, efficient way to reduce your power bill? Give us a call and find out how switching to solar saves you money.
In light of Albuquerque’s climate, residential solar panel installation makes sense. After all, why not make use of one of the state’s most plentiful assets?
Using solar electricity can save you a significant amount of money on your monthly power bill. That is a simple point on which everyone can agree. Where it becomes complicated, however, is in choosing the best system for your home.
Affordable Solar is here to assist with every part of the process.
The Affordable Solar Process in New Mexico
Switching to solar is simple with us:
● Get in touch with us and schedule a home energy audit in Albuquerque or a nearby community.
● We send out our technician to discuss your needs and assess your home’s energy requirements.
● We design a custom-built system to power your home and provide you with an estimate.
● To make it easier to get financing, we put you in touch with one of our lending partners.
● We apply for all the necessary permits and advise you of state and federal incentive schemes.
● Our Albuquerque based residential solar panel installation team installs your system and ensures that it’s working perfectly.
● You monitor how much money you’re saving every month by using our simple app.
The Benefits of Residential Solar Installation
The System Pays for Itself Over Time
The average consumer in the United States recoups the installation costs in about 6.5 years. You’ll do this through:
● Tax credits and government incentives
● Being able to net meter and even build a “bank” of credit
● Not being subject to fluctuations in market prices for power
● Eliminating a significant portion of your electricity bill.
Lower Energy Bills
Cranking up the air conditioner in summer can leave you in a cold sweat when you get your energy bill.
By generating and storing your electricity, you’re free of exorbitant light bills. Contact our Albuquerque team for a home energy audit and we’ll help you find the best solution for lowering your energy bills.
Reduces Your Carbon Footprint
To generate electricity, we traditionally burn coal. This is problematic for a few reasons:
● Coal is a finite resource.
● Burning coal creates emissions. Scientists link the formation of these greenhouse gases to climate change.
Solar power is a renewable resource and a clean form of power. It also has the support of New Mexico’s Energy Transition Act (ETA) as a recommended energy source.
Reducing your dependence on coal power improves your carbon footprint. It also helps the state toward ensuring that at least 50% of its energy comes from renewable resources—a goal it hopes to reach by 2030.
Improves Property Value
By hiring us for residential solar panel installation in Albuquerque, you can improve the market value of your home as well. Homebuyers may look more favorably on the property as a result.
Receive Tax Credits and Other Incentives
There are several incentives in New Mexico that help offset the cost of switching to solar. These include:
● Federal Tax Credit 30%
● State Tax Credit 10%
Is Solar the Correct Option for You?
It may work for most people, but it’s not for everyone. The best way to find out is to give our Albuquerque based residential solar panel installation company a call. Our technicians will provide you with the best possible advice. In the interim, however, consider:
● What shape your roof is in: Will your roof bear the weight of the panels? More importantly, perhaps, is whether you plan to replace your roof in the next few years. If so, it may be best to do that first.
● The angle of the roof: If the angle is too steep, the roof may not be able to support solar panels. The ideal slope is between 15° and 40°.
● What rules your HOA sets: Err on the side of caution and check the HOA rules first. Also, consult someone on the committee to determine whether you must ask for approval before going ahead.
● How much sunshine your roof receives: It’s best to install panels on the south-facing sections of the roof. It’s also a good idea to assess how much sunlight your home usually receives. If it’s in a shady area, you may not be able to generate the power you need.
If you’re unsure, you can make the switch but stay connected to the grid for emergencies. That way, there’ll be power available whenever you require it. It may be a wise idea to do this initially until you get used to your new system.
How Much Will Solar Cost?
The cost of our residential solar panel installations in Albuquerque depends on your needs and the system you select. You’re looking at an amount of $15,000 to $25,000, depending on the components you choose. Said components include:
● Solar Panels: We install these on your roof. The more you have, the greater the potential to generate electricity. We do, however, have to ensure that your roof will bear the extra weight.
● Inverter: The energy in the panels passes through the inverter. The inverter converts the current into a safe, usable form.
● Batteries: Are you concerned about those dull and dreary days? A sound battery system will store the energy your panels generate. On those days when there’s no sunshine, the battery power kicks in instead.
The overall cost depends on how many additional panels and batteries you require.
Speak to New Mexico’s Top Residential Solar Installation Company Today
Affordable Solar provides exceptional service at competitive pricing. Speak to our New Mexico team today by calling (505) 305-0278 to schedule your residential solar installation consultation.
Speak to New Mexico’s Top Residential Solar Installation Company Today
It’s easy to enjoy life without an electricity bill.
Get solar sooner than you think!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/accessories-add-ons/

Convenient and Cost-Effective
If you live in Albuquerque, having an electric vehicle charger at home is convenient and allows you to take advantage of low residential electricity rates. In Albuquerque, using an electric vehicle charger typically costs the same amount as running a small air conditioner for about 6 hours, but if you have solar on your home you have the potential to save even more!
Save an average of $4,200 annually when you utilize solar to power your car!
Reliable and Resilient
Using a residential energy storage unit at your Albuquerque home is a great way to ensure that you will never be without power. This is especially appealing if your community’s energy grid is unreliable. Luckily for residents in our area, our grid is very reliable and we are rarely if ever, left without power. That being said, energy storage in our area is a luxury and not a necessity. If you’re interested in getting residential energy storage for your Albuquerque home, fill out the form below, and someone from our team will contact you within 24 hours.
Cost: $20,000-$35,000
Powering More Than Your Home.
The same reliable company that powers your home
is now powering your car.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/light-commercial/

The Best Commercial Solar Company in Albuquerque
Affordable Solar saves you money with competitive quotes on commercial solar installation and assistance with renewable energy financing in Albuquerque. Fill out the form to the right or call today to learn more.
Affordable Solar is a leading solar developer & contractor in the USA for local businesses, rural electric cooperatives, government agencies and investor-owned utilities. In addition to serving our residential community, we offer commercial businesses and utility-scale PV & Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) construction services. According to Solar Power World’s 2020 Top Solar Contractors, Affordable Solar is the 26th largest private Solar Contractor in the USA.
Owning and operating PV assets requires unique knowledge and capabilities. We stand out from other integrators in that not only do we sell, develop, and construct solar assets on behalf of our clients, we also perform the same functions for Affordable-owned systems. This gives us specialized insight in terms of component selection, equipment reliability, and maintenance operations. As a result, our Albuquerque commercial solar company can provide comprehensive operations and maintenance support or services to our Clients.
We round everything off with exceptional service to ensure that switching to solar is as simple as possible for you.
Why Choose Affordable Solar?
As the biggest commercial solar company in Albuquerque and all of New Mexico, we’re in a unique position to assist you. We:
● Prioritize integrity and the customer experience when dealing with you.
● Create custom-built systems rather than adopt a one-size-fits-all approach.
● Have an extensive range of industry contacts to procure high-quality supplies at favorable rates.
● Have the necessary industry experience to ensure consistent results.
● Employ teams of the best solar engineers nationwide.
● Only use the finest solar company products to ensure you get optimal results.
● Provide our clients with outstanding service.
● Ensure that our installations are neat and aesthetically pleasing.
● Value your business and time.
● Work around your schedule to make the process as convenient as possible for you.
● Provide generous warranties.
Since we opened our doors in 1998, we’ve installed more than 4,000 solar arrays in New Mexico alone. Globally, you’ll see our Albuquerque commercial solar company’s work in 96 countries with over 20,000 projects across seven continents. We’re also among the top thirty largest solar providers in the United States.
Our Process
We aim to make things as simple as possible for you. As a result, we have the most streamlined process of any solar group. It couldn’t be easier:
1. Get in touch and provide us with copies of your energy bills for a few months or, preferably, the last year or two.
2. We analyze these to establish your pattern of usage. We identify peak production periods and lulls in demand.
3. Our engineers create a system that maximizes your return on investment without endangering production. Our custom design ensures your business runs as efficiently as possible.
4. We advise you about any tax credits you may receive. If necessary, our team then recommends the renewable energy financing company in Albuquerque that we believe will best serve your needs.
5. We schedule the installation so that it doesn’t interfere with peak production periods.
6. Our Albuquerque based commercial solar contractors liaise with the inspectors and interconnectivity agents on your behalf.
7. We then work with the utility to test, commission, or add your solar array to the grid.
The Benefits of Commercial Solar Installation
Tax Benefits
Federal and State Business Investment Tax Benefits can reduce your Cost of Ownership by over 50%.
Potential Tax Benefits include:
● Federal Investment Tax Credit 30%
● Federal ‘Energy Communities’ Tax Credit Adder 10%
● Federal MACRS Depreciation
● NM State MACRS Depreciation
Act now to cash in and make solar power even more affordable by maximizing your Tax Benefits.
A Long-term Cost Saver
Solar power helps you minimize or eliminate energy costs now and in the future. By taking control of your electricity, you protect your business from volatility in energy prices. Instead of forking thousands of dollars over to power companies, you can invest it back into your business by hiring our Albuquerque based commercial solar panel installers.
Sustainability
Aside from the obvious cost benefits, using sun-powered electricity improves your brand image. It shows your clients that you’re committed to sustainability. With social awareness being at an all-time high, companies must demonstrate that they take their social responsibility seriously.
The Competitive Advantage
The solar power industry has experienced a growth of almost 70% in the last ten years. With Fortune 500 companies like Target making the change, the market won’t slow soon. Using clean energy:
● Saves your company money.
● Protects your business from annual price increases.
● Improves your brand image.
In short, it lends you a competitive advantage over your competitors in New Mexico. Improves Your Property and Business’s Value Solar panels are an asset to any business. By installing a good-quality system from our Albuquerque commercial solar company, you make your business more attractive.
Potential investors will approve of the savings on utility bills. If you sell your property, those buying it will also view the transaction more favorably if they’re able to use renewable energy.
Now Is the Ideal Time to Make the Change
In its early stages, the solar power industry was marked by high prices. The costs of installation then made it unaffordable for most users.
We are facing a very different situation today. The effects of global warming are of top concern in our society, businesses are becoming more conscious about the impact they have on the environment. Moreover, the local government is setting benchmarks for NM by encouraging real estate developers and architects to meet LEED standards when developing buildings. Installing solar on your business gains you tax benefits, will reduce your carbon footprint and is proven for customer loyalty and employee retention.
Along with PV solar, our Albuquerque commercial solar company partners with top suppliers to provide options for Electric Vehicle charging. So, if you are interested in providing a more comprehensive renewable energy environment, we have options for you! Give us a call today to learn more!
With affordable pricing, generous tax credits, and reasonable renewable energy financing terms for Albuquerque residents, now is the ideal time to invest in solar energy.
The Benefits of Financing Your Project
● Off-balance-sheet financing over a twenty-year term does not affect your overall lending capability.
● Low interest rates make renewable energy financing in Albuquerque cheaper than energy costs.
● Power Purchase Agreements (PPA) allow your business to take advantage of Solar Energy with no/low upfront cost while enjoying reduced energy costs.
● Lease to Own financing allows your business to install Solar PV Systems with no/low upfront costs while enjoying reduced energy costs, tax deductible lease payments and taking ownership of the system in 6-7 years.
Meet the Affordable Solar Team to Start the Transformation
Schedule a meeting to discuss your commercial solar installation by calling (505) 305-0278 or reaching out via our website. Our team members will discuss your best options with you and get the ball rolling.
Why deal with the rest when you’ve just found the best?
Meet the Affordable Solar Team to Start the Transformation
Schedule a meeting to discuss your commercial solar installation in Albuquerque by calling (505) 944-4220 or reaching out via our website. Our team members will discuss your best options with you and get the ball rolling.
Why deal with the rest when you’ve just found the best?
Affordable Solar is the largest, and most experienced commercial solar contractor in Albuquerque and all of New Mexico.
We have supplied systems to commercial, industrial, scientific, community and residential customers. Our business model is built on a commitment to complement every solar system with our dedication to teamwork, integrity and outstanding customer service. We are changing the world, one solar system at a time.
Customer Value
Employee Productivity
Corporate Social Responsibility
Healthier Community
Environmental sustainability increases the value of your brand in the minds of customers, employees and the community.
Ready to go solar?
Your time is money.
So we make it easy to go solar.
Utility Bill
Send our commercial solar company in Albuquerque your utility bill(s), we will analyze your use profile and develop a custom solar solution for your business.
Solar Design
Our NABCEP certified solar engineers design a solar solution to meet your company’s unique needs.
Process Management
We procure all necessary utility and jurisdictional approvals for you.
Scheduling
We coordinate with on-site personnel to schedule installation in a manner that provides minimal interruption to your daily operations.
Inspections and Interconnection
Our Albuquerque based commercial solar company coordinates inspections and interconnection processes with the appropriate officials.
Commissioning
We work with the utility to have your solar array commissioned, or tested and turned on.
Reduce Your Carbon Footprint.
Get solar sooner than you think.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://affordable-solar.com/usda-reap-grant/

The USDA-RD Reap Grant
The Rural Energy for America Program has been provided over $2 billion for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement grants for agricultural producers and rural small business owners through 2031. The USDA REAP Grant program, available in New Mexico and across the country, is undergoing numerous changes with the infusion of funds from the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA).
Rural Development is accepting applications for six quarterly competitions through September 30, 2024. Agricultural Producers and Rural Small Businesses may qualify for:
- 50% Grant Reimbursement of Total System Cost
- Maximum award of $1,000,000
Affordable Solar consultants in New Mexico can manage the government solar panel program application process and provide a renewable energy system that will maximize your opportunity to receive the grant award, capitalize on solar investment tax benefits and reduce your energy costs.
Contact us to discuss how you may qualify for a Solar PV System + USDA REAP Grant project in the New Mexico area.
Meet the Affordable Solar Team to Start the Transformation
Schedule a meeting to discuss your commercial solar installation by calling (505) 305-0278 or reaching out via our website. Our team members will discuss your best options with you and get the ball rolling.
Why deal with the rest when you’ve just found the best?
Meet the Affordable Solar Team to Start the Transformation
Schedule a meeting to discuss your commercial solar installation in New Mexico by calling (505) 305-0278 or reaching out via our website. Our team members will discuss your best options with you and get the ball rolling.
Why deal with the rest when you’ve just found the best?
Affordable Solar is the largest, and most experienced commercial solar contractor in all of New Mexico.
We have supplied systems to commercial, industrial, scientific, community and residential customers. Our business model is built on a commitment to complement every solar system with our dedication to teamwork, integrity and outstanding customer service. We are changing the world, one solar system at a time.
Customer Value
Employee Productivity
Corporate Social Responsibility
Healthier Community
Environmental sustainability increases the value of your brand in the minds of customers, employees and the community.
Ready to go solar?
Your time is money.
So we make it easy to go solar.
Utility Bill
Send our commercial solar company in New Mexico your utility bill(s), we will analyze your use profile and develop a custom solar solution for your business.
Solar Design
Our NABCEP certified solar engineers design a solar solution to meet your company’s unique needs.
Process Management
We procure all necessary utility and jurisdictional approvals for you.
Scheduling
We coordinate with on-site personnel to schedule installation in a manner that provides minimal interruption to your daily operations.
Inspections and Interconnection
Our New Mexico based commercial solar company coordinates inspections and interconnection processes with the appropriate officials.
Commissioning
We work with the utility to have your solar array commissioned, or tested and turned on.
Reduce Your Carbon Footprint.
Get solar sooner than you think.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------