ROOT: https://viridirng.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:45:08.092486Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://viridirng.com/

Building North America's
Leading RNG Platform
Viridi is a full-service renewable natural gas (RNG) platform, founded by a veteran management team with unparalleled expertise in end-to-end RNG value creation.
Launched with a $300+ million equity commitment led by Warburg Pincus and additional funding from Green Rock Energy Partners, we work with the owners of biogas-producing assets that turn organic feedstocks – landfill emissions, animal waste, municipal waste and food waste – into valuable energy.
Our projects generate positive environmental benefits for our community and the planet while producing strong economic benefits.
$300M +
Equity Commitment
from Warburg Pincus
100+ Yrs
Combined
Experience
450K +
Tons of CO2e
emissions reduced
per year
Viridi is led by a veteran team with deep RNG experience and unique ability to create value across the entire RNG value chain.
Our expertise spans development, operations, financing, and commercial strategy, allowing us to forge flexible partnerships on transformative projects.
Viridi is building North America’s leading RNG platform of scale.
We maximize the value of our partners’ biogas-generating assets by creating RNG that replaces higher-emission fuel.
Viridi’s industry-leading team brings a truly differentiated approach to our partnerships.
We deploy capital quickly to implement aggressive but achievable plans that result in safe, efficient, and reliable beneficial-use projects.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/portfolio

Where Innovation Meets Sustainability
We deploy capital quickly to implement aggressive but achievable plans that result in safe, efficient, and reliable beneficial-use projects. With our unparalleled expertise in end-to-end RNG value creation, Viridi works to reduce harmful greenhouse gas emissions and fossil fuel use, while improving local air quality and increasing availability of cleaner transportation fuels.
Explore our portfolio of projects that are redefining the future of renewable natural gas.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/team

David Barry is the CFO of Viridi Energy, where he brings over two decades of leadership experience in energy, sustainability, and finance roles. Prior to joining Viridi, he served as CFO of Northern Biogas, LP, a developer and owner of renewable natural gas projects. He also held the role of CFO at Viking Pure Solutions, where he helped build an innovative business at the intersection of healthcare and sustainability.
Earlier in his career, David spent 14 years as an investment banker, advising on transactions across the energy and industrials sectors.
He holds an MBA from the University of Chicago and an AB from Harvard College. David lives in Denver, Colorado.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/portfolio-info?ID=76154

In Q4 2023, Viridi acquired an in-progress landfill-to-RNG project at Casella Waste Systems, Inc.’s Bethlehem, New Hampshire, site. The acquisition has breathed new life into the facility, which launched in 2021 as the state’s first landfill gas-to-RNG project.
ASSET HIGHLIGHTS
- This deal showcases Viridi’s ability to deliver on incomplete and challenging RNG projects, while also demonstrating the team’s expertise in structuring deals that benefit all stakeholders, including the local Bethlehem community.
- Once fully operational, the project will generate substantial environmental benefit by capturing the landfill’s naturally occurring methane emissions – which are far more potent than CO2 as a greenhouse gas – and transforming them into valuable renewable energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/portfolio-info?ID=76152

In Q1 2024, Viridi acquired a legacy biosolids digester plant in Brunswick, Maine, with plans to transform the site into an industry-leading waste-to-RNG facility. The deal, leveraging an agreement with Casella Waste Systems, Inc. – a regional solid waste, recycling, and resource management services company – marks a major step in offering a sustainable, cost-effective waste solution that complies with the state’s new biosolids management rules.
ASSET HIGHLIGHTS
- Viridi and Casella are providing an innovative, sustainable pathway for Maine municipalities to reduce uncertainties in managing their biosolids.
- The Brunswick facility will generate valuable renewable energy and help power the local community, offer a sustainable and cost-effective solution for managing biosolids, and support compliance with local regulations aimed at mitigating per-and polyfluoroalkyl substance (PFAS) contamination in the region.
- Once completed, the facility will offer an innovative solution for managing waste that complies with Maine’s PFAS regulations while allowing Casella to put the material to a better use for its customers rather than send it directly to disposal.
- A portion of the substantial volume of renewable energy created will be sold to Énergir, the largest gas utility company in Quebec.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/portfolio-info?ID=75977

In Q1 2023, Viridi announced the commencement of construction on a landfill renewable natural gas project at the Marathon County Solid Waste Department’s landfill in Ringle, Wisconsin. The development creates a partnership between Viridi and Marathon County that will convert landfill gas into clean RNG.
ASSET HIGHLIGHTS
- Viridi’s investment and project leadership will transform a dormant biogas-to-energy project into a state-of-the-art RNG facility, which is expected to be fully operational by the end of 2024.
- As one of the first major projects developed under the Viridi name, the Marathon County partnership showcases Viridi’s unparalleled expertise in end-to-end RNG value creation, while delivering deep environmental benefit to local partners.
- This project will have a direct, positive environmental impact on the surrounding community by reducing the need for on-site emissions mitigation by Marathon County government.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/portfolio-info?ID=75978

In Q2 2023, Viridi announced a new partnership with Baldwin County, Alabama that advances the firm’s work to build North America’s leading RNG platform. The partnership supports the construction of a new landfill renewable natural gas (RNG) facility, which will transform naturally-occurring landfill emissions into clean energy.
ASSET HIGHLIGHTS
- The Baldwin County landfill serves as the implementation site for this pioneering project. While the county’s landfill is relatively small, Viridi leadership recognizes the immense potential of developing smaller-scale RNG projects.
- Such smaller landfill sites present unique financial and development challenges, but they also represent a significant portion of the remaining landfill development opportunities in the US and Canada.
- As with all of Viridi’s landfill projects, the Baldwin County facility will capture environmentally-hazardous methane emissions, which are a natural byproduct of decomposition at landfills globally, and transform them into RNG.
- While the SWDA maintains full responsibility for operating and maintaining the gas collection and control system (GCCS), Viridi provides ongoing technical and consultative support to maximize system performance and royalty generation. Our team collaborates with landfill staff to assess leachate levels, evaluate pump efficiency, and review gas quality to identify performance improvements.
- Viridi began injecting RNG into the local grid on 2/26/25

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/portfolio-info?ID=75976

In Q2 2023, Viridi finalized a partnership with American Organic Energy (“AOE”) to develop one of the largest food waste-to-renewable natural gas projects in the United States. Initially, the project is expected to convert 210,000 tons of waste per year – which is equivalent to the entire annual food waste of Dallas, Texas - into clean energy and agriculture products. An expansion is already planned that will increase capacity by more than 50%.
ASSET HIGHLIGHTS
- The AOE facility represents a historic step toward circularity in waste disposal, housing the first anaerobic digester to process food waste in the New York City metropolitan area.
- The project will divert food waste from landfills located up to 300 miles away and transform it into RNG, via anaerobic digestion, and into other renewable products, such as fertilizer.
- This deal is significant for Viridi and for the renewable energy industry as it will deliver RNG at an attractive price-per-ton of CO2 avoided without being dependent upon the credit markets.
- FortisBC will purchase the RNG produced at the AOE facility to deliver to its customers.
- Food waste is the single most common material landfilled and incinerated across the United States. As such, the AOE project aligns with food waste reduction goals set by the USDA and EPA, which target decreases of 50 percent by 2030.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/portfolio-info?ID=76246

In Q2 of 2025, Viridi Energy and the City of Waco entered an agreement to develop an RNG facility on their closing landfill
ASSET HIGHLIGHTS
- Demonstrates Viridi’s collaborative partner approach, including responsibility for landfill gas collection and control system (GCCS) operations and upgrades to support future NSPS compliance.
- Features a small, modular RNG facility that enables the City of Waco to monetize gas from a low-flow landfill.
- Designed with long-term operational planning in mind, supporting RNG production post landfill closure and creating sustained post-closure revenues for both the project and the City.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/portfolio-info?ID=76247

The City of Lincoln’s landfill renewable natural gas (RNG) initiative is moving forward through a partnership originally awarded to Sparq Renewables, which has selected Viridi to deliver the RNG facility that will convert landfill methane into pipeline-quality, low-carbon natural gas.
ASSET HIGHLIGHTS
- This 3,000 SCFM RNG facility at the City’s Bluff Road Landfill will convert landfill methane into pipeline-quality, low-carbon renewable natural gas.
- RNG will be injected into the local pipeline network via Black Hills Energy Systems network, creating local energy benefits and improving regional fuel carbon intensity.
- This project will support emissions reductions through methane capture and upgrading of methane that would otherwise be flared or released—turning an organic waste stream into a renewable energy resource.
- Delivers meaningful local-scale energy production with a clear, community-relevant benefit with an equivalent energy output to heating 12,148 homes annually

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/approach

To maximize the value of our partners’ biogas-generating assets by creating RNG that replaces higher-emission fuel in a cost friendly, environmentally effective way.
Through our capture and conversion of naturally occurring biogas, we reduce harmful greenhouse gas emissions and fossil fuel use, while improving local air quality and increasing availability of cleaner transportation fuels.
Development
Operations
Financing
Commercial Strategy

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/news

Viridi Energy Brings First Company-Operated RNG Facility Online in Baldwin County, Alabama
Viridi Energy, a leading renewable natural gas (RNG) platform, today announced it has begun operations at its new RNG facility in Summerdale, Alabama. Developed in partnership with the Solid Waste Disposal Authority of Baldwin County, the facility captures landfill gas from the county’s Magnolia Landfill and converts it into pipeline-quality RNG, delivering environmental and economic benefits to the local community.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/article/viridi_partners_with_alabama_landfill_for_rng_project_as_part_of_the_firms_local_and_municipal_waste_to_value_strategy

Viridi Partners with Alabama Landfill for RNG Project, as part of the firm’s Local and Municipal Waste to Value Strategy
The Baldwin County landfill in Summerdale, Alabama, will serve as the implementation site for this pioneering project. While the county’s landfill is relatively small compared to other projects in our portfolio and development pipeline, Viridi recognizes the immense potential of developing smaller-scale RNG projects. These smaller landfill sites present unique financial and development challenges, but they also represent a significant portion of the remaining landfill
development opportunities in the US and Canada. We are confident that our deep experience in facility design and engineering can make such sites profitable for our investors and productive for our municipal and offtake partners.
BP, a global energy company, will serve as Viridi’s offtake partner, ensuring the successful distribution and utilization of the site’s RNG. The initial deal with Baldwin County was finalized in December 2022, setting the stage for the next phase of development. The target timeline for pipeline injection is Q3 of 2024. Additionally, Quadragen, a renowned RNG upgrading technology provider, has played a pivotal role in bringing this project to life.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/article/viridi_partners_with_american_organic_energy_to_develop_one_of_the_largest_food_waste-to-rng_projects_in_the_united_states

Viridi Partners with American Organic Energy to Develop One of the Largest Food Waste-to-RNG Projects in the United States
Located in Yaphank, NY, the AOE facility represents a historic step toward circularity in waste disposal, housing the first anaerobic digester to process food waste in the New York City metropolitan area. The project will divert food waste from landfills located up to 300 miles away and transform it into RNG, via anaerobic digestion, and into other renewable products, such as fertilizer. The project will generate emissions reductions equivalent to nearly 100,000 tons of CO2 per year and is projected to produce renewable fuels equivalent to 10 million gallons of gasoline annually.
“This landmark project demonstrates to the renewable energy industry that large-scale food waste-to-RNG projects are viable as robust financial investments and as environmentally impactful solutions to our greenhouse gas emissions and food waste crises,” said Dan Crouse, CEO of Viridi.
This deal is significant for Viridi and for the renewable energy industry as it will deliver RNG at an attractive price-per-ton of CO2 avoided without being dependent upon the credit markets. The firm, which launched last year with the backing of Warburg Pincus and Green Rock Energy Partners, has signed an offtake agreement with FortisBC, a British Columbia-based energy solutions provider. Per the agreement, which has a term length of 20 years, FortisBC will purchase the RNG produced at the AOE facility to deliver to its customers. Financing partners supporting the construction of the project include JP Morgan, NY Green Bank, and Pathward®, N.A. Green Arrow Engineering serves as the owner’s engineer, and Venture Engineering & Construction is the project’s engineering, procurement, and construction contractor. Financial advisor to AOE was Mike Land, formerly with Baker Tilly Capital and now with Virentis Advisors.
The project will drive substantial positive environmental impact, largely by reducing greenhouse gas emissions associated with current food waste disposal practices. The carbon intensity of the AOE facility, which is located at the Long Island Compost site, will be approximately -100gCO2e/MJ. Food waste is the single most common material landfilled and incinerated across the United States. As such, the AOE project aligns with food waste reduction goals set by the USDA and EPA, which target decreases of 50 percent by 2030.
“The AOE project provides a cost-effective, sustainable solution for a meaningful portion of food waste generated annually in the New York City metropolitan area. I’m proud to embark on the next phase of this project with Viridi, an experienced RNG partner, as we envision the possibility of scaling production at the site in the future,” said Charles Vigliotti, Chief Executive Officer and President of AOE.
Viridi’s AOE partnership marks the firm’s third high-profile deal announcement in the first half of 2023. In February, Viridi announced its partnership with Marathon County, Wisconsin to convert the county’s landfill emissions into clean RNG, equal to more than three million gallons of gasoline annually. Just last month, the firm announced a partnership with Baldwin County, Alabama to develop a waste-to-RNG project at that county’s landfill.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/article/viridi_energy_adds_two_new_team_members_as_firms_renewable_energy_work_gathers_pace_nationwide

Viridi Energy Adds Two New Team Members, as Firm’s Renewable Energy Work Gathers Pace Nationwide
“The Viridi team is delighted to welcome Mark and Tamara and to leverage their well-aligned experience in support of our larger firm objectives,” said Dan Crouse, CEO of Viridi. “This year, we have announced several high-profile RNG deals, which push the leading edge of the renewable energy industry, and we have many more projects in our pipeline. With Mark’s deep operational expertise and Tamara’s business development acumen, Viridi is poised to build on our impressive momentum.”
In joining Viridi, Cresanti brings more than two decades of operations leadership experience and several recent years of work in the biogas-to-RNG space. Most recently, he was Director of Operations for RNG Operating Assets at Air Liquide Advanced Technologies for three years. In that role, he managed the operations team responsible for supporting new and existing biogas-to-RNG projects nationwide. Prior to that, he was the Northeast Director of Operations for the same firm, and he worked in a variety of operations-focused leadership positions for The Dow Chemical Company from 2010 to 2015.
Siskind joins the Viridi team with a focus on sourcing investment opportunities from multiple biogas feedstocks, including agricultural waste, food waste, municipal wastewater anaerobic digestion, and landfill gas sources. Prior to joining Viridi, she led U.S. sales for Wärtsilä's Puregas CA biogas upgrading technology. Her experience includes more than 10 years as an engineer in the oil & gas sector, with roles spanning operations, commissioning, and capital project development.
The expansion of Viridi’s team comes as the RNG platform is increasing its momentum across the United States. In June, Viridi announced its partnership with American Organic Energy to develop one of the largest food waste-to-RNG projects in the country. The Yaphank, NY project is expected to convert 210,000 tons of waste per year – the equivalent to the entire annual food waste of Dallas, Texas – into clean energy and agriculture products. Prior to that, in Q1 of 2023, Viridi began construction on a landfill renewable natural gas project at the Marathon County Solid Waste Department’s landfill in Ringle, WI. The development created a partnership between Viridi and Marathon County that will convert landfill gas into clean RNG, equal to more than three million gallons of gasoline annually.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/article/viridi_energy_further_expands_team_in_q4__with_focus_on_industry-leading_project_execution_and_value_capture

Viridi Energy Further Expands Team in Q4 with Focus on Industry-Leading Project Execution and Value Capture
“Everyone at Viridi is excited to welcome Dan and Joshua aboard and to leverage their deep expertise in ways that enhance our overall firm momentum,” said Chet Benham, President and COO of Viridi. “Superb project execution is a foundational element of Viridi’s approach to value creation, and our team is also highly attentive to the evolving ways that federal tax, credit, and incentive policies impact our work. We are delighted to have Dan and Joshua supporting our team on these fronts.”
Shirley joins the Viridi team after a lengthy career in tax-related roles across the energy and infrastructure sectors. Most recently, he worked as the outsourced tax director for a publicly traded regional bank and as Senior Advisor to a newly launched energy and infrastructure firm. Previously, he was Head of Tax at Rice Energy. Before that, he was a tax partner at one of the “big four” accounting firms, focused on state and local tax and tax credits across the energy and financial services spaces.
Meanwhile, Bush brings more than two-and-a-half decades of management, engineering, design, and construction expertise to Viridi. With a five-year track record working specifically in the renewable energy space, he also has experience in the petrochemical, refining, natural gas, wastewater, manufacturing, and paper mill industries. In his previous role as Regional Construction Manager at Montauk Renewables, Bush helped lead the successful development, construction, and commissioning of new RNG facilities, while also supporting existing assets nationwide.
The hiring of Shirley and Bush caps a momentum-filled year for Viridi. In late September, the firm announced the hiring of Mark Cresanti as Executive Vice President of Operations and Tamara Siskind as Director of Business Development. In Q2, the firm finalized its partnership with American Organic Energy to develop a large food waste-to-RNG project in Yaphank, NY. Earlier in the year, Viridi announced landfill RNG projects in Marathon County, Wisconsin and in Baldwin County, Alabama.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/article/viridi_energy_announces_strategic_team_expansion_in_q2_to_support_ongoing_firm_growth

Viridi Energy Announces Strategic Team Expansion in Q2 to Support Ongoing Firm Growth
“We are thrilled to welcome Peter, Matthew, and Margaret to the Viridi Energy team,” said Dan Crouse, CEO of Viridi Energy. “Their combined expertise spanning finance, infrastructure development, and biogas engineering functions aligns perfectly with our vision of driving innovation in the renewable energy sector through strategic due diligence and operational excellence. These hires will enhance our ability to execute projects efficiently and deliver value for our stakeholders.”
Fenelon joins Viridi following a succession of sustainable finance and energy sector investment banking roles. Most recently, he served as a Vice President of Sustainable Infrastructure Investing for a U.S.-based asset management firm focused on energy transition investments. In this role, he was tasked with deal sourcing, asset management, and capital raise responsibilities specific to RNG infrastructure development. Fenelon’s expertise in RNG investment banking, M&A, and capital markets advisory services, as well as his successful track record in managing multi-million-dollar transactions, will significantly contribute to Viridi’s growth and investment strategies.
Losch steps into the role of Operations Engineer bringing close to two decades of chemical engineering experience in process design, project management, and production improvements. In his previous role as Senior Production Engineer for an international biogas operator, he oversaw daily production and engineering activities across a network of sites while simultaneously managing responsibilities pertaining to site safety and training. Losch’s analytical skills and engineering background will bolster Viridi’s production capabilities and support the company’s mission of delivering high-quality, sustainable energy solutions at scale.
Roberts brings a unique blend of project management and strategic planning skills to the Sr. Project Controls Specialist position. Previously, she was a Sr. Strategic Project Consultant tasked with facilitating large-scale commercial development plans, managing financials, and streamlining project management functions. Her experience managing project workflows and enhancing operational efficiency will be instrumental in the ongoing development of Viridi assets throughout the firm’s geographic footprint.
Viridi’s recent team growth reflects its continued strategic expansion. In March, the firm announced it had acquired a biosolids-to-RNG digester facility in Brunswick, Maine, which represented the firm’s fourth high-profile deal announcement in the last year. In June 2023, it announced it was partnering with American Organic Energy to develop one of the largest food waste-to-RNG projects in the United States; in May 2023, the firm announced a partnership with Baldwin County, Alabama, to develop a waste-to-RNG project at that county’s landfill; and in March 2023, Viridi announced its partnership with Marathon County, Wisconsin, to convert the county’s landfill emissions into clean RNG, equal to more than three million gallons of gasoline annually.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/article/viridi_energy_continues_to_expand_operations_team_enhancing_expertise_in_project_management_and_safety

Viridi Energy Continues to Expand Operations Team, Enhancing Expertise in Project Management and Safety
Dan Crouse, CEO of Viridi Energy, emphasized the importance of assembling a team that aligns with the company's vision for sustainable growth. “As we expand our Operations team, we’re laying the foundation for building North America’s leading RNG platform. Each new team member adds a layer of knowledge and capability that enhances our ability to execute projects successfully, ensuring that we consistently deliver value to our stakeholders and the communities we serve.”
The firm’s newly hired roles include plant managers, operators, and engineers that bring cross-functional capabilities in managing the daily operations of Viridi’s renewable natural gas assets. This seamless coordination across locations has improved communication, fostered greater team learning, and translated into an exemplary health, safety, environment, and sustainability (HSES) record.
This year, Viridi has recorded zero incidents across key HSES indicators, including First Aid cases, Non-Lost Time Accidents, Lost Time Accidents, and Reportable Loss of Containments. This commitment to safety underscores Viridi's dedication to operational excellence and ongoing training at each site.
“Our growing Operations team is key to optimizing our projects and ensuring we meet the highest standards of performance and safety,” said Mark Cresanti, EVP of Operations at Viridi Energy. “By bringing in individuals with proven expertise and diverse skills, we’ve been able to assemble a team that improves our operations and supports the overarching goals of our company to continually enhance our efficiency, safety, and productivity throughout our project footprint.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/article/viridi_energy_brings_first_company-operated_rng_facility_online_in_baldwin_county_alabama

Viridi Energy Brings First Company-Operated RNG Facility Online in Baldwin County, Alabama
The landfill gas-to-RNG project marks a key milestone in Viridi’s strategy to scale US renewable energy infrastructure
NEW YORK—(BUSINESS WIRE)— Viridi Energy (“Viridi” or “the firm”), a leading renewable natural gas (RNG) platform, today announced it has begun operations at its new RNG facility in Summerdale, Alabama. Developed in partnership with the Solid Waste Disposal Authority of Baldwin County, the facility captures landfill gas from the county’s Magnolia Landfill and converts it into pipeline-quality RNG, delivering environmental and economic benefits to the local community.
The facility is expected to produce more than 160,000 MMBtu of RNG annually, supplied via a multiyear offtake agreement to ACT Fuels. In addition to transforming waste gases into a reliable, renewable energy resource, the project will generate long-term revenue for Baldwin County through gas production royalties.
The Baldwin County facility is the first site operated under the Viridi banner, marking a cornerstone achievement in the firm’s waste-to-value strategy.
“This is a defining moment for Viridi Energy,” said Dan Crouse, CEO of Viridi Energy. “Our team brings more than 100 years of collective industry experience building and operating RNG facilities, but the Baldwin County site is the first to operate under the Viridi name. This project is a powerful example of how deep experience, thoughtful public-private partnerships, and strategic infrastructure investments can turn waste streams into revenue streams while creating long-term value for the communities we operate in.”
Viridi assumed control of the project mid-development and worked closely with partners and county leaders to facilitate the project’s ongoing construction and commissioning. The Viridi leadership team’s extensive experience working with a range of gas upgrading technologies was key to enabling a smooth integration and successful project delivery.
“This project is a major milestone for Baldwin County and its citizens, as this RNG facility has the ability to supply fuel for all of the natural gas customers in Magnolia Springs,” said Terri Graham, CEO, Solid Waste Disposal Authority of Baldwin County, Alabama, Inc. “We’re thrilled to partner with Viridi on a project that turns environmental responsibility into real economic benefit for the community.”
Though smaller in scale than some of Viridi’s other developments, the Baldwin County facility serves as a blueprint for scalable, community-centered RNG projects. Landfill sites similar in size represent a significant share of untapped RNG potential across North America yet often face steeper financial and engineering barriers. Viridi’s track record in overcoming these barriers was key to bringing the site online successfully.
In addition to producing renewable energy, the landfill site is now home to a new 62,000-square-foot materials recovery facility (MRF) that will enhance the county’s ability to recover and recycle valuable materials. Within the MRF is the Waste & Recycling Adventure Center, a 7,000-square-foot interactive learning space designed to engage students and residents on the importance of waste recovery. Through hands-on exhibits, the center explores recycling basics and explains how landfill gas is captured and refined into RNG, helping to bring the circular economy to life for the next generation.
Baldwin County is the first of four Viridi facilities expected to come online in 2025, underscoring the firm’s momentum in building North America’s leading RNG platform.
About Viridi Energy
Viridi Energy is a full-service renewable natural gas investor, operator, and partner founded by a veteran RNG management team. With the backing of Warburg Pincus and Green Rock Energy Partners, the firm’s platform builds, owns, and operates RNG assets with landfill, dairy, wastewater, and food waste feedstocks across North America. For more information, please visit www.viridirng.com. Follow Viridi Energy on LinkedIn.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/contact

Home
Team
Approach
Portfolio
News
Contact
Click to toggle navigation menu
Contact Us
Name
Email
Phone
Message
Submit

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/article/esg_review_highlights_brunswick_me_project

ESG Review Highlights Brunswick, ME Project
Dan highlights how Viridi’s collaboration with Casella Waste Systems, Inc. will power the local community, offer a sustainable solution for managing waste, and help address emerging environmental regulations:
“Viridi continues with innovative solutions that help overcome challenges in both the waste management and energy sectors, and this project signals the team’s ongoing emphasis on diversifying our waste feedstocks and expanding our processing capabilities to meet growing renewable energy needs.”
Read the full article, “From Flash to Cash,” here: https://esgreview.net/issues/q3-2024/#page_36

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/article/viridi_energy_signs_20-year_agreement_with_nergir_l.p._to_supply_pipeline-quality_rng_at_scale

Viridi Energy Signs 20-Year Agreement With Énergir L.P. to Supply Pipeline-Quality RNG at Scale
Under the agreement, which begins next year, Viridi will deliver 650,000 gigajoules of pipeline-quality RNG annually to Énergir from its waste-to-energy facilities in Brunswick, Maine; Marathon County, Wisconsin; and Bethlehem, New Hampshire. This RNG, which will account for roughly 50% of the total volume produced at the respective sites, will create enough energy to heat over 10,000 homes for a year.
“Viridi Energy is proud to announce our new 20-year agreement with Énergir,” said Dan Crouse, CEO of Viridi. “Énergir has a proven reputation as a leader in decarbonizing North American energy. Combined with Viridi's flexibility in sourcing utility-quality RNG across our growing portfolio of assets, this partnership will help Énergir achieve its sustainability goal of carbon neutrality in the energy it distributes by 2050.”
“Thanks to Viridi’s well-established team and expertise, we will be able to increase RNG volumes within our grid and expand our solutions designed for all our customers looking to shrink their carbon footprint. We are looking forward to working together during this long-term agreement that will help us gradually achieve our target to inject a minimum of 10% RNG by 2030,” said Vincent Regnault, Executive Director, Gas Supply and Renewable Gas Development, Énergir.
This agreement signifies the first major deal completed through Viridi Energy Marketing and Trading LLC, Viridi’s newly established commercial arm that makes it easy for buyers to source RNG from any of Viridi's waste-to-energy facilities.
The three sites from which Viridi will supply Énergir are all part of its fast-growing pool of RNG assets.
In March 2024, Viridi announced it acquired a legacy biosolids digester plant in Brunswick where it will process an estimated 85,000 tons of biosolids from local wastewater treatment plants per year into sustainable RNG; in December 2023, it acquired an in-progress landfill gas-to-RNG project in Bethlehem that is expected to produce up to 600,000 MMBtu per year of RNG; and in March 2023, Viridi announced its partnership with Marathon County where it will convert the county’s landfill emissions into clean RNG equal to more than three million gallons of gasoline annually.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/article/oilgas_journal_how_rising_demand_for_rng_is_unlocking_vast_new_opportunity

Oil&Gas Journal: How Rising Demand for RNG is Unlocking Vast New Opportunity
In his commentary, Chet discusses how the role of RNG operators, investors, and traditional energy companies is shifting along with the growing appetite for more sustainable fuels – ushering in a dynamic new era of the energy transition.
“With more sophisticated players at the helm, new projects are coming online that aren’t just good for local communities and the planet – but good for investors, as well. This is demonstrated by the attractive, reliable, and quantifiable returns on investment that strategically operated projects can bring.”
Read the full article here: https://www.ogj.com/sponsored/article/55042399/how-rising-demand-for-rng-is-unlocking-vast-new-opportunity

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/article/nasdaq_tradetalks_features_viridi_president_and_coo_in_industry_panel

Nasdaq TradeTalks Features Viridi President and COO in Industry Panel
The panel of industry leaders discussed the ways in which the RNG space is evolving in response to market needs and how the group is partnering to help define the next chapter of the energy transition, while Benham highlighted how Viridi is working to bring innovative RNG projects to fruition across North America to meet the growing demand for waste-to-energy solutions.
Watch the full segment on Nasdaq TradeTalks:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0esSQOry8rM

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://viridirng.com/article/mergers__acquisitions_highlights_viridis_active_deal_season

Mergers & Acquisitions Highlights Viridi’s Active Deal Season
The article also captures much of Viridi’s growth to-date and showcases one of Viridi’s most significant differentiators: the team’s close working relationships with local stakeholders who help the company identify future projects across its geographic footprint. As Benham shared, “We get to know the guy in the baseball cap driving the pickup truck,” and this boots-on-the-ground approach is paying dividends.
Read the full article here: https://www.themiddlemarket.com/news-analysis/esg-subsidies-drive-renewable-natural-gas-bets

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------