ROOT: https://wundercapital.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:46:07.788489Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 16

================================================================================

URL: https://wundercapital.com/

Jamestown, a global real estate investment and management firm with more than $11.7B in AUM, engaged Wunder to deploy a 350 kW solar energy system at The Exchange at Larkspur Landing, a 196,000 sf, 9.4-acre office campus north of San Francisco in Larkspur, California.
The system came online in June 2024 and is expected to generate 570,320 kWh of power in its first year of operation, delivering energy cost savings while reducing the environmental impact of the property.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/our-company

Our mission is to accelerate the renewable energy transition by helping clients seamlessly and strategically deploy energy solutions across their national real estate holdings.
Join Our TeamWe’re a technology company, but we’re not building another app for teenagers or supporting another SaaS product for big corps—we’re fighting climate change by pushing renewable energy forward.
Learn More About Our ImpactOur operating principles help us daily to both build an organization that we are all proud to be a part of, and succeed in our ambitious mission.
We set audacious goals. We relish tackling hard problems. We think independently, logically, and empirically about each aspect of Wunder, and our industry.
We start from a place of trust in each role. We value outputs, not inputs. We treat each other as peers with the freedom to experiment and iterate. We believe the closest person to the problem should generally solve the problem.
We push ourselves to provide uncomfortable feedback. We speak openly about mistakes and faults. We actively seek critical feedback from each other. We are deeply committed to helping our teammates learn and improve over time.
Our biggest advantage is speed. Luckily, the best advantage is speed. We move to decisions swiftly and decisively. We prioritize the critical, and remove the excess. We address internal blockers quickly, and avoid unnecessary external dependencies.
We stay acutely aware of how the activities that we undertake relate to our goals. We recognize that we have more things that we want to do than we have time to do them. Definitionally, this means that we cannot focus without making painful decisions to cut things that we want to do.
It is our commitment to our mission that provides our team with resiliency in the face of challenges that would otherwise be overwhelming. Our shared commitment to delivering a better future is what drives us to work on the hard problems that need solving.
We recognize that we cannot achieve our goals through brute force. We recognize that in order to advance as individuals, as an organization, and as a driving force of change in our market, we must continuously and methodically invest in ourselves.
The speed at which we make decisions dictates our speed as a team. We recognize that if we want to make decisions quickly, we will often have to rely on imperfect information. To be decisive, we need to be willing to be wrong. To be decisive, we need to be committed to learning from our mistakes. Being right is good, but being fast is better.
Our mission is critical, and so is having great people behind it. We’re always looking for the best and brightest to join the fight against climate change.
View Open Roles

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/solutions/portfolio-management

Jamestown, a global real estate investment and management firm with more than $11.7B in AUM, engaged Wunder to deploy a 350 kW solar energy system at The Exchange at Larkspur Landing, a 196,000 sf, 9.4-acre office campus north of San Francisco in Larkspur, California.
The system came online in June 2024 and is expected to generate 570,320 kWh of power in its first year of operation, delivering energy cost savings while reducing the environmental impact of the property.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/all-solutions

Programmatically deploy energy assets across your portfolio and unlock value
Based on your assets, capabilities, and goals, we’ll help you tailor an energy strategy that maximizes value capture from your existing properties and development pipeline. We’ll then work on your behalf to expedite timelines, optimize outcomes, and manage logistics.
We analyze your real estate to identify the best opportunities, based on property dynamics, energy programs, and available incentives.
We'll help you make informed energy decisions, stepping you through any tradeoffs and identifying project structures that meet your goals.
We manage every aspect of a project, from design to installation and operation, unlocking value for your firm no matter your resourcing.
Our deployment strategy will be designed around your needs and engineered to reliably deliver successful outcomes at any scale.
Whether you need to satisfy permitting requirements, bolster property income, unlock new tenant benefits, or meet ESG goals, solar can be a critical piece to your energy strategy. Our solar offerings (which include no-cost options) make solar a quick, easy, and scalable beachhead for your energy initiatives.
Learn MoreAs battery costs come down, energy storage is making more and more sense across the country. Whether you have property serving energy-intense applications (e.g., cold storage, manufacturing, data centers), or a footprint in states with new battery storage incentives, this emerging opportunity deserves your attention.
Learn MoreIf you need to satisfy permitting requirements, meet tenant demands, or simply future-proof your properties, electric vehicle chargers are becoming highly sought after. What’s more, they’re a quick and easy addition to incorporate when we’re already installing solar, batteries, or other energy solutions at your property.
Learn MoreOur comprehensive energy services deliver the insights, capabilities, and tools you need to define your energy strategy, scale execution, and report on progress for years to come. Make informed energy decisions, stay ahead of changing regulatory landscapes, and take advantage of emerging opportunities.
Learn MoreWunder’s robust ESG Reporting capabilities have been tailored to meet your needs. You’ll have full access to the energy data and documentation needed to seamlessly meet ESG reporting and benchmarking requirements year-round and nationwide. Aggregating your data should be painless, fast, and easy.
Learn MoreWe can employ a number of structures designed to help you capitalize on energy opportunities. Based on your properties, capabilities, and goals, we’ll help you evaluate whether project ownership makes sense for you, or whether a no-cost solution is optimal. The answer may vary from property to property, which we can accommodate.
Explore Structures

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/solutions/solar

Oppidan, Harrison Street, and Watermark Retirement Communities engaged Wunder to deploy an on-site solar system at Hacienda San Luis Rey, a new 212-unit luxury senior living community located in Oceanside, CA. The 419 kilowatt solar system delivers substantial energy bill savings, tangible progress against aggressive ESG goals, and clean energy for Hacienda San Luis Rey’s new residents.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/solutions/storage

Unlock new financial benefits, optimize property load, and enhance resiliency
While relatively new when compared to other energy technologies, battery storage solutions can now provide a host of benefits
Where utility programs are available, we can strategically sell stored energy into the grid when demand is high or outages are likely, earning credits and capturing incentives.
With variable rate plans—popular among utilities—we can leverage batteries so that your property uses stored energy when prices spike each day, saving money over time.
Battery storage can efficiently store on-site solar energy, allowing us to build larger solar systems, capture more solar energy, and offset more utility power throughout the night.
Rest easy and maintain critical services for energy-intensive facilities (e.g., data centers, hospitals, and cold storage) with reliable power from on-site batteries.
Wunder has the expertise, technical capabilities, and resources to meet your battery storage needs. Our process is designed to be efficient, thorough, and results-oriented.
At no cost, we'll evaluate your property, dig into your utility bill data, design storage solutions, and model potential incentives to identify the best opportunities.
We’ll present our findings, highlight key opportunities and technologies, and align on a storage deployment plan that makes sense for your property and stakeholders.
We’ll conduct a competitive RFP process to ensure the best market rate for installation and maximize your value. Our team will oversee installation from start to finish.
To ensure optimal performance, we provide complete management services for the life of each system, including 24/7 remote monitoring, operations, maintenance, and billing.
To ensure you capture the most value possible, we always run robust Request For Proposal (RFP) processes to secure multiple bids from pre-screened vendors, energy integrators, and hardware distributors. Where possible, we batch projects—sometimes across multiple clients—to unlock economies of scale and enable RFP participants to bid more aggressively.
With Wunder, you can move forward with confidence knowing that you're the beneficiary of any project value. Even after contracts are signed, if we uncover opportunities to improve project economics further—expected or unexpected—we’ll amend the agreements so you benefit.
While other solar providers may keep those benefits, we prioritize transparency and always put your interests first.
Seamlessly manage your national energy strategy with our centralized data-driven platform. Track portfolio progress, get project updates, receive notifications about emerging opportunities, monitor real-time production, and engage tenants with on-site system performance kiosks. And when reporting season arrives, your data is just a click away.
Explore Technology

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/solutions/ev-charging

Increase property value, attract tenants, meet entitlements, and hit ESG goals
Whether it's charging infrastructure for tenant vehicles, last mile delivery fleets, or electric forklifts, EV chargers are rapidly becoming critical business infrastructure. They can deliver a host of benefits for tenants, residents, and property owners.
With the rapid rise of electric vehicles, Wunder has developed the expertise, technical capabilities, and resources to meet your EV charging needs. It’s become increasingly common to include charging infrastructure when we’re deploying solar or battery storage solutions.
At no cost, we'll evaluate your property, dig into your use case (tenant needs, motivations, etc), and engineer multiple options to determine the best solution.
We’ll present our findings, highlight key opportunities and tradeoffs, and help you craft a deployment plan that makes sense for your property and stakeholders.
We’ll maximize your value by running a competitive RFP process to drive down installation and hardware costs, and we'll manage installation from start to finish.
To ensure optimal performance, we provide complete management services for the life of each charger, including 24/7 support, operations, maintenance, and billing .
To ensure you capture the most value possible, we always run robust Request For Proposal (RFP) processes to secure multiple bids from pre-screened vendors, energy integrators, and hardware distributors. Where possible, we batch projects—sometimes across multiple clients—to unlock economies of scale and enable RFP participants to bid more aggressively.
With Wunder, you can move forward with confidence knowing that you're the beneficiary of any project value. Even after contracts are signed, if we uncover opportunities to improve project economics further—expected or unexpected—we’ll amend the agreements so you benefit.
While other solar providers may keep those benefits, we prioritize transparency and always put your interests first.
Seamlessly manage your national energy strategy with our centralized data-driven platform. Track portfolio progress, get project updates, receive notifications about emerging opportunities, monitor real-time production, and engage tenants with on-site system performance kiosks. And when reporting season arrives, your data is just a click away.
Explore Technology

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/solutions/esg-reporting

Ace reporting season by accessing your full portfolio's energy data in one place
Effectively managing Renewable Energy Credits (RECs) associated with your energy projects can be critical to maximizing economic value, meeting ESG goals, and appropriately reporting your firm’s progress.
Wunder can help you quantify the RECs associated with each opportunity and determine the appropriate strategy (retirement, sale, acquisition, arbitrage, etc) on a case-by-case basis.
Whether you’re selling RECs (because they’re trading at a premium) or acquiring RECs (as “replacements,” or to meet remaining appetite), Wunder can facilitate these transactions on your behalf.
Wunder can provide all of the REC documentation required for ESG reporting purposes. Whether you’re retiring RECs, acquiring them, or selling them, we're happy to serve as your trusted REC resource.
In addition to supporting real estate owners and operators, Wunder works with tenants—and prospective tenants—directly to help them meet their own ESG reporting requirements.
Source: BDO USA
We work with some of the largest real estate firms in the country, many of whom have dedicated ESG teams and have invested considerable resources into their sustainability practices. But if you’re just getting started and you’re still figuring out what Scope 1 emissions are or how to pronounce GRESB, don’t worry — we can help get you up to speed! And we can also connect you with some of the top consultants and service providers our clients trust.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/how-it-works/project-structures

Based on your properties, capabilities, and goals, we’ll help you identify the optimal solution for your firm
Once you’ve selected an energy opportunity to pursue, the next step is to determine ‘how.’ Before construction ever starts, there are two aspects to every project that we’ll help you navigate. And as you might expect, there can be legal and financial implications for each.
Who will be the legal owner of the energy assets? Essentially, who is paying for the development and installation of the energy project?
How is the energy project going to be monetized (who is using and purchasing the power)? How are project revenues characterized?
We’ll work with you to identify an ownership structure that best suits your needs. The optimal solution may vary from property to property, which we’re set up to accommodate.
Separate from who owns a project and how it’s capitalized, there are multiple ways to monetize energy infrastructure. During our evaluation of your property, we’ll identify which utility and state programs are available, presenting you multiple options and their tradeoffs. Fortunately, Wunder can support all programs and project monetization strategies.
Allowed virtually everywhere, these energy solutions are engineered for on-site use only. Whether it's a solar system or a battery storage system, these solutions provide energy bill savings to on-site tenants and residents, typically by selling power using a simple Power Purchase Agreement (PPA).
Where available, these solutions may provide energy bill savings to on-site tenants, the surrounding community, or even the utility. Common examples include community solar (in which energy is sold to surrounding businesses and residences) and feed-in-tariff programs (where energy is sold directly to the utility).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/platform

Seamlessly inform, streamline, scale and report on your national energy strategy
More than a pretty (inter)face, Wunder's energy platform delivers clients real business value.
Wunder’s client portal serves as a centralized data-driven resource for managing your national energy strategy. It offers an integrated view of your portfolio, enabling you to track energy projects in development, analyze system-level details, and monitor real-time production metrics. And when reporting season arrives, your data is just a click away.
Our proprietary software can identify immediate opportunities across your portfolio, but it also continuously monitor your properties as markets and regulations shift. When new opportunities emerge due to changes in legislation, incentives, or economic conditions, you’ll be notified automatically.
Enhance your communal spaces with custom-branded dashboards that display real-time energy production data and system impact metrics. Keep your tenants, residents, employees, and community stakeholders informed and engaged by sharing valuable on-site energy insights.
Astra, Wunder’s proprietary software platform, has been purpose-built over the past 10+ years to analyze energy data, forecast market conditions, make real-time decisions, and provide the operational leverage necessary to strategically deploy energy solutions across nationwide real estate holdings.
Astra integrates project data, comprehensive market intelligence, and programmatic controls to establish a development platform that reduces project costs, improves speed, and systematically ensures high-quality development processes.
Programmatic orchestration of tasks across teams and third-party applications enables full or partial automation of critical development activities.
Rich project context, market knowledge, and client preferences are leveraged by purpose-built AI models to drive insight, execution, and anomaly detection.
Wunder’s project database is continuously analyzed to inform the team of potential issues, opportunities to increase client value, and side-effects of project modifications.
Lessons learned through project development are encoded into Astra’s programmatic rule set to ensure consistent results, lower costs, and improved scalability.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/resouces/sustainability

Since 2013, we’ve made it our express purpose and mission to fight climate change.
About UsWe help build hundreds of large-scale solar systems every year, and each system is expected to operate for 25+ years, producing clean energy for communities across the country.
of solar that we’ve developed to date
that we displace each year by offsetting their carbon pollution
of carbon dioxide we will displace this year (and save the atmosphere from)
of gasoline we displace each year by offsetting their carbon pollution
of coal burned that we displace each year by offsetting its carbon pollution
annual electricity usage offset each year by the solar projects we've deployed
Leading climate models unanimously project that our planet will warm significantly in the coming years, driving widespread environmental changes, threatening communities, and imposing profound economic costs.
From 1901 to 2024, the temperature rose approximately 2°F worldwide. 2023 was the warmest year since global records began in 1950—by a lot.
Due to climate change, the ocean is warmer, more acidic, and less productive today. Sea levels continues to rise at record rates due to ice loss in polar regions.
Climate change is already harming public health through air pollution, disease, extreme weather events, forced displacement, and food insecurity.
The good news is the energy transition is in full swing, and as our need for clean, renewable energy has risen, so too has renewable energy's ability to compete with traditional fossil fuels.
Over the past decade, the cost of solar power has fallen by 87%, and the cost of battery storage has fallen by 85% [source: MCC]. These cost reductions have been driven primarily by lower hardware costs (e.g., modules, inverters, batteries) and economies of scale unlocked by global adoption.
Renewable energy's rise to date has proven that when solutions get cheaper and faster to deploy, demand for them grows. For example, in 2004 it took one year to deploy 1 gigawatt of solar capacity in the U.S., but by 2023 1 gigawatt of solar was deployed in the U.S. every day (on average).
Over the past decade, U.S. solar generation has increased more than twelvefold. In the first half of 2024, 15.6 gigawatts of solar capacity was installed in the U.S., marking a 55% increase when compared to the same period in 2023. The IEA forecasts that by 2028, renewable energy will account for more than 42% of global electricity generation.
In 2023, global battery storage capacity additions reached nearly 42 gigawatts, doubling the previous year's figures and making battery storage the fastest-growing technology in the power sector. Similarly, the number of public EV charging points worldwide increased by more than 40% in 2023, with accelerated growth expected EV adoption reaches critical mass.
Our mission is critical, and so is having great people behind it. We’re always looking for the best and brightest to join the fight against climate change.
Careers at Wunder

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/press

Inside Self Storage
Yahoo Finance
LXP
Connect CRE
Business Wire
We’re always honored when people write about us. We want to get the word out about renewable energy, what we’re building, and how we’re fighting climate change. You can contact us at press@wunderpower.com.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/insights

Solutions
Explore
All Solutions
Technologies
Solar
Storage
EV Charging
Services
ESG Reporting
Portfolio Management
How it Works
Project Structures
Platform
Resources
Sustainability
Press
Blog
Our Company
Get Started
Blog
Wunder Insights
All Posts
Load More

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/case-study/jamestown-larkspur

Evaluation and deployment of solar across applicable sites within Jamestown’s real estate portfolio and development pipeline.
Jamestown, a global real estate investment and management firm with more than $11.7B in AUM, engaged Wunder to deploy a 350 kW solar energy system at The Exchange at Larkspur Landing, a 196,000 sf, 9.4-acre office campus north of San Francisco in Larkspur, California.
The system came online in June 2024 and is expected to generate 570,320 kWh of power in its first year of operation, delivering energy cost savings while offsetting more than 878,366 pounds of CO2 emissions.
“As a real estate owner/operator and developer, we recognize we have an important part to play in the clean energy transition,” said Michael Phillips, president of Jamestown. “Sustainability has long been at the forefront of our business strategy, and we believe it will be a core component of our future success.”
Since launching a sustainability program in 2008, Jamestown has integrated sustainable practices throughout its operations. After reaching its 20% energy and greenhouse gas reduction targets in 2020, Jamestown set a new goal of net zero operational carbon emissions by 2050. The firm has also adopted the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and Science Based Targets Initiative, pledging to reduce its property-generated and landlord-generated greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent by 2030, from a 2018 base-year, and to measure and reduce its third party-generated emissions.
In alignment with Jamestown’s broader sustainability goals, The Exchange at Larkspur Landing is anchored in environmental stewardship. All three buildings at the campus are LEED certified Platinum or Gold with an average 2023 ENERGY STAR score of 86. In addition to the solar energy system, the campus features a centrally located courtyard, abundant green space with outdoor seating, EV charging stations and bike parking.
Jamestown is a design-focused, vertically integrated real estate investment manager and service provider with over 40 years of experience and a mission to create places that inspire. Since its founding in 1983, Jamestown has executed transactions exceeding $40 billion. As of June 30, 2024, Jamestown has assets under management of $11.7 billion and a portfolio spanning key markets throughout the U.S., Latin America, and Europe. Jamestown employs approximately 500 people worldwide with 12 global offices, including headquarters in Atlanta and Cologne. Current and previous projects include One Times Square and Chelsea Market in New York, Industry City in Brooklyn, Ponce City Market in Atlanta, Ghirardelli Square in San Francisco, the Innovation and Design Buildings in Boston and Lisbon, and Groot Handelsgebouw in Rotterdam.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/careers

At Wunder we’re pursuing one of the only tangible opportunities to truly save the planet—and we could use your help!
Your job impacts nearly every facet of your life. We provide an extensive compensation and benefits package to ensure Wunder positively impacts your life both personally and professionally.
Support includes a generous professional development budget
Top-notch medical, dental, vision, life, disability, and 401k benefits
There are many great reasons to be “OOO,” and we support them
Everyone should feel ownership over their work—literally
Join a group that pulls—and lets loose—together, frequently
Wunder’s library budget is limitless, read whatever you want
Success at work shouldn’t mean sacrifice at home
Your dog is welcome to “support operations” from our HQ
Wunder believes connecting with your team members is instrumental to job satisfaction and your ability to solve complex problems. Facilitating opportunities that support team cohesion is more important than ever! You’ll find our team taking coffee walks or collaborating on Zoom, while also cycling, hiking, climbing, skiing, camping, and dining all over our mile-high home: Colorado.
We’re committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive workplace in which all employees have an opportunity to participate and contribute to the success of the business. At Wunder, people are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our commitment to equity is of course embodied in company policy, but it’s also evident every day in how we conduct business and the programs we provide.
We’re focused on tackling the largest opportunity to drive down U.S. carbon emissions: the commercial and industrial sectors. And while our impact to date speaks for itself, we could use your help.
of solar that we’ve developed to date
that we displace each year by offsetting their carbon pollution
of carbon dioxide we will displace this year (and save the atmosphere from)
of gasoline we displace each year by offsetting their carbon pollution
of coal burned that we displace each year by offsetting their carbon pollution
of coal burned that we displace each year by offsetting their carbon pollution
Don’t see a position that meets your unique skillset or background? Send your resumé and cover letter to hustle@wunderpower.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://wundercapital.com/case-study/hacienda

Deployment of solar across Harrison Street, Oppidan, and Watermark’s respective real estate portfolios and development pipelines.
Oppidan, Harrison Street, and Watermark Retirement Communities engaged Wunder to deploy an on-site solar system at Hacienda San Luis Rey, a new 212-unit luxury senior living community located in Oceanside, CA.
The 419 kilowatt solar system delivers substantial energy bill savings, tangible progress against aggressive ESG goals, and clean energy for Hacienda San Luis Rey’s new residents. The system came online October of 2024 and is expected to generate 659,720 kWh of power in its first year of operation alone - offsetting more than 1 million pounds of CO2 emissions.
The project leverages available roof and parking lot space without impinging on the property’s mission architecture or sprawling 35 acre campus, which includes multiple fine dining venues, piano bar, theater, spa and wellness center, fitness facilities, heated outdoor pool, pickleball courts, dog park, and the Watermark University Educational Center. Wunder hosted educational seminars for residents to ensure they were included throughout the process, including a community-wide ribbon cutting ceremony.
Dave Riess, CEO of Wunder, said, “It's wonderful when so many partners who share the same values can come together and collaborate on a project like this. This project exemplifies the power of sustainable energy solutions in driving economic and environmental progress. We’re grateful to Harrison Street, Oppidan, and Watermark for their vision and support, which has been instrumental. Together, we are setting a new standard for responsible and impactful development.”
Harrison Street is one of the leading investment management firms exclusively focused on alternative real assets. Since inception in 2005, the firm has created a series of differentiated investment solutions focused on demographic-driven, needs-based assets. The firm has invested across senior housing, student housing, healthcare delivery, life sciences, and storage real estate as well as social and utility infrastructure. Headquartered in Chicago with offices in London, New York, San Francisco, Tokyo, Toronto, and Washington DC, the firm has more than 240 employees and approximately $55 billion in assets under management. Harrison Street has had a formal sustainability initiative since 2013, which largely impacts how business decisions are made today.
Oppidan Investment Company is a national property development company with headquarters in Minnesota and offices in California and North Carolina. With more than 566 projects across 41 states and parts of Canada, Oppidan has successfully developed 26.4 million square feet valued at more than $4.9 billion. The wide range of services offered by Oppidan’s team includes asset management, construction management, property management, and capital markets, with a focus on the Retail, Housing, and Corporate Build To Suit sectors.
A privately held company with a reputation for over 30 years for service, innovation, integrity and financial stability, Watermark manages more than 65 retirement communities in 21 states coast to coast. Based in Tucson AZ, Watermark is ranked as the nation's 10th-leading senior housing operator by the American Seniors Housing Association. Watermark communities are known for highly trained and caring associates, a lifestyle built on choice, fine amenities, integrative wellness and innovative programs including the award-winning Watermark University featuring a wide variety of engaging classes for residents and area seniors.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------