ROOT: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:51:06.151984Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/

Powering Companies
with Clean, Sustainable Energy
Atlas is much more than megawatts
28 Projects
One of the largest renewables fleet in LatAm, totaling +7.5 GW
3,207 MW
of projects under development or construction
3,636 MW
of projects reached COD
+819M tons
of CO2 emissions avoided in 2023
+3M Homes
That could benefit from our energy production
$5B USD
Raised in credit products from more than a dozen banks across the globe
+6,000 People
Benefitted from our social and environmental programs
4,112 GWh
Generated by our projects yearly
Our team is formed by industry experts and innovators who strive for excellence to take your company's clean energy goals from concept to reality while being conscious of the environment and local communities.
Our clean energy solutions have helped our clients reduce risks, cut costs and reach their sustainability goals.
24/7 Clean Energy Supply
Customized PPAs
Regional Energy Portfolio
Clients that trust our clean energy solutions
Ready to power your operations sustainably?
Contact our team to get a personalized offer to meet your sustainability goals.
Contact us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/about/leadership

CEO & Founder
Chief Commercial Officer
Chief Operating Officer
Head of Asset Growth
General Counsel
Chief Financial Officer
Head of People & Communications
SVP & Head of Capital Solutions
Managing Director Capital Solutions
SVP Commercial Structuring & Risk
Regional Manager Chile & Southern Cone
Regional Manager Spain, Colombia & Mexico
Country Manager Brazil
Country Manager Colombia
Country Manager Mexico
SVP Commercial
Project Development Director
Head of Sustainability & ESG
Head of Corporate Accounting & Control
VP People
Head of Marketing & Communications

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/about

About us
Our company
Atlas at a glance
Atlas Renewable Energy was founded in 2017 by a team of executives with an exceptional track record in pioneering numerous global renewable energy projects and industry trends. Initially supported by the Actis Group - its largest investment to date - Atlas quickly became Latin America's largest privately-owned renewables independent power producer (IPP) and one of the world's fastest-growing renewable energy companies. Today, the company is backed by Global Infrastructure Partners (GIP), a leading infrastructure fund manager with a renewable energy portfolio of over 19 GW of operating and construction capacity worldwide. With an unwavering commitment to excellence, Atlas adheres to rigorous standards in the development, construction, and operation of large-scale renewable energy projects across all regions of operation. Currently, the company boasts one of the largest fleets of renewable energy projects in the Americas with an asset base of more than 8.4 GW, of which 3.6 GW are operational and 3.2 GW are in advanced development or construction stages.
Where our vision meets action
Atlas Renewable Energy develops, finances, builds, and operates clean energy projects while prioritizing community engagement. With our award-winning financing methods, full-cycle business model, and industry-leading project completion rate, partnering with Atlas guarantees reliability and agility.
Our pillars of expertise
Backed by robust investment
Our clean energy solutions are backed by custom financial structures developed in partnership with robust financial institutions, ensuring the highest commitment to responsible practices and ESG standards.
Our projects are financed through Atlas’ Green Finance Framework
Green finance framework
Second party opinion by Sustainalytics

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/projects

We are committed to
delivering best-in-class
clean energy projects.
Our footprint
Securing an industry-leading project completion rate, serving diverse markets with complex energy needs.
Innovative energy solutions
Our project portfolio
Country
All countries (20)
Bess del Desierto
BESS del Desierto is a stand-alone battery energy storage system currently under construction.
Draco
The Draco solar plant is currently under development and will service multiple clients.
Shangri-La
Shangri-La is currently operating and holds a long-term PPA under Atlas Renewable Energy. The 201-MWp solar plant reached COD in November 2025, marking a major milestone for clean energy in Colombia.
Luiz Carlos
Luiz Carlos is currently operating and was developed under a BOT structure with ArcelorMittal. The 315-MWp centralized solar plant reached COD in 2025, marking the steelmaker’s first solar facility in Brazil. Following the start of operations, Atlas began the full transfer of asset ownership to ArcelorMittal Brazil under the terms of the agreement.
Vista Alegre
Vista Alegre is currently operating and holds a long-term PPA with Albras. The project reached COD in 2025.
La Pimienta
La Pimienta is currently operating and holds a 15-year PPA with CFE Suministro Basico. The project reached COD in 2022.
Guajiro
Guajiro is currently operating and holds a 15-year PPA with CFE Suministro Basico. The project reached COD in 2019.
Boa Sorte
Boa Sorte is currently operating and holds a 20-year PPA with ALBRAS. The project reached COD in 2024.
Lar Do Sol
Atlas Renewable Energy developed, built, and operated Lar do Sol from 2017-2024. Currently, the plant is owned and managed by Engie Brasil Energias Complementares Participaçõpes after a successful sale in 2024.
Casablanca
Casablanca is currently operating and holds a 15-year PPA with Anglo American. The project reach COD in 2022.
Jacaranda
Jacaranda is currently operating and holds a 15-year PPA with Dow Inc. The project reached COD in 2021.
Sertão Solar
Atlas Renewable Energy developed, built, and operated Sertão Solar from 2017-2024. Currently, the plant is owned and managed by Engie Brasil Energias Complementares Participaçõpes after a successful sale in 2024.
Sol Do Futuro
Atlas Renewable Energy developed, built, and operated Sol do Futuro from 2017-2024. Currently, the plant is owned and managed by Engie Brasil Energias Complementares Participaçõpes after a successful sale in 2024.
São Pedro
Atlas Renewable Energy developed, built, and operated São Pedro from 2017-2024. Currently, the plant is owned and managed by Engie Brasil Energias Complementares Participaçõpes after a successful sale in 2024.
Eng. Manoel De Andrade
Atlas Renewable Energy developed, built, and operated Eng. Manoel de Andrade from 2017-2024. Currently, the plant is owned and managed by Engie Brasil Energias Complementares Participaçõpes after a successful sale in 2024.
Del Litoral
Del Litoral is currently operating and holds a 30-year PPA with UTE. The project reached COD in 2017.
El Naranjal
El Naranjal is currently operating and holds a 30-year PPA with UTE. The project reached COD in 2017.
Sol Del Desierto
Sol del Desierto is currently operating and holds a 15-year PPA with Engie Energia Chile. The project reached COD in 2022.
Quilapilun
Quilapilun is currently operating and holds a 15-year PPA. The project reached COD in 2017.
Javiera
Javiera is currently operating and holds a 20-year PPA with Minera Los Pelambres (Antofagasta Minerals). The project reached COD in 2015.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/our-offer

We are determined to drive
the shift toward sustainable energy.
Our offer
Creating innovative and tailored clean energy solutions to accelerate your company’s sustainable growth.
Our clean energy solutions
Our clean energy solutions
24/7 PPAs
Clean energy when you need, as much as you need, by combining more than one clean energy technology to supply energy even at night. See how we are helping to energize Codelco's operations through a 24/7 PPA with battery storage technology. Contact us to see if a 24/7 PPA is right for your energy needs.
Regional Energy Portfolio
Project portfolio across multiple markets allows for diversified production along a smooth supply curve. Whether your projects are in different regions or states, Atlas can help structure your regional energy portfolio. Check out our wind PPA with Enel in Chile.
Joint Venture / Tailor-made PPA
Customized PPAs account for seasonality, hour modulation, and other specific needs. With joint ventures and tailored made PPAs, Atlas can help your company cut costs and reach your sustainability goals. See how we helped ALBRAS, Brazil’s largest aluminum producer, secure clean energy for their production facility.
Renewable Energy Certificates
Atlas provides Renewable Energy Certificates (I-RECs) for international and national companies with operations in Brazil. Companies with smaller energy supply needs often prefer RECs because they can offset carbon emissions without committing to a long-term agreement. Atlas’ RECs also come with the added value of fostering all 17 of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Find out if I-RECs are the correct energy solution for your company.
Interested in powering your company with renewable energy?
Get in touch, and let's build a tailored solution that meets your company’s energy needs.
Contact us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/sustainability

Sustainability ー Our approach
We are devoted to making
a long-lasting positive
contribution to society.
Striving to be socially and environmentally responsible not because it is required but because it is the right thing to do.
Our approach
At Atlas, we are determined to accelerate the energy transition and to do so in a responsible and sustainable way. Our approach to sustainability is guided by the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Our strategy is implemented throughout our organization from our corporate offices and projects to our host communities. By working together, leading by example and setting new sustainable standards for our industry, we aim to inspire and become a force for good wherever we go.
Our focus with host communities
Working together with our host communities is something that sets us apart. We are on a mission to ignite positive change in the areas that we believe matter the most: education, social justice and sustainable living.
Bolstering Quality Education
We believe in promoting education and building capacities to elevate and develop communities. By providing resources to local schools and institutions and creating initiatives to upskill locals, we aim to create a long-lasting positive impact for years to come.
Advocating For Gender Equality
Creating equal opportunities and opening spaces for underrepresented groups in our industry to be part of the energy transition has been a major focus for our company. We have focused our efforts to address unconscious biases and tackle the existing gender gap within our industry.
Enhancing Sustainable Living
We work with local communities to instill, provide and contribute to long lasting sustainable living practices, to help protect and enhance local ecosystems, aid in the local economy and provide resources for the community’s sustainable future.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/sustainability/diversity-and-inclusion

Sustainability ー D&I
Fostering Inclusion
Creating a culture of inclusion
With offices and operations across seven countries, we understand the value and benefit that diversity brings to society and business.
We are committed
to enhancing diversity and creating a culture of inclusion for all our employees and stakeholders, including the communities where we operate.
We do not discriminate
based on gender, ethnicity, religion, culture, education, or sexual orientation. Nor do we discriminate based on someone’s political views, age, marital status, or other factors.
We believe in diversity
that our diversity makes us stronger and better equipped to meet and overcome the challenges faced by people across all the countries where we have a presence.
We promote and operate an inclusive workplace
for our employees. As a business, we take a firm stance on behavior or attitudes that counter our values.
Fair Recruiting Policies
At a corporate level, we have implemented fair recruiting policies, such as our blind resume initiative, to avoid unconscious biases throughout the recruiting process. This has allowed us to build a team of great individuals who excel at what they do and bring their diverse backgrounds and experiences to enrich our company's ways of doing business.
We are all part of the same energy
The idea of creating opportunities for all and promoting diversity and inclusion has been expanded to our operations and communities by the program “We are all part of the same energy". Launched in 2020, the program is designed to improve access to technical skills training for local underrepresented groups interested in new employment and entrepreneurial opportunities.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/sustainability/communities

Sustainability ー Communities
Helping Communities Thrive
Working with our host communities
Since 2017, Atlas has invested in local communities and forged long-term relationships by placing integrity, transparency and ethics at the core of our business. Our approach consists of closely working with our host communities to design programs that help communities thrive and bring positive and long-lasting impacts.
Ed-Mundo Program
Our Ed-Mundo program was implemented to help kids near one of our projects to learn about computer programming languages and entrepreneurship, with the end goal to introduce these technologies and spark interest in the STEM field. Program alumni come back to help teach a new generation of programmers and entrepreneurs.
Project Carmen
In 2021, we launched Project Carmen to help a community of 300 people in Campeche, Mexico, have access to the public health system and the nearest hospital was 40km away. This initiative provided medical infrastructure and training to local women to increase health standards and create a basis for healthcare services that the local community can sustain.
Ecociclo Program
Our Ecociclo initiative was established with a clear purpose: to create an eco-friendly water sanitation cycle and promote sustainable production actions. With the local host community, we secured community health practices and bolstered food security through the implementation of eco-pits that effectively help treat household sewage water and later use it to grow and harvest fruits and vegetables.
The Pale Blue Dot
Working in partnership with The Pale Blue Dot, an organization that promotes long-term educational projects, we designed and built a digital classroom program in eight schools and a public library in the local area. The program delivered internet access through satellite and reception equipment; provided tablets and virtual reality equipment, which enabled a novel learning experience for school children in the area; and delivered a new set of content for lessons to be taught from.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/sustainability/environment

Sustainability ー Environment
Protecting our environment
Renewables for nature
As a renewable energy platform, we are committed to safeguarding ecosystems through reforestation programs and wildlife conservation initiatives, which align with our overarching sustainability strategy.
Reforestation Initiative
Preserving and enhancing local ecosystems is a top priority for us. We monitor vulnerable flora, create plant nurseries in our projects and plant tree seedlings through community reforestation initiatives.
Protecting Local Species
An essential part of sustainability is protecting vulnerable species. At Atlas, we have conserved more than 1,229 ha of forest and grassland habitat in a local community near one of our operating projects to safeguard species such as the yellow-headed parrot and the black howler monkey species.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/sustainability/health-and-safety

Sustainability ー Health & Safety
Health and safety at work
Creating a culture of Health & Safety
We aim to deliver a safe and reliable work environment for all our employees, whether in an office, on a construction site, or at a fully operational plant. Our H&S team has successfully implemented and promoted a culture of safety by creating initiatives like the Safety School to standardize our safety protocols. This program is implemented in the construction phase of our projects, where Atlas personnel and contractors create safety awareness, restate our commitment to H&S, increase effective communication, understand and point out risk perception, and create an inclusive and respectful environment.
Our contribution
Our trainings and safety school contributed to our team achieving more than 5,000,000 man-hours without lost time incidents.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/join-us

Join us
Vibrant & unconventional culture
Energy is a fundamental need, and it ignites development in our society. We understand the urgency to adopt cleaner energy sources to 100% and while we accelerate this transition, we strive to excel at doing so respectfully and responsibly.
To get there, we have a vibrant and unconventional culture. It is not only our great people who make Atlas succeed but also the unique way our people come together as a community united by purpose, key values, and core behaviors. Moreover, we steadily increase our diversity, thus bringing value and fostering a more innovative, invigorating, and collaborative organization. All of this constitutes what we call our Atlas DNA.
People fuel our energy
In our journey to be a force for good, we strive to attract and hire the best human beings that also excel at what they do. We value excellence, collaboration, integrity, inclusion, innovation, and passion.
Our motto is “People working together for a common purpose is what makes Atlas succeed.” We pride ourselves on having great people working together as a community where our diversity brings value and fosters a more innovative, invigorating, creative, collaborative, and thriving organization.
Living our values
Our values define us and guide us. Joining the Atlas community means aligning with our purpose and core behaviors and fostering a more innovative and collaborative organization.
Join us
Be part of the change. Send us your resume from the contact form.
Contact us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/news-and-insights

Latin America as a Digital Hub: Logistical Variables for Scaling Data Centers in the Region
WEF 2026 Highlighted Renewable Ambition. Energy Storage Is How to Deliver It
Renewables unlock a new competitive era for steel
Atlas Renewable Energy advances towards 1 GW goal in Colombia with new long-term PPA

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/contact

Contact
Contact us
Get a personalized offer
Fill the form below, and someone from our team will be in touch with you.
Want to join our team?
Fill out the form below and upload your resume.
Want to just get in touch? Please send us an email to:
[email protected]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/contact/iris

Contact
IRIS - Confidential Compliance Reporting System
Atlas Renewable Energy is in constant pursuit to build a more inclusive and transparent organization, a place in which not just our collaborators but also our partners and providers can feel safe and well-regarded. With that in mind, we created Iris, a discreet and confidential compliance reporting system where you can inform us of any act that doesn’t align with our values. If you or someone you know has been subject to, witnessed, or have knowledge of abuse, harassment, acts of corruption, bribery, or other improper conduct at Atlas Renewable Energy, please report it through Iris, our Confidential Compliance Reporting System.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Living our values
Our values define us and guide us. Joining the Atlas community means aligning with our purpose and core behaviors and fostering a more innovative and collaborative organization.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://es.atlasrenewableenergy.com/

Atlas Renewable Energy
fue fundada por un experimentado equipo con una reconocida y exitosa trayectoria en energías renovables. Desde su inicio en 2017, la compañía ha sido reconocida por su conocimiento de la industria, agilidad y soluciones de energía limpia hechas a la medida para grandes consumidores de energía en las Américas y Europa.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://pt.atlasrenewableenergy.com/

Atlas Renewable Energy
foi fundada por uma equipe experiente com um histórico comprovado de sucesso em energia renovável. Desde sua criação em 2017, a empresa tem sido reconhecida por seu conhecimento da indústria, agilidade e soluções de energia limpa feitas sob medida para grandes consumidores de energia nas Américas.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://pt.atlasrenewableenergy.com/relacao-com-investidores/

Central Fotovoltaica São Pedro II S.A.
Fato Relevante
25 de outubro de 2022
Demonstrações Financeiras
Exercício 2021
Central Fotovoltaica São Pedro IV S.A.
Fato Relevante
Exercício 2021
Demonstrações Financeiras
Exercício 2021
Central Fotovoltaica São Pedro II S.A.
Demonstrações Financeiras
Exercício 2020
Central Fotovoltaica São Pedro IV S.A.
Demonstrações Financeiras
Exercício 2020
Central Fotovoltaica São Pedro II S.A.
Demonstrações Financeiras
Exercício 2019
Central Fotovoltaica São Pedro IV S.A.
Demonstrações Financeiras
Exercício 2019
Central Fotovoltaica São Pedro II S.A.
Ata da Assembleia Geral Extraordinária da São Pedro II S.A.
Aprovação 1º Aditamento da Escritura de Emissão Debentures
Demonstrações Financeiras
Exercício 2018
Demonstrações Financeiras
Exercícios 2017 e 2016
Central Fotovoltaica São Pedro IV S.A.
Ata da Assembleia Geral Extraordinária da São Pedro IV S.A.
Aprovação Emissão Debentures
Demonstrações Financeiras
Exercício 2018
Demonstrações Financeiras
Exercícios 2017 e 2016

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://live.atlasrenewableenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Atlas-Renewable-Energy-Code-of-Conduct.pdf

CODE OF CONDUCT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Atlas Renewable Energy 
Legal Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 

2 
Preface 
 
 
This policy applies to all companies in the Atlas Renewable Energy platform which are majority 
owned (collectively “Atlas”). All such companies must adopt this policy in its entirety if not 
prohibited by contract, statute or business conditions in which case these companies should 
align their existing policies with this policy, to the extent applicable. For companies in which Atlas 
does not have control, Atlas representatives on the boards (or the equivalent) of such companies 
should seek adoption of this policy and its principles. 
 
Prohibitions in adopting this policy in whole or in part should be reported to the Atlas General 
Counsel promptly upon discovery. 
 
Atlas companies may supplement the contents of this policy with additional material if the 
additions do not override or conflict with this policy. 

3 
 
 
I. A MESSAGE FROM OUR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
Our brand and its underpinning values is at the core of everything we do, who we are, how we 
behave and how we relate to the outside world: 
 
▪ we act with integrity and respect 
▪ we are passionate in all we do 
▪ we love excellence 
▪ we embrace opportunity 
▪ we build for a sustainable future 
 
Underpinning these values, this Code of Conduct sets out the most important standards and 
rules that Atlas and its directors, officers and employees (collectively, the “Employees”) are 
expected to follow and the behavior that Atlas expects its Employees to adopt. 
 
Today’s competitive markets and the accompanying pressures to meet objectives must not be 
used as excuses to avoid following our ethics, either on an individual or a corporate basis. Our 
Employees are expected to follow the Code of Conduct, and to comply w ith both the spirit and 
the letter of the law in all jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 
Core to our prevention efforts and to protecting our company’s integrity is the practice of 
transparency. We need to keep this concept top of mind and always ensure a transparent 
approach to how we conduct ourselves individually in Atlas. A simple directiv e in following the 
Code of Conduct is: Always do the right thing. 
Ask yourself: 
• Will my action violate the laws, the Code or any Atlas policies? 
• Will I or others feel inappropriately obligated by the action? 
• Will my objectivity or the objectivity of others be affected? 
• Could the situation appear improper? 
• Am I putting others in an uncomfortable ethical position by my actions? 
 
If you cannot clearly answer “no” to all of the above questions, seek guidance -- from your 
supervisor, from the General Counsel or from the CEO. Our approach is preventive, so always 
seek early guidance before a matter becomes into a problem. 
 
Please read and follow the Code of Conduct. We are all held accountable to this standard. Let’s 
be proud of cementing our company’s successes with the strong ethical values that we share as 
members of the Atlas family. 
 
 
Carlos Barrera 
Chief Executive Officer 


4 
 
II. OUR COMMITMENT TO DO THE RIGHT THING 
 
We must do the right thing in the right way. We must make all business decisions with strict 
integrity within the law and regulatory requirements. The Code of Conduct (the “Code”) should 
be used as a tool to help us arrive at ethical business decisions, while emphasizing our corporate 
culture. 
 
2.1 How to Use the Code 
 
The Code is a resource to assist us in acting ethically and responsibly in our business 
environment. It is not intended to cover every issue or detail but should be used as a reference 
guide. As is repeated throughout the Code, when in doubt about any issue, Employees should 
contact their supervisor, the Legal group or the Head of Human Resources. 
 
2.2 Application of the Code 
 
Atlas and all of its Employees are expected to abide by the Code strictly and at all times. All 
Employees must familiarize themselves with it. As far as the nature of each relationship permits, 
all principles and rules set out in the Code shall apply to the relationships Atlas has with 
subcontractors, agents, consultants, interns and trainees. 
The Code is not static. Our operating environment, applicable laws and managerial best 
practices may change. This may lead to changes or additions to the Code. These will be 
communicated in a timely and appropriate manner. 
 
Atlas monitors compliance with the Code and internal practice reviews and audits may be 
conducted from time to time in this respect. 
 
2.3 Reporting a Possible Code Violation 
 
If an Employee is aware of a possible violation of the Code, improper accounting or financial 
reporting, or has a question as to whether a situation is a possible violation of the Code, he or 
she should contact any of the following individuals: 
 
• Their Supervisor; 
• General Counsel; 
• Head of Human Resources; or 
• CEO. 
 
Atlas has a separate Whisteblower Policy with respect to reports of corporate wrongdoing, or 
concerns regarding malpractice. This process is separate and apart from the reporting processes 
mentioned above. It is intended to be used where an employee has serious and justifiable doubts 
about the willingness and ability of his or her supervisor to act appropriately on such information. 

5 
2.4 Investigation of a Possible Code or Accounting Violation 
 
All reports will be investigated; however, if a reporting person chooses to remain anonymous, 
the scope and outcome of the investigation may be impacted. It is important that reporting 
persons not conduct their own investigations. Investigations of alleged violations may involve 
complex legal issues, and Employees acting on their own may compromise the integrity of the 
investigation. 
 
2.5 For Guidance on the Code 
 
If an Employee has questions about the Code or the issues covered by the Code or if he or she 
needs guidance regarding a business practice, he or she should contact any of the following: 
 
• Their Supervisor; 
• General Counsel; or 
• Head of Human Resources. 
 
2.6 Retaliation Is Prohibited 
 
No one will be subject to retaliation or reprisals because of a good faith report of suspected 
misconduct (including a report made pursuant to the Atlas Whisteblower Policy). Atlas will not 
tolerate any harassment or intimidation of anyone who makes a report in good faith. 
 
2.7 Consequences of Violating the Code 
 
Atlas uses every reasonable effort to prevent the occurrence of conduct not in compliance with 
the Code and to halt any such conduct that may occur as soon as reasonably possible after its 
discovery. Violation of the Code subjects the Employee to disciplinary action, including, but not 
limited to, possible suspension or termination of employment and such other action as Atlas 
believes to be appropriate under the circumstances. 
The Human Resources Department shall be involved in decisions regarding follow -up or 
disciplinary actions to drive consistent administration of disciplinary actions across the 
organization, while taking into consideration the unique characteristics of a particular situation. 
 
2.8 No Rights Created 
 
The Code is a statement of the fundamental principles and key policies and procedures that 
govern the conduct of the company’s business. It is not intended to and does not create any 
rights in favor of, or any obligations to, any director, employee, client , supplier, competitor, 
stockholder or any other person or entity. 

6 
 
 
III. COMMITMENT TO THE COMPANY 
3.1 Financial Integrity and Compliance with the Applicable Law 
 
Every Atlas company and its Employees should make sure to act with financial integrity in all 
circumstances. 
 
All the books and records of companies within Atlas should reflect transactions in conformity 
with all applicable local and international accounting principles. Misrepresentation, false 
statements, forgery, backdating or other deliberate acts resulting in inaccurate records or 
financials are not permitted and will not be tolerated. 
 
The transparency and accuracy of written records and verbal statements utilized in the 
company’s financial reporting processes along with clear and understandable financial reporting 
are critical to the company’s success and reputation. 
 
3.2 Protection and Proper Use of the Company Resources 
Atlas’ assets are to be used in a responsible and professional manner at all times. These assets 
include, but are not limited to, equipment, supplies, real estate, tools, inventory, funds in any 
form, computer systems and software, intellectual property, confidential or sensitive information, 
and voice and electronic mail communications. We have a duty to protect Atlas’ assets from 
misuse, theft, loss, damage or infringement. Any use of these assets other than for Atlas’ 
business (e.g. personal use, community or charitable endeavou rs) should be avoided and 
requires express authorisation by local management. 
 
The use of Atlas’ assets for personal gain or illegal purposes is prohibited. Any case that may 
objectively be ambiguously construed as such this must be informed immediately up the 
management chain for transparency. 
 
Employees must always use the correct headed paper, forms, brochures, etc. Headed paper 
and forms, bearing the logo of Atlas Renewable Energy are to be used solely for business 
purposes and may not be handed out blank to clients or third parties. 
 
Events and presentations in the name of Atlas Renewable Energy and the use of its logo are 
permitted only for business purposes. 
3.3 Computer and Communication Resources 
 
Our computer and communication resources (including but not limited to telephones, computers, 
electronic networks, email, long -distance services, cellular phones, technical support services, 
etc.) are the property of Atlas. They are intended for business use and should be used in good 
faith and in full compliance with the law. 
 
• All data created, received, or sent with the company’s systems is the property of Atlas. 
 
• Atlas reserves the right to destroy files without notice. Users should expect files that are not 
relevant to Atlas’ business to be deleted without chance of restoration. All file destruction and 

7 
retention decisions shall be carried out in accordance with the company’s Record Retention 
Policy. 
 
• Users should have no expectations of privacy when using the company’s systems. 
 
• Atlas reserves the right to access all stored email messages, voice mail messages, data and 
other information at any time and without the user’s prior knowledge or consent. 
 
• It is expressly prohibited to access or store illegal, offensive or inappropriate materials of any 
kind on an Atlas computer. 
 
• Employees must protect the confidentiality of the company’s information. Before an IT asset 
is donated, all company data must be removed. 
 
• Software may not be copied for other kinds of business or home use, or shared with others 
unless an appropriate license is executed. 
 
• User passwords must comply with requirements and directives communicated by the 
company from time to time. It is important to safeguard passwords and follow all directions 
concerning systems security. Users are solely responsible for the protection of thei r 
passwords. Passwords are not to be shared by two or more people. Security is the 
responsibility of all who use the company’s computer and communication resources. 
 
• Employees must respect the confidentiality of other people’s electronic communications and 
data. We must not attempt to hack into third party systems, read other people’s logins or 
“crack” others’ passwords, or breach computer or network security measures. 
 
• Employees may not connect incompatible equipment to the company’s communication 
services and equipment. 
 
• Users must not use any files or software that has been infected with a virus. If an Employee 
believes that they have received a virus, they should immediately notify the IT representatives 
in Atlas to remove the virus and alert those who may have received a copy and are at risk of 
being infected. Employees may not install any personal software on the company’s 
computers. 
Use of company -provided access to the internet is intended to be primarily for the company’s 
business-related purposes. However, within reasonable limits, computer and communication 
resources may be used for personal reasons so long as: 
 
• The user practices prudence and good judgment; 
 
• It does not affect the user’s productivity or interfere with work duties; 
 
• It does not reflect negatively on Atlas; 
 
• It does not involve any illegal, offensive or inappropriate materials of any kind; and 

8 
• Any personal correspondence or communication does not appear to be an official 
communication of Atlas. 
Atlas reserves the right to review and/or monitor use of its computer and communication 
resources, including communications or other information that may be transmitted by or stored 
or contained in computer and communication resources. Therefore, Employees should not use 
company computer and communication resources for personal use with the expectation that the 
information will remain confidential. If an Employee wishes to keep personal information private, 
it should not be created, transmitted or stored on the company’s systems. 
 
3.4 Confidential and Proprietary Information 
 
Atlas is and remains the owner of all information created by its Employees during their 
employment by Atlas that relates to the business, goods, or services of the company, irrespective 
of where such information is stored or maintained, e.g., in electronic form on Atlas or Employee 
computers, in paper format, or on CDs, diskettes or other transportable media. 
 
Employees must be aware of their duty to protect our trade secrets, confidential and proprietary 
information, and any such third-party information that our suppliers, Employees and customers 
have entrusted to us. This information is a valuable company asset. Trade secrets and 
confidential or proprietary information should never be discusse d in public places, disclosed to 
Employees (or others) who do not have a need to know, or used in an unlawful or unauthorized 
manner. Failure to protect this information can lead to legal actions, damage Atlas’ reputation, 
and impair our competitive position. 
In general, confidential and proprietary information includes information that has not been 
disclosed to the public and gives Atlas an advantage over competitors and could cause harm if 
disclosed inappropriately. 
 
Confidential and Proprietary Information may include: 
 
• Technical, business, financial or other information that might be of use to competitors, of 
interest to the press, or harmful to Atlas or its customer’s or suppliers if disclosed; 
 
• Information about the company’s financial condition, prospects or plan and information 
relating to mergers, acquisitions and divestitures; 
 
• Information about potential transactions with other companies and information about our 
suppliers, customers or joint venture partners which Atlas is under an obligation to maintain 
as confidential; 
 
• Discussions and deliberations relating to business issues and decisions; or 
 
• Employee information and records. 

9 
If an Employee is unsure about whether information should be treated as confidential or 
proprietary, they should consult with their supervisor or the Legal group. An Employee’s 
obligation to treat information as confidential does not end when they leave At las. Upon the 
termination of their relationship with Atlas, Employees must return everything that belongs to 
Atlas or to its suppliers, customers, business partners or employees, including all documents 
and other materials containing confidential or propri etary information. Employees must not 
disclose confidential or proprietary information to a new employer or to others after ceasing to 
be an Atlas Employee. 
 
Likewise, Employees may not disclose a previous employer’s confidential information to Atlas, 
although they may use general skills and knowledge acquired during their previous employment. 
 
3.5 Conflicts of Interest 
 
At Atlas, we make our business decisions based on what is in the best interest of the company, 
not on personal considerations or relationships. 
 
Employees should avoid conflicts of interest in performing their day -to-day business activities, 
as well as in other outside non -professional activities. A conflict of interest arises when an 
Employee has a personal or business interest that interferes with or influences their independent 
judgment and objectivity in the best interest of Atlas. Employees should avoid situations that 
may place or appear to place their personal or business interests in opposition to the best 
interests of Atlas. In addition, the mere perception of a conflict of interest must be avoided. 
Perception can be just as damaging to Atlas’ reputation and that of the Employee, as any real 
conflict. 
 
An Employee faces a conflict of interest when the Employee’s personal relationships, interest in 
another venture or participation in external activities influences or could be perceived to influence 
the Employee’s decisions. 
Determining whether a conflict exists is not always straightforward, and not all conflicts can be 
avoided. However, every Employee has a strict duty to disclose to the General Counsel any 
actual conflict of interest that arises. When in doubt regarding a s ituation that may be, or may 
appear to be, a conflict, it is best to disclose and seek guidance. Here are some guidelines to 
help identify and avoid conflict situations: 
 
A. Outside Employment in General 
 
Any outside employment, activity or service that an Employee performs must not harm or 
interfere with their job performance at Atlas. Therefore, Employees should not be involved in 
outside business interests that inappropriately divert time and energy from their duties for Atlas 
or that require work during the workday. 

10 
B. Outside Employment or Directorships with Competitors, Customers and Suppliers 
 
Employees may never be employed by, serve as a director of, or represent a competitor of Atlas. 
Without prior written approval from the General Counsel, we cannot be employed by, serve as 
a director of, or represent a supplier or service provider of the company or a customer of the 
company. 
 
Consult with the General Counsel on situations with competitors, customers and suppliers that 
may be, or appear to be, in question or raise a conflict issue in your mind. 
 
In light of their other relationships, from time to time directors may have business dealings with 
competitors. Directors should take special care in their relationships with competitors to ensure 
that their obligations to Atlas are not compromised. Any such relationships should be disclosed 
to the Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
 
C. Investments 
 
Employees, who directly or indirectly hold or acquire a stake in a competitor company, must 
disclose this fact to the General Counsel if this stake gives them influence over the management 
of the company. It can be assumed, as a general rule, that the possibility of exerting influence 
on the management exists when the stake exceeds 5% of a competitor company’s total capital. 
Directors should disclose such ownership to the Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
 
Employees who directly or indirectly hold or acquire an interest in an Atlas business partner or 
a company in which Atlas has ownership shares also must disclose this fact to the General 
Counsel if they have dealings with the business partner or company in the course of their official 
duties or if they will hold a position in that company. For shares in listed companies, this applies 
only if the interest exceeds 5% of total equity. Directors should disclose such ownership to the 
Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
 
Once an interest in a third-party company has been disclosed, Atlas may take suitable measures 
to eliminate any conflict of interest. 
 
Employees should not (i) participate in initial public offerings of debt or equity or (ii) accept special 
investment opportunities from suppliers, vendors or customers if in either situation, the general 
public does not have access to the same information without first disclosin g this information to, 
and seeking guidance from the General Counsel. 
 
D. Family Members and Close Personal Relationships 
 
Conflicts of interest often arise when doing business with or competing with a company in which 
our family or friends have an investment or employment interest. Employees cannot influence 
Atlas to conduct business with a company in which they or their family member or friend has an 
interest. In the event such a relationship exits, it must be disclosed to the supervisor, HR Director 
and General Counsel, and they may not participate in the company’s decision to do business 
with the related entity or participate in any decisions relating to the terms or conditions of such 
transaction. 

11 
E. Employment of Closely Related Persons 
 
Candidates for employment at Atlas are expected to inform the hiring supervisor or Human 
Resources of relatives or household members who work for Atlas. Similarly, Employees of Atlas 
are expected to inform the hiring supervisor or Human Resources if they are aware that relatives 
or household members are interviewing for employment at Atlas. 
 
Employees who are in a management or supervisory position may not supervise or have control 
over one of their relatives or someone with whom they are in a relationship. In addition, related 
Employees will not share responsibility for control or audit of the same assets or audit the work 
of one another. 
 
F. Business Arrangements with the Company 
 
Atlas employees may not participate in a joint venture, partnership or other business 
arrangement with Atlas without prior written approval from the Chief Executive Officer. Directors 
must obtain prior written approval from the Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
 
G. Improper Personal Benefits from the Company 
 
Neither we nor members of our families may accept any benefits from Atlas that have not been 
duly authorized and approved in line with company policies. 
 
H. Gifts, Meals, Services & Entertainment 
 
Giving and receiving gifts, meals, or entertainment is an important means of building and 
maintaining legitimate business alliances. It is important to be sensible when accepting gifts, 
meals or entertainment in order to maintain trust and integrity with our business associates. Atlas 
Employees should never accept a gift, meal, service or entertainment that might be intended to 
influence or appear to compromise their business decision. Employees should never give or 
receive cash as a gift. 
Gifts, meals, services or entertainment, either given or received, with a value between US $200 
and US $500 per person should be reported to the General Counsel and be included on the 
Atlas Gift List. 
 
Gifts, meals, services or entertainment with a value of over US$500 per person should not 
be accepted until approved by the Chief Executive Officer (or by the Board of Directors, if to 
be provided to the Chief Executive Officer, or by the Chairman of the Board of Directors if 
provided to a director) and be included on the Atlas Gift List. If it is not practicable to obtain such 
prior approval (e.g., a gift arrives in the mail or is presented in a public forum), Employees should 
request approval to retain the item as soon as possible after receiving it. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any gifts, meals, services or entertainment provided to or 
from Government Officials must comply with the rules set out in the Atlas Anti -Bribery 
and Anti -Corruption Policy regardless of the value of the gifts, meals, services or 
entertainment. 

12 
In light of their other relationships, directors may receive gifts or business courtesies not related 
to their service to Atlas. This Code section covers only those gifts, meals or entertainment 
received in connection with directors’ service to Atlas. 
 
I. Bribes and Kickbacks 
 
Giving or receiving any payment or gift in the nature of a bribe or kickback is strictly and 
absolutely prohibited and is subject to criminal prosecution under the applicable law. 
 
J. Solicitation and Distribution of Materials 
 
Employees should be careful before soliciting contributions or other support from coworkers, 
suppliers or service providers to be certain that they are not improperly or unfairly pressuring 
such individuals. 
 
K. Corporate Opportunities 
 
Employees owe a duty to Atlas to advance its legitimate business interests when the opportunity 
to do so arises. 
 
Employees may not use corporate property, information or position for their personal gain. 
Employees may not participate in a business or investment opportunity discovered using Atlas 
property or information or by virtue of their position at Atlas without the prior written approval of 
the General Counsel, or in the case of the Chief Executive Officer or a director, the Board of 
Directors. 
 
L. Insider Trading and Tipping 
 
Employees are not permitted to trade any securities while in possession of material non -public 
information they have learned in the course of their duties with Atlas (“Insider Trading”). In 
addition, Employees may not disclose such information to others wh o might trade securities 
based on that information (“Tipping”). 
M. What Is Material, Non-Public (Or “Inside”) Information? 
 
• Material information is any information – positive or negative – about a company that may 
influence an investor to buy, sell or hold securities. 
• Non-public information is information about a company that has not been disseminated to 
the public. 
 
Material Information might include: 
 
• Financial information that deviates from market expectation; 
• Information on acquisitions or dispositions; 
• Senior management changes; 

13 
• Important litigation information; 
• Unannounced dividend information; 
• New product information; 
• Contract information; 
• Sales results; and 
• Upcoming plans to issue securities. 
 
Employees are expected to act responsibly when trading securities to ensure that trades are not 
made while in possession of material non-public information. Specifically, the Employee should 
in any event avoid: 
 
• buying, selling or otherwise trading shares or other securities while being in possession of 
insider information 
• disclosing insider information about a company to any other person, including family 
members, friends or colleagues, where that information may be used by the other person to 
trade in the company’s securities 
• recommending or suggesting that anyone else buy, sell, retain or otherwise trade in shares 
or other securities of any company while having insider information about the company, 
and/or 
• providing access to insider information when it does not meet the strict need -to-know 
requirement. 
 
For any clarification, please speak directly with the General Counsel. 
 
 
3.6 Record Retention 
Atlas is committed to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations relating to the 
preservation of records. 
The company’s Record Retention Policy identifies documents to be retained and destroyed on 
a legal, systematic and regular basis. Compliance with our Records Retention Policy is 
mandatory. Under no circumstances are records of Atlas to be destroyed selecti vely or to be 
unilaterally maintained outside the company’s premises or designated storage facilities. The 
Record Retention Policy is subject to any applicable court orders that limit our ability to destroy 
documents. 
 
If an Employee learns of a subpoena, or a pending or contemplated litigation or government 
investigation, they should immediately contact the General Counsel. Employees must retain and 
preserve all relevant Records including those that, without intervention, would automatically be 
destroyed or erased (such as emails and voice mail messages) until they are advised by the 
Legal group on how to proceed. Destroying or altering a document with the intent to impair the 
document’s integrity or availability for use in any potential official proceeding is a crime. Any 

14 
suspicion that Atlas’ Records are being improperly altered or destroyed should be reported to 
the General Counsel immediately. Destruction of such Records, even if inadvertent, could 
seriously prejudice the Employee and/or Atlas. If an Employee has questions regarding whether 
a particular Record pertains to an investigation or litigation, or may be responsive to a subpoena, 
they should preserve the Records in question and ask the Legal group for advice.

15 
 
 
IV. COMMITMENT TO CORPORATE AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
 
4.1 Respecting Each Other 
 
We promote a diverse, cooperative, transparent and productive work environment. 
 
In our relationships with each other, we strive to be open, honest, and responsible in sharing our 
ideas and thoughts, and in receiving input. We have a special responsibility to foster a workplace 
that supports honesty, integrity, respect and trust. 
 
4.2 Privacy 
 
We respect the privacy and dignity of all individuals. 
 
Employees who are responsible for maintaining personal information or are provided access to 
such information must not disclose private information in violation of applicable law or in violation 
of the company’s policies. 
Atlas collects and maintains personal information that relates to employment, including medical 
and benefit information. Special care is taken to limit access to personal information to Atlas 
personnel with a need to know such information for a legitimate business purpose. 
Employees should not search for or retrieve items from another Employee’s workspace without 
prior approval of that Employee or management. 
 
4.3 Public Statements and Communications 
 
Employees should always be aware that any statements made, whether in a formal or informal 
setting may have an impact on Atlas and may create an incorrect perception harmful to our 
image. Employees should consider whether the statements made are necessary, appropriate 
and accurate. 
 
All communications with the media and the broader public need prior approval of the Marketing 
Coordinator, the GM of the country AND the CEO. 
 
This includes publications from Employees in magazines, newspapers, website commentary etc. 
It also includes any communication with radio, television or other types of media. 
 
Communication with local supervisory authorities and professional organizations is the 
responsibility of local management. Any enquiries from such bodies should be notified 
immediately to the Legal group. 
 
4.4 Equal Employment Opportunity and Nondiscrimination 
 
We are committed to a cooperative and productive work environment that supports the cultural 
and ethnic diversity of our workforce. 
 
• We provide equal employment opportunity to all qualified Employees and applicants. 

16 
• We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, cultural 
difference, language, religion, national origin, marital status, political opinion, age, disability 
or veteran status in any personnel practice, including recruitment, hiring, training, promotion 
and discipline. 
• We take allegations of discrimination seriously and enforce our policies. 
 
All concerns that are raised regarding the Code will be addressed and investigated by our 
Human Resources group. 
 
Incidents of discrimination should be promptly reported to the Human Resources group. Atlas 
will take prompt and appropriate action to prevent and, where necessary, discipline behavior that 
violates the Code. Any Employee, who is found responsible of using discriminatory conduct, or 
retaliating against any individual for reporting a claim of discrimination, will be subject to 
disciplinary action, including possible discharge. 
 
4.5 Workplace Safety & Health 
 
We are committed to providing a safe and clean work environment for the wellbeing of all our 
Employees. 
 
Everyone has a responsibility to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the 
safe design, construction, maintenance and operation of our facilities. 
 
It is the responsibility of our Employees to perform their work and to conduct our operations in a 
safe manner. 
 
4.6 Weapons 
 
NO weapons are to be brought into the workplace for any reason. Requests for specific 
exceptions for the security and safety of the workplace should be directed to the Chief 
Executive Officer. Atlas will not tolerate any level of violence in the workplace or in a work - 
related setting. 
 
4.7 Drugs & Alcohol 
Atlas enforces a drug-free and alcohol-free work environment. 
 
Employees may not possess, use, sell, purchase or attempt to possess, use, sell or purchase 
any illegal drugs on our premises or while performing our business on or off the premises. 
 
Employees may not be under the influence of alcohol or drugs while on Atlas property. 
Atlas may conduct pre-employment drug testing as a condition for employment. 
Atlas reserves the right to conduct random drug testing of Employees especially in light of the 
nature of our operations. 

17 
4.8 Harassment 
 
We strictly prohibit any form of harassment in the workplace. 
 
Harassment includes, but is not limited to: epithets; slurs; negative stereotyping; threatening, 
intimidating or hostile acts; or conduct that degrades or shows hostility or hatred toward an 
individual because of race, color, national origin, religion, gen der, sexual orientation, cultural 
difference, language, marital status, political opinion, age, disability, or veteran status. 
 
Examples of harassment include: 
 
Verbal: Unwelcome comments, jokes or slurs of a racial or sexual nature. 
Physical: Unnecessary touching, impeding or blocking movement, hitting, etc. 
Visual: Derogatory or offensive posters, cards, cartoons, graffiti, drawings, emails or gestures. 
Incidents of harassment should be promptly reported to the Head of Human Resources or the 
General Counsel. Atlas will take prompt and appropriate action to prevent and, where necessary, 
discipline, behavior that violates this Code. Anyone who is found to be responsible for 
harassment, or for retaliating against any individual for reporting a good faith claim of harassment 
or for cooperating in an investigation, will be subject to disciplinary action, including possible 
discharge. 
 
4.9 Environmental Protection 
 
Atlas is committed to conducting its business in a responsible manner that protects human health 
and the environment through observance of all applicable laws and regulations. 
 
Fundamental to the implementation of the Code is the monitoring and assessment of compliance 
with laws, regulations and the company’s policies. Performance data and compliance 
information must be reported accurately, fully and in a timely manner to the appropriate Atlas 
personnel. 
We should: 
 
• Abide by both the letter and the spirit of all environmental and worker protection laws, 
regulations and obligations; 
• Report unsafe or unhealthy work conditions to management; 
• Report known or potential environmental or safety noncompliant situations to management; 
• Act upon and resolve unsafe, unhealthy and potential non-compliant situations in a 
reasonable and timely manner; 
• Obtain appropriate permits prior to commencement of work activities, such as environmental 
permits and permit-to-work; 
• Promptly report releases and spills that may harm the environment or public health or that 
meet company or regulatory reporting requirements; 

18 
• Create and maintain records that accurately reflect and demonstrate Atlas’ compliance with 
environmental and safety obligations; 
• Conduct the appropriate level of due diligence when conducting environmental and safety 
duties; 
• Assess environmental impacts and conduct hazard risk reviews of all new projects and 
expansions; 
• Use resources responsibly; and 
• Minimize waste generation and recycle materials when appropriate and available. 
 
4.10 Laws, Rules and Regulations 
 
Our success depends on each of us being accountable for complying with all applicable laws, 
rules, regulations and other legal obligations. 
 
All Employees have a duty to familiarize themselves with the guiding principles set out in the 
Code. In addition, they need to make themselves familiar with any applicable laws and external 
and internal regulations that apply to their job duties. Due to the global nature of the business of 
Atlas, inappropriate conduct in one country can have an effect and potentially lead to issues in 
other countries too. If Employees feel that this might be the case, they can contact their local 
management or the General Counsel for guidance. 
Many resources are available to Employees to become familiar with the laws, rules and 
regulations that apply to their scope of responsibility within Atlas. Employees must also take the 
initiative to learn about the laws, rules and regulations that affect our business. 
 
Employees should: 
 
• Be aware of laws, rules and regulations that affect our daily job responsibilities; 
• Attend training on those laws, rules and regulations; and 
• Consult with the appropriate supervisor or the Legal group on any questions about the 
existence, applicability or interpretation of any law, rule or regulation. 
 
 
4.11 Interacting with Governments 
 
A. Political Contributions and Political Affairs 
The Atlas Anti -Bribery and Anti -Corruption Policy contains prohibitions on making political 
contributions. 
 
Employees are free outside of the workplace to express their views on public affairs through 
political or non -political measures of their choice and engage in partisan political activities, 
including making personal political contributions in accordance wi th applicable law. Employees 
should make clear that the views expressed are their own and not those of the company. Atlas 

19 
will not pay an Employee for any time spent running for public office, serving as an elected 
official, or campaigning for a political candidate. Atlas will not compensate or reimburse an 
Employee, in any form, for a political contribution that they intend to make or have made. 
Violation of federal and state election laws or other applicable domestic or local laws is strictly 
prohibited. 
 
If a government official contacts an Employee regarding a political contribution from any Atlas 
company, they should refer the call to the General Counsel. 
 
4.12 Corrupt Practices 
 
Atlas prohibits bribery and corruption. All Employees should ensure that they are aware of 
their obligations and responsibilities under our Anti -Bribery and Anti -Corruption Policy. 
Compliance with our Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy is mandatory. 
 
Employees should not engage in money laundering or other corrupt practices and should 
report unusual transactions. 
 
The term ‘money laundering’ refers to the process whereby an attempt is made using legal 
or illegal financial market instruments to conceal the source or the proceeds of criminal activity 
and to introduce such proceeds into the legitimate financial system. 
 
Every Employee must adhere to the following principles: 
 
• Employees should be aware of the trade embargos that may be imposed on specific 
countries, either by the United Nations or other countries. If a trade embargo applies, it 
means that it is either prohibited or restricted to trade with the country to which the trade 
embargo applies. In all cases where a trade embargo is imposed, it is prohibited to assist 
clients to conduct trade or to transact, either directly or indirectly, with the country under 
embargo. Any intention to trade or transact with a country under embargo should be 
denied and notified to the Legal group. 
• Employees may not participate or assist in any transfers which violate or aims at avoiding 
exchange control restrictions 
• the presence of Employees at discussions between suppliers and third parties or the 
holding of discussions on Atlas premises could be (mis)construed as an indication that 
Atlas is in agreement with or even supports the actions of a certain party. Employees 
should distance themselves clearly and at an early stage, if they suspect or become aware 
that the matters discussed may give rise to corrupt practices and report this to local 
management as an incident. 
 
4.13 Compliance, Administration and Training 
 
It is a condition of continued employment by the Company that each Employee comply with 
this Code. All Employees are required to complete the Code of Conduct course and 
corresponding certification pertaining to such on an annual basis. 
 
 
 
 

20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Diversity & Inclusion Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ATLAS RENEWABLE ENERGY 
Diversity & Inclusion Comitee 

2 
INDEX 
I. INTRODUCTION .................................................................................................................................................................. 4 
II. SCOPE ............................................................................................................................................................................... 4 
III. D&I POLICY STATEMENT AND REQUIREMENTS ......................................................................................................................... 4 
III.A OUR COMMITMENT ...................................................................................................................................................... 4 
III.B MANAGERS RESPONSIBILITY ...........................................................................................................................................5 
III.C EMPLOYEES RESPONSIBILITIES...................................................................................................................................... 5 
IV. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION COMMITTEE .................................................................................................................................. 5 
IV.A ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION ....................................................................................................................................... 6 
IV.B STRUCTURE AND ORGANIZATION ...................................................................................................................................... 6 
V. RELATIONSHIP WITH THIRD PARTIES ........................................................................................................................................6 
VI. REPORTING SYSTEM AND ACCOMODATIONS ............................................................................................................................ 7 
VI.A REPORTING SYSTEM ..................................................................................................................................................... 7 
VI.B ACCOMMODATIONS .................................................................................................................................................. 7 
VII. CONSEQUENCES OF VIOLATING THE D&I POLICY .................................................................................................................... 8 
VIII. POLICY REVIEW .................................................................................................................................................................. 8 

3 
 
 
I. INTRODUCTION 
 
Atlas Renewable Energy ( “we,” “us,” and/or “Atlas”) is a company committed to accelerating 
transformation towards clean energy by developing, building, and operating large -scale renewable 
energy projects in the LatAm region. Atlas is based in the United States and, as of this date, has 
operations in Brazil, Chile, Mexico and Uruguay. As such, we strive to create an inclusive 
environment that embraces diversity, fosters inclusion, and fights against any form of 
discrimination. 
We believe that valuing diversity and inclusiveness is a competitive differentiator which enable 
us to achieve our vision to create unmatched value for all of our stakeholders, including but not 
limited to, our colleagues, collaborators, business associates, suppliers, communities, clients, and 
future generations. For this purpose, we have built a strong anti-discrimination policy, which 
means that not only we do not discriminate on grounds of gender (including gender identity and/or 
gender expression), ethnicity, race, religion or belief, culture, nationality or national origin, language 
differences, sexual orientation, physical, menta l and development abilities, biotype, political affiliations, 
socio-economic status, age, marital status, or any other, but also, that we are actively against any 
form of discrimination – silence is not an option for Atlas. 
 
II. SCOPE 
 
This Diversity and Inclusion Policy (the “D&I Policy”) applies to all Atlas’s employees, as well as all consultants, advisors , 
agents, representatives, and business associates that are acting on behalf of and in direct representation of Atlas. It is 
intended to complement local statutory provisions, and Atlas’s Staff Handbook and Code of Conduct, as applicable 
 
III. D&I POLICY STATEMENT AND REQUIREMENTS 
Atlas embraces and supports our employees’ differences in gender (including gender identity and/or 
gender expression), ethnicity, race, religion or belief, culture, nationality or national origin, 
language differences, sexual orientation, physical, mental and development abilities, biotype, 
political affiliations, socio-economic status, age, marital status, and any other characteristic not 
listed previously, that makes each of us unique. 
 
III.A OUR COMMITMENT 
Our commitment to diversity and inclusion aligns with our values of people and respect, and 
it is reflected in our global Staff Handbook and Code of Conduct. Diversity and inclusion are 
sponsored at Atlas’s leadership levels and initiatives are applicable — but not limited — to our 
practices and policies on recruitment and selection, compensation and benefits, 
professional development and training, promotions, transfers, social and recreational 
programs, layoffs, terminations, and the ongoing development of a working environment built 
on the premise of equity that ensures: 
 
• A diverse and inclusive culture is recognized as a business goal, with every level of the organization being accountable. 
 

4 
• Communication is open and respectful between all employees regardless of their area or level. 
 
• Insights of diverse groups and different points of view are sought, encouraged, and welcomed; employees are 
embraced in their uniqueness and not alienated or excluded because of differences in cultural norms. 
 
• An environment where employees feel that their unique backgrounds and characteristics are considered to promote 
equity and equal access to opportunities, ensuring no discrimination will be an obstacle to professional growth. 
 
• A compensations and benefits strategy is available to promote and enhance co -parental responsibilities and parental 
leaves, which applies to heterosexual, homosexual and mono-parental families. 
 
• Inclusive behaviour and ever-growing diversity, especially intersectional diversity of our workforce is visible at every 
level of the organization and in every business area. 
 
• Employees are constantly trained and mentored to be aware of their own unconscious and conscious biases and to 
prevent these from manifesting themselves at work. 
 
• In respecting and valuing the diversity among our employees, and all those with whom we do business, managers and 

5 
employees are expected to ensure that there is a work environment free of and against all forms 
of discrimination, and harassment. 
 
• No kind of harassment, mobbing and/or inappropriate jokes or behavior will be tolerated. 
 
• Diversity and Inclusion within our business partners, contractors, consultants, and suppliers is encouraged and shall 
be taken into consideration when engaging in activities with third parties. 
 
III.B MANAGERS RESPONSIBILITY 
 
Atlas’s managers shall have the duty and responsibility to: 
 
• Implement this D&I Policy as part of their day-to-day management of employees and stakeholders and apply policies 
and practices in a fair and equitable way. 
 
• Recognize unacceptable behavior and take immediate appropriate action. 
 
• Promote an active inclusive and anti-discrimination work environment, culture, and language to avoid stereotypes and 
unconscious biases. 
 
• Mentor direct reports and others who they deem appropriate to correct and promote a respectful and open 
environment, communication, and behaviors. 
 
• Actively participate in and promote all mandatory trainings and activities promoting diversity and inclusion. 
 
• Take advantage of all benefits, without withholding any such benefit to anyone; and, rather, to promote this behavior 
amongst their direct reports. 
 
III.C EMPLOYEES RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
Atlas’s employees shall have the duty and responsibility to: 
 
• Implement this D&I Policy in their day-to-day work and their dealings with colleagues, communities, and business 
partners. 
 
• Actively participate in and implement/put in practice all mandatory trainings regarding diversity and inclusion within 
Atlas. 
 
• Notify their line manager, senior manager and/or use the reporting mechanism provided in Section VI of this D&I Policy 
regarding any concerns, potential violations to this D&I Policy or situations related to the conduct of other employees, 
managers and/or business partners. 
 
 
IV. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION COMMITTEE 
 
Atlas has recognized the value of allowing groups of employees with common interests to 
formalize their professional relationship by promoting the creation of a Diversity & Inclusion 
Committee (“ D&IC”). The D&IC is a welcoming space in Atlas, everyone can join and participate on a 

6 
voluntary basis, sharing personal experiences, concerns, and initiatives to achieve our common goal. 
The D&IC has its own governance structure and independence from the rest of Atlas’s areas. 
The D&IC may request its own budget to implement certain activities that are deemed appropriate 
by its own members, and that do not already correspond to other functions, pursuant to Atlas’s 
internal policies and guidelines. 
 
The D&IC can provide cultural expertise, and personal or group insights to Atlas’s employees and 
businesses in ways that can enable the company to improve recruiting and retention, build cultural 
competence and leadership effectiveness, facilitate relationships 

7 
between our organization and external suppliers and constituencies, as applicable, and support 
specific business projects and initiatives. 
 
 
 
V. RELATIONSHIP WITH THIRD PARTIES 
 
Atlas shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to engage with third parties that respect 
and embrace Diversity & Inclusion initiatives and our D&I Policy. Third Parties partners shall 
acknowledge the principles set forth in this D&I Policy and recognize that these constitute an 
important factor for engaging in any business relationship with Atlas. 
 
For this purpose, and to the extent it is possible, in order to promote and ensure that we are 
consistent with our goals and business practices, when contracting with any kind of third party 
for the provision of services for any amount above USD10,000 (or the equivalent in R$, CLP and 
MXN$), considering the full amount of the engagement, including, but not limited to, construction, 
financial and/or legal advisors, auditors, and/or IT Services, the manager in charge of such 
engagement process shall require certain information about diversity regarding the team that 
will be working for such engagement and the company in general. This request can include the 
disclosure of the composition and representation of diversity groups as team members, the D&I 
initiatives and policies implemented by the third party, among others. 
This information will be considered as an important factor for making our hiring decision. 
 
 
VI. REPORTING SYSTEM AND ACCOMODATIONS 
 
 
VI.A REPORTING SYSTEM 
If an employee believes that he or she are being subject of discrimination in any form, or has 
witnessed an act or violation to this D&I Policy, the employee should report the facts of the 
incident in accordance with the procedures set forth below: 
 
a) Direct Reporting 
 
If the report is related to a violation of this D&I Policy the employee can approach the 
corresponding People Department representative (local and/or regional), General Counsel, 
General Manager and/or direct supervisor. 
 
b) Helpline Web-based Reporting 
 
In addition, employees may report the matter through an independent, confidential and secure 
Reporting System called IRIS. The service will be available 24 hours a day, and in three languages: 
English, Spanish and Portuguese. 
 
For telephone reports the following toll-free numbers are available: 
 

8 
• United States: 1-800-469-1809 
 
• Chile: 800 914 453 
 
• Mexico: 800-099-1575 
 
• Brazil: 0800-200-3522 
 
For reports via web platform, the following links are available: 
 
• IRIS in English: https://www.atlasrenewableenergy.com/en/contact/i ris/ 
 
•IRIS in Spanish: https://www.atlas renewableenergy.com/contacto/iris/ 
 
• IRIS in Portuguese: https://www.atlasrenewableenergy.com/pt -br/contatenos/iris/ 

9 
VI.B ACCOMMODATIONS 
Atlas respects the needs that any and all employees may have regarding cultural traditions or 
practices, religious beliefs, disabilities, biotypes, life stage or age, amongst others, and will make, 
on request, accommodation for such observances when a reasonable accommodation is 
available that does not create an undue hardship on the company’s business. 
 
a) Requesting a Religious or Cultural Accommodation 
 
An employee whose religious beliefs or cultural practices conflict with his or her job, work 
schedule, or with other aspects of employment, and who seeks a religious or cultural 
accommodation should make a request for the accommodation to People’s manager. The request 
should include the type of religious conflict that exists and the employee’s suggested 
accommodation. 
 
b) Special Accommodations 
 
Atlas values the contributions of persons with differing abilities and biotypes. We are committed to 
the inclusion of persons with special needs in our workforce. We do not discriminate on the basis 
of any known mental or physical condition that is protected by law, a history of disability, a perceived 
condition or an association with someone with a known condition for which will require special 
accommodations. Our policy applies to job application procedures, hiring, termination, professional 
development within the company, compensation, job training, relocation, and other aspects of 
employment. We recognize that at some time during the employment relationship an employee 
may require a reasonable accommodation to perform the essential functions of such employees’ 
work. 
 
 
c) Requesting a Disabilities Accommodation 
 
Requests for accommodations are voluntary and confidential . If an employee requires an 
accommodation during the employment relationship, such employee shall inform their manager 
and/or People. We will work to determine whether an accommodation will enable such employee 
to perform the essential functions of his or her work. Additionally, there may be times when we 
recognize that a particular employee may need an accommodation and will offer one accordingly. 
An employeemay obtain a description of his or her position for such employee’s physician’s review 
upon request to the employee’s manageror People. 
 
An employee may be requested, on a voluntary and confidential basis, to provide information from such 
employee’s doctor to 
determine what reasonable accommodations may be available to the latter. Any information provided will remain confidential. 
 
VII. CONSEQUENCES OF VIOLATING THE D&I POLICY 
Atlas will make every reasonable effort to prevent the occurrence of a misconduct or violation of 
this D&I Policy and to halt any such conduct that may occur as soon as reasonably possible after its 
discovery. Violation of the D&I Policy subjects the employee to disciplinary action, including, but not 
limited to, possible suspension or termination of employment and such other action as Atlas 

10 
believes to be appropriate under the circumstances. 
 
The People Department shall be involved in decisions regarding follow-up or disciplinary actions 
to drive consistent administration of disciplinary actions across the organization, while taking into 
consideration the unique characteristics of a particular situation. 
 
Employees are protected from retaliation for opposing unlawful discrimination practices, for 
having in good faith reported any event pursuant to the above, and/or for having assisted 
another employee to report an event. 
 
VIII. POLICY REVIEW 
This Policy will be reviewed annually or as it is deemed appropriate.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://live.atlasrenewableenergy.com/assets/media/Atlas-Global-Anti-Bribery-and-Anti-Corruption-Policy-Final-Approved-5-Mar-2025.pdf

0 
 
 Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy March 5, 2025 

 
1 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PREFACE .................................................................................................................................................................................... 3 I. PURPOSE ....................................................................................................................................................................... 4 1.1 Introduction .................................................................................................................................................................................... 4 1.2 Defined Terms ............................................................................................................................................................................... 4 II. PAYMENT PRACTICES ........................................................................................................................................... 5 2.1 Prohibition on Improper Payments ....................................................................................................................................... 5 2.2 Facilitating Payments .................................................................................................................................................................... 7 2.3 Exception for Personal Safety Payments .............................................................................................................................. 7 2.4 Entertainment, Gifts and Travel ................................................................................................................................................ 7 2.5 Political Contributions ................................................................................................................................................................... 11 2.6 Donations to Charities and Communities ......................................................................................................................... 12 III. ENGAGING AGENTS, CONSULTANTS, AND OTHER REPRESENTATIVES ................................ 13 3.1 Due Diligence Report .................................................................................................................................................................. 13 3.2 “Red Flags” and Other Warnings ........................................................................................................................................... 14 3.3 Contractual Provisions ................................................................................................................................................................ 15 3.4 Certifications .................................................................................................................................................................................. 15 IV. JOINT VENTURES, MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER EQUITY TRANSACTIONS .................................................................................................................................................................. 16 4.1 Joint Ventures ................................................................................................................................................................................. 16 4.2. Mergers and Acquisitions .......................................................................................................................................................... 18 4.3 Investment Transactions ............................................................................................................................................................ 19 V. ACCOUNTING PROCEDURES ......................................................................................................................... 20 5.1 Financial Control Systems and Accounting Requirements .................................................................................... 20 VI. REPORTING SYSTEM ............................................................................................................................................ 20 6.1 Reporting a Possible Violation ................................................................................................................................................ 20 6.2 Investigation of a Possible Violation ...................................................................................................................................... 21 6.3 Retaliation Prohibited .................................................................................................................................................................. 21 6.4 No Rights Created ........................................................................................................................................................................ 21 VII. TRAINING ..................................................................................................................................................................... 21 VIII. COMPLIANCE ACTIVITY RECORDS .............................................................................................................. 22 IX. DISCIPLINARY ACTION ....................................................................................................................................... 22 X. REVISIONS AND AMENDMENTS .................................................................................................................... 23 

 
2 
ATTACHMENT A: EMPLOYEE CERTIFICATE .......................................................................................................... 24 ATTACHMENT B-1: ANNUAL CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE FOR AGENTS, CONSULTANTS, REPRESENTATIVES AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES ..................................................................................... 25 ATTACHMENT B-2: ANNUAL CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE SECONDEES ................................. 26 ATTACHMENT C: DUE DILIGENCE QUESTIONNAIRE FOR CHARITABLE DONATIONS TO REGISTERED ENTITIES ...................................................................................................................................................... 27 ATTACHMENT D: DUE DILIGENCE QUESTIONNAIRE FOR THIRD PARTIES ......................................... 31 ATTACHMENT E: ANNUAL CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE FOR JOINT VENTURE PARTNERS AND JOINT VENTURES ......................................................................................................................... 34 ATTACHMENT F-1: MEETINGS AND VISITS TO AND FROM GOVERNMENTAL ENTITIES AND OFFICIALS .................................................................................................................................................................. 35 ATTACHMENT F-2: FORM OF MINUTES FOR MEETINGS OR VISITS TO/FROM GOVERNMENT ENTITIES AND OFFICIALS ....................................................................................................... 36 

 
3 
 PREFACE This Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy (this “Policy”) applies to all entities that are part of the Atlas Renewable Energy group (collectively “Atlas”, and each an “Atlas Entity”) and to any other persons which, by contract or the application of another Atlas policy, this Policy is stated to apply. All Atlas Entities must adopt this Policy in its entirety if not prohibited by contract, statute or business conditions in which case these entities should align their existing policies with this Policy, to the extent applicable. For entities in which Atlas does not have control, Atlas representatives on the boards (or the equivalent) of such entities should seek adoption of this Policy and its principles. This Policy also applies to all Atlas officers, directors, employees (whether full or part time), interns, consultants, individual contractors, and other similar personnel who are engaged by Atlas, as well as any agents, representatives and other persons acting on behalf of Atlas or engaging in activities for the benefit of Atlas. Atlas requires all such persons to conduct Atlas business legally, ethically, and with integrity, in accordance with the Atlas Code of Conduct. Prohibitions in adopting this Policy in whole or in part should be reported to the Atlas General Counsel promptly upon discovery. Atlas Entities may supplement the contents of this Policy with additional restrictions or requirements to the extent that such additions do not override or in any way conflict with this Policy. This Policy supersedes in full any other Atlas policy, procedure or protocol in respect of the matters covered by this Policy. 

 
4 
 I. PURPOSE 1.1 INTRODUCTION Atlas is committed to conducting business in accordance with the highest ethical standards. This Policy aims to set out the standards of conduct and professionalism that apply to all Personnel in relation to applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations. This Policy prohibits Personnel and Third Parties from offering, paying, giving, promising to pay or give, requesting, accepting or authorizing a payment or gift of anything of value to any representative or agent of a private or public body (including Government Officials) in order to influence or reward such a person in violation of laws and regulations, including, without limitation, to perform, refrain from performing or default on the performance of, any action within the authorities or powers of such a person. This Policy should be read in conjunction with the Atlas Code of Conduct. All Personnel (as defined below) are expected to become familiar with and comply with this Policy, to participate in applicable training sessions, and to certify annually that they have complied with this Policy (See Attachment A). Failure to follow this Policy may result in disciplinary action, including dismissal or the termination of Third Party agreements. Potentially severe penalties and other consequences may apply to Atlas and individual Personnel if anti-bribery laws or anti-corruption laws are violated, including prison (custodial) sentences. Any questions with respect to this Policy should be referred immediately to the Atlas Compliance Team or to the Atlas General Counsel. 1.2 DEFINED TERMS “Facilitating Payments” has the meaning in section 2.2 of this Policy. “Government Official” means: (a) any official, employee or representative of, or any other person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of, or performing the duties of an office or position created under law or custom of, any (i) government, including any national, regional or local government (including, but not limited to, someone who holds a legislative, administrative or judicial position of any kind, at any level, whether appointed or elected), (ii) political party, party official or political candidate, or (iii) public international organization; (b) any person who exercises a public function for or on behalf of a country or for any public 

 
5 
agency or enterprise of (or under the control or supervision of) that country, including any employee, official or contractor of any entity owned or controlled by a government body, including a state-owned enterprise, such as a government-owned investment fund or utility; (c) a person in the service of a government body including a member of the military or the police force; (d) a candidate for political office (regardless of whether or not affiliated to a political party); (e) an employee, contractor or person otherwise in the service of a public international organization such as a multi-lateral development bank (e.g., the World Bank) or the United Nations; and (f) an individual who is, or who holds themselves out to be, an authorized intermediary of a public official. A person does not cease to be a Government Official by purporting to act in a private capacity. “Personnel” means any legal representatives, officers, directors, employees (whether full or part time), individual contractors, secondees, part-time hires, interns and other similar personnel who are engaged by Atlas. “Third Party” means an external organization or individual who performs, or will perform, services for, or on behalf of, Atlas, or with whom Atlas has, or will have, a partnership. This includes agents, representatives, consultants, lobbyists, distributors, service providers, joint venture partners and any person engaged or instructed by Atlas to deal with any Government Official or to obtain government approvals. It generally does not include suppliers (unless they are performing services on behalf of Atlas, rather than merely supplying goods or services). II. PAYMENT PRACTICES 2.1 PROHIBITION ON IMPROPER PAYMENTS Personnel must never offer, promise, pay, give, request, agree to receive, accept or authorize any payment or gift of anything of value that is intended to induce any person to take action (or omit to take any action) in violation of any law or duty, or in violation of this Policy. Personnel must never offer, promise, pay, give or authorize (directly or indirectly) any payment or gift of anything of value directly or indirectly to a Government Official (including any representative of a political party) in order to influence that person for any reason, to perform, refrain from performing or default on the performance of, any action within the authorities or powers of a Government Official, including, without limitation, to obtain or retain business, gain a business advantage or avoid a disadvantage, or as an inducement or reward for violating a duty of good faith, failing to act impartially or breaching a duty of trust. 

 
6 
Requests by Government Officials for payments or gifts that would violate this Policy arise in varied settings and can be much more subtle than a direct request for a kickback or a bribe. Personnel and Third Parties (including agents, consultants, representatives or other business partners of Atlas) should never offer, pay, promise, authorize money or anything of value, directly or indirectly to obtain or maintain any benefit for the company, including but not limited to: (1) to influence the award of a contract; (2) to secure a more favorable price in contract negotiations; (3) to prevent some governmental action, such as the imposition of a large tax or fine; (4) to obtain a license or other authorization from a government where the issuance involves the official's or their government's discretion; (5) to obtain confidential information about business opportunities, bids or the activities of competitors; (6) to obtain a permit or license to sell, market or distribute natural gas, electricity, or fuels; (7) to secure a zoning ruling; (8) to influence the rate of taxes to be levied; (9) to obtain relief from government controls; (10) to resolve governmental disputes, e.g., resolution of tax deficiencies or a dispute over duties payable; (11) to affect the nature of regulations or the application of regulatory provisions; (12) to influence the outcome of any judicial, regulatory or administrative decision; or (13) to otherwise obtain or retain business, influence government action or decision, or secure any other improper advantage. Additionally, Personnel, agents, consultants, representatives or other business partners may not make or authorize payments or fees to Third Parties if they know or even suspect that the Third Parties are acting as intermediaries for a Government Official. 

 
7 
2.2 FACILITATING PAYMENTS Personnel must not make Facilitating Payments. “Facilitating Payments” are payments made to a Government Official to secure the performance of a non-discretionary, routine governmental action that the Government Official is required to perform. In other words, Facilitating Payments are made to encourage a Government Official to do something they are already supposed to do. Examples include: (1) payments to local officials to expedite routine license issuances or renewals; (2) payments to local officials to expedite routine permits, including construction permits; (3) payments to local officials to expedite visas and work orders; (4) payments to local officials to expedite the provision of telephone service, power and water supply and other public utilities. Facilitating Payments do not include legitimate documented fees, expenses or duties paid to government entities. If a Government Official requests a Facilitating Payment or any other kind of improper payment or benefit, you must politely refuse and explain that you do not have the authority to make such a payment. The request for payment must be immediately reported to the Atlas Compliance Team. 2.3 EXCEPTION FOR PERSONAL SAFETY PAYMENTS In exceptional circumstances, Atlas permits Personnel or Third Party to make a payment (or provide anything of value) to avoid imminent physical harm. Personnel and Third Parties must report making a personal safety payment to the Atlas Compliance Team as soon as possible after the imminent danger has passed. Personnel and Third Party must also provide written records of the amount of the personal safety payment, means of payment, recipient(s), and circumstances regarding the personal safety payment. 2.4 ENTERTAINMENT, GIFTS AND TRAVEL 2.4.1 General Occasional gifts and hospitality are an accepted and acceptable means of assisting in establishing and developing business relationships and enhancing Atlas’ professional image in the business 

 
8 
community in which it operates. However, Personnel should never offer, promise, give, request, agree to receive, accept or authorize gifts and hospitality (directly or indirectly) that could influence business decisions, induce the recipient to perform their functions improperly or influence Government Officials with respect to granting business or approvals. Gifts and hospitality must always be kept to reasonable and proportionate levels in terms of both value and frequency. In considering whether a gift or hospitality is appropriate, you should take account of the following factors: 1) The value of the gift or hospitality: a) must not be lavish or demonstrably out of the ordinary – you should take into account not just the monetary cost but the value of the gift or hospitality to the recipient; b) must not be inconsistent with lawful and accepted business practice in the country or region concerned (but note that the fact that it is in line with local accepted business practice does not of itself make it permissible); and c) must be proportionate to the seniority of the individuals involved. 2) The gift or hospitality must not be intended to influence the recipient’s objectivity in order to retain or obtain business; i.e., there should be no expectation of something in return. In the case of hospitality, there should be substantial business-related discussions during or surrounding the event. 3) The timing of the gift or hospitality should not coincide with periods when suppliers or clients are involved in tenders or contract negotiations with Atlas. 4) Gifts or hospitality should not be offered, promised, made, requested to or accepted from the same organization or individual on a regular basis (which could give rise to an actual or perceived cumulative effect of inducing the recipient to act improperly). 5) The gift must not be in cash or cash equivalents, such as checks, gold coins and gift cards. Where it is necessary to decline a gift or offer of hospitality, do so carefully and sensitively to avoid causing offence to the individual or organization offering the gift or hospitality. In addition to the foregoing, you must also comply with the requirements of the Atlas Code of Conduct with respect to giving and receiving gifts. 

 
9 
2.4.2 Entertainment of Government Officials You must get the prior written approval of the Atlas General Counsel or the Atlas CEO before incurring any entertainment expenses (including meals) for a Government Official unless all of the following conditions are met: 1) the entertainment or meals are permissible under applicable laws and, for officers and employees of a public international organization, the rules of that organization; 2) the entertainment or meals occur in connection with substantive business meetings and are attended by appropriate company representatives; 3) the entertainment or meal expenses are legitimate and commensurate with generally accepted local customs for private businesspersons; 4) the expenses are accurately recorded and approved in accordance with Atlas’ accounting policies; and 5) The expense is recorded in the Gift and Entertainment Report maintained by the Atlas Compliance Team. If all of the conditions above are not met, prior approval as set out above must be obtained. Regardless of whether or not prior approval is required, you must report all entertainment involving a Governmental Official that is given or received to the Atlas Compliance Team in writing through the Gift and Entertainment Report. If a Government Official incurs any entertainment expenses (including meals) on your behalf, prior approval of the Atlas General Counsel or the Atlas CEO is not needed but you must report any such entertainment expenses to the Atlas Compliance Team. 2.4.3 Entertainment of Non-Governmental Officials You must comply with the requirements in the Atlas Code of Conduct relating to entertainment expenses with respect to any Third Party who is not a Government Official. 2.4.4 Gifts – Governmental Officials You must get the prior written approval of the Atlas General Counsel or the Atlas CEO before giving any gifts to a Government Official except under the following circumstances: (1) the gift or item is of nominal value (i.e., less than US$100 or, in the case of Brazil, 100 Brazilian Reais) bearing the Atlas logo or otherwise generally distributed by Atlas to its 

 
10 
customers and vendors as a token of goodwill; or the gift or tangible object is commensurate with legitimate and generally accepted local customs for private businesspersons and does not exceed a nominal amount (i.e., less than USD $100 or, in the case of Brazil, 100 Brazilian Reais) per person or is given to reciprocate a gift given by the Government Official and is of reasonably equivalent value to the gift received; and (2) in any case, the gift is permissible under applicable laws and, for officers, employees or contractors of a public international organization, the rules of that organization; and (3) the expenses involved in such gift are accurately recorded and approved in accordance with Atlas’ accounting policies. Regardless of whether or not prior approval is required, you must report all gifts received from a Governmental Official to the Atlas Compliance Team through the Gift and Entertainment Report. Never give or receive a gift of cash. If a Government Official gives you a gift with a nominal value (i.e., less than USD $100 or, in the case of Brazil, 100 Brazilian Reais based upon your best estimate), prior approval of the Atlas General Counsel or the Atlas CEO is not needed but you must report any such gift to the Atlas Compliance Team through the Gift and Entertainment Report. If a Government Official gives you a gift that based upon your best estimate has a value of more than USD $100 or, in the case of Brazil, 100 Brazilian Reais, you must get the written approval of the Atlas General Counsel or the Atlas CEO to keep the gift. If the gift is not approved, you must surrender the gift to the Atlas General Counsel or the Atlas Compliance Team. If the gift is approved, you must complete the Gift and Entertainment Report. 2.4.5 Gifts – Non-Governmental Officials You must comply with the requirements in the Atlas Code of Conduct relating to gifts to or from any Third Party who is not a Government Official. 2.4.6 Travel At times, Atlas is requested to pay the travel and lodging expenses of Government Officials in connection with trips to meet with Atlas representatives or to visit Atlas facilities. You must obtain the prior written consent of the Atlas General Counsel or the Atlas CEO before agreeing to 

 
11 
reimburse expenses directly to, or payments of travel and lodging expenses on behalf of Government Officials. Reimbursement is generally acceptable where expenses relate to reasonable and bona fide travel, accommodation and meal expenses in connection with, or the demonstration of Atlas’ facilities or services, or performance of a contract with the relevant government or state-owned entity. Advance per diem compensation is not permitted. Wherever possible, arrange to reimburse the governmental entity directly for the expenses rather than reimbursing the individual Government Official. No payments of expenses or reimbursements are to be made: 1) by cash payment directly to a Government Official; 2) for expenses relating to family members or other persons accompanying a Government Official; 3) for expenses relating to destinations that are not directly related to Atlas’ facilities, products, or services; or 4) for expenses that are excessive in the reasonable judgment of the Atlas Compliance Team. All travel expenses must be accurately recorded in Atlas’ accounting records. 2.4.7 Visits to and from Governmental Entities and Officials Attachment F contains a protocol which Personnel and Third Parties should follow whenever visiting or receiving a visit or meeting a Government Official. 2.5 POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS A “political contribution” includes payments for fundraising dinners and similar events as well as actual contributions to political parties or candidates. No Atlas funds, assets, services or facilities shall be contributed to any candidate for political office, member of a political party or political action committee, without the prior written approval of the Atlas CEO. Such approval must be obtained as follows: 1) Determination that the political contribution is compliant with local law: The Atlas Compliance Team must obtain a written opinion of reputable local legal counsel determining that such a payment is legal under the applicable country’s law. 2) CEO and other approvals: After the Atlas Compliance Team provides such written legal counsel opinion, the Atlas CEO must authorize the donation in writing. Evidence of such written approval must be provided to the Atlas Compliance Team. Any other authorizations required by the Atlas Approvals Protocol must also be obtained. 

 
12 
 3) Record retention: All documents pertaining to the contribution, including documents described in (1) and (2) should be sent to the Atlas Accounting Team and to the Atlas Compliance Team. 4) Accounting records: The contribution must be accurately recorded in the relevant company’s accounting records. In any event, no Atlas funds, assets, services or facilities shall be used for political contributions if such political contribution would violate applicable law. 2.6 DONATIONS TO CHARITIES AND COMMUNITIES Charitable donations must never be a condition for or to influence any action or decision or to secure any other improper advantage (relating to a Governmental Official or otherwise). Donations in the form of goods and services are preferred over donations of cash. Before donating to a charitable entity, a community or individual(s), you must observe the following required procedures: (1) Evaluation: Evaluate the context for the donation with the team that has identified the need of a donation to a particular charity or a community within Atlas’ area of influence. This includes running OFAC searches before submission to the Atlas Compliance Team for their review and approval. (2) Request written approval of the Atlas Compliance Team: The Atlas Compliance Team must evaluate and approve in writing of both the recipient of the donation and the items or services being donated. To obtain their approval, (a) provide details of the donation, including the name and identification number of the charitable organization, community and/or individuals and a completed copy of the Due Diligence Questionnaire for Charitable Donations applicable to registered entities in the form of Attachment C. The Atlas Compliance Team will review and approve the donation only after verifying that the donation complies with local law and the Atlas Code of Conduct. (3) Background check on beneficiary/ies: The relevant charity/community and its members must, in fact, be a bona fide organization, not controlled by or for the benefit of a Government Official, and the contribution must not be as a condition for, or to influence any governmental action or decision or to secure any other improper advantage. Adequate diligence must be conducted to confirm that the charity is a bona fide organization. This requirement can be satisfied by completing the Due Diligence Questionnaire for Charitable Donations applicable to registered entities in the form of Attachment C. (4) CEO and other approvals: After the Atlas Compliance Team provides its written approval, the Atlas CEO must authorize the donation in writing. Evidence of such written approval must 

 
13 
 be provided to the Atlas Compliance Team. Any other authorizations required by the Approvals Protocol must also be obtained. (5) Record Retention: All documents relating to the donation and its approvals, must be sent to the Atlas Accounting Team and the Atlas Compliance Team. (6) Accounting: All charitable donations should be accurately recorded in Atlas’ accounting records. III. ENGAGING AGENTS, CONSULTANTS, AND OTHER REPRESENTATIVES Particular care must be taken with Third Parties who assist in securing business or who arrange introductions to and/or manage relationships with key government decision-makers, including in relation to the issuance of permits and approvals for Atlas projects. This Policy prohibits a Third Party, acting on behalf of Atlas, from offering anything of value to a Government Official to influence an action or decision of the Government Official. Agreements with Third Parties who may interact with Government Officials on behalf of Atlas must be in writing and state the services to be performed, the fee basis, amounts to be paid, and other material terms and conditions. Such agreements must also be reviewed and approved in writing by the Atlas Compliance Team or have standard clauses in respect of the matters covered by the Policy which have been previously approved by the Atlas Compliance Team. Payments must bear a reasonable relationship to the value of the services rendered and must be completely documented and recorded. Payments should be made by wire transfer in a lawful currency to the person directly or to the person’s bank account in the country where the services are performed. This Policy prohibits the use of any Third Party to facilitate payments or actions that would be prohibited if conducted by Personnel. Atlas must not make a payment or provide a benefit to a Third Party where it knows, or has reason to believe, that some or all of that payment or benefit will be provided or offered to another person in order to influence any person or entity. 3.1 DUE DILIGENCE REPORT The Personnel responsible for engaging a Third Party who may interact with Government Officials on behalf of Atlas should request the Atlas Compliance Team to perform a background check and complete a due diligence questionnaire with respect to such Third Party in the form attached to this policy (see Attachment D). 

 
14 
3.2 “RED FLAGS” AND OTHER WARNINGS Suspicious actions, payments or demands of a Third Party at any time during the due diligence review or term of engagement should be investigated. The following warnings or “red flags” are signs of conduct that may violate this Policy, and should immediately be discussed with the Atlas Compliance Team: (1) unusual or excessive payment requests, such as requests for over-invoicing, up-front payments, unusual commissions or mid-stream compensation payments, requests for payments in a third-party country, to a third party, to a foreign bank account, in cash or otherwise untraceable funds; (2) requests for political or charitable contributions; (3) learning of a previously undisclosed relationship between the Third Party and a Government Official (family or business ties); (4) any refusal or hesitancy by the Third Party to promise in writing to abide by Atlas’ anti-bribery and anti-corruption provisions or the Atlas Code of Conduct. (5) rumors or charges against the Third Party for violation of local or foreign laws or regulations relating to the award of government contracts; (6) requests for an unexpected additional fee or commission to “facilitate” a service; (7) a demand or strong suggestion by a Government Official that a particular Third Party should be retained; (8) reliance by the Third Party on political/government contacts as opposed to knowledgeable staff and investment of time to promote Atlas’ interests; (9) a desire of the Third Party to keep the consulting arrangement or the terms of its, his or her retention secret; or (10) history of corruption in the country in which the Third Party does business. Transparency International assigns each country a Corruption Perception Index (CPI) rating from 0 to 100 with 0 being most corrupt. To determine the CPI for a country, go to: https://www.transparency.org/en/cpi/. Other “red flags” that should be discussed with the Atlas Compliance Team include: the Third Party’s prior improper business practices, reputation for making improper payments in the past, or reputation for having a “special relationship” with a Government Official, or the Third Party’s lack of minimum qualifications and experience for the type of service in respect of interactions with Government Officials for which it is being hired. 

 
15 
3.3 CONTRACTUAL PROVISIONS All agreements with Third Parties who interact with Government Officials on behalf of Atlas must contain covenants that the Third Party will not make any payment, loan or gift of anything of value to a Government Official, political party or candidate in order to obtain or retain business or secure any improper advantage for Atlas. The agreement also should contain an obligation on the part of the Third Party to certify periodically that it has no knowledge of any such activities. In addition, the agreement must contain representations and warranties which obligate the Third Party to: 1) report immediately any information the Third Party learns that may indicate that either a violation of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”), the UK Bribery Act (the “UK Bribery Act”) or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law has occurred, or an improper payment has been made; 2) certify that no Government Official, political party or candidate owns an interest in the Third Party and obligate the Third Party to give notification as soon as possible if there is any change in ownership of the Third Party; 3) provide for the right of investigation and audit, as deemed appropriate to verify compliance with this Policy; 4) permit termination of the agreement immediately upon a good faith belief that the Third Party has violated the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law or this Policy or put Atlas in material risk of a violation of the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act, any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law or this Policy; and 5) permit the terms of the agreement, including payment terms, to be disclosed to government agencies, e.g., the United States Department of Justice, or to whomsoever the Atlas General Counsel determines has a legitimate need to know; and 6) certify that no work has been sub-contracted, or that if work under the contract has been sub- contracted that such sub-contractor is subject to all provisions under Sections 3.4 and 3.5 of this Policy. Model provisions are maintained by the Atlas Compliance Team and should be used to the extent possible. Also, please refer to the Legal Department Policies and Procedures Manual for further guidance regarding appropriate contractual provisions. 3.4 CERTIFICATIONS Personnel should obtain an executed certification from each (i) secondee and (ii) of the Third Parties 

 
16 
who interact with Government Officials on behalf of Atlas (see Attachment B) on an annual basis. The Atlas Compliance Team shall maintain records of each completed agreement, annual certification and other supporting documentation. IV. JOINT VENTURES, MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER EQUITY TRANSACTIONS 4.1 JOINT VENTURES 4.1.1. General Concerns Atlas may be exposed to business risk through conduct undertaken by joint venture partners or by companies in which Atlas has some management or equity interest. In some circumstances, Atlas may be liable for actions of a joint venture partner if Atlas knew or should have known of, facilitated, or authorized an improper payment. Companies may still be exposed to business risk even when its ownership interest is small. Atlas conducts anti-corruption due diligence on prospective joint venture partners and merger and/or acquisition targets. The Atlas Compliance Team shall determine and conduct the appropriate risk-based due diligence for each proposed transaction pursuant to the Atlas Global KYC Protocol. Joint ventures with Government Officials or foreign governments raise even more significant questions and, correspondingly, increase potential for liability. In countries with developing markets where the public and private sectors often overlap, it can be difficult to tell when you are doing business with the government versus a private concern. Frequently, Government Officials may have dual roles and serve both as private businesspersons and as Government Officials. Joint ventures involving Government Officials as partners require strict scrutiny of the proposed compensation to the joint venture partner and the compensation and duties of employees of the joint venture itself. Prior to entering into any joint venture relationship an effective due diligence review must be performed in compliance with this Policy. The joint venture agreement should include provisions relating to conduct prohibited by this Policy, and the joint venture personnel and partners should be educated about and agree to comply with this Policy. Additionally, audit rights, routine oversight and compliance certifications by all employees of the joint venture should be part of Atlas’ contractual rights. If you suspect or learn that a violation of this Policy or other improper payment by a joint venture in which Atlas owns an interest has occurred or may occur, you should immediately advise the Atlas Compliance Team. The Atlas Compliance Team should then investigate the matter thoroughly and provide a recommendation to the Atlas General Counsel as to whether to continue participation in such joint venture. 

 
17 
 4.1.2. Due Diligence Procedures Prior to entering into any joint venture agreement, an effective due diligence review must be performed to verify the ownership, reputation and credibility of the potential partner or counterparty. This diligence must include conducting a check on the potential joint venture, each of the members of its Board of Directors (or equivalent governing body) and each of its shareholders against OFAC and other sanctions list. Please refer to the Atlas Global Sanction Policy. In addition, an initial determination should be made as to whether a potential partner is willing to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make any illegal payments to Government Officials, and that the joint venture will keep and maintain accurate books and records. 4.1.3. Contractual Provisions Anti-bribery-related contractual provisions providing that no improper payments have been or will be made to Government Officials must be included in every joint venture agreement. The agreement should also contain an obligation on the part of the joint venture and the joint venture partner to certify annually that it has no knowledge of any such activities (see Attachment E). If a proposed joint venture partner refuses to give the requested certifications, consult the Atlas Compliance Team to review the basis for the partner's refusal to give the certification. In the absence of a certification, the Atlas General Counsel may give approval for the joint venture only after making a determination that the refusal does not reflect an intention on the joint venture partner’s part to violate the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law or this Policy. The joint venture agreements should further include representations and warranties to the Atlas contracting party that, in essence: (1) obligate the joint venture partner to report immediately any information the joint venture partner learns that may indicate that a violation of the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law has occurred, this Policy has been violated, or an improper payment has been made; (2) certify that no Government Official (including political party or candidate) owns an interest in the proposed joint venture partner and obligate the joint venture partner to give notification as soon as possible if there is any change in ownership of the joint venture partner; (3) provide the right of investigation and audit of the joint venture to verify compliance with this Policy; (4) provide the right to refuse to fund or to terminate the joint venture immediately upon a determination that the joint venture partner has violated the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act, or 

 
18 
any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law, this Policy or put Atlas in material risk of a violation of the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law; (5) permit information relating to any suspected violation of the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act, or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law or this Policy, or the terms of the agreement to be disclosed to government agencies, e.g., the United States Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or other entities that may have a law-enforcement interest in such matters; (6) prohibit the joint venture partner from retaining any Third Parties to interact with Government Officials on behalf of the joint venture without the prior written approval of Atlas; and (7) require the joint venture to make and keep accurate books and records and to develop and maintain adequate internal accounting controls. Model provisions are maintained by the Atlas Compliance Team and should be used whenever possible. Also, please refer to the Legal Department Policies and Procedures Manual for further guidance regarding appropriate contractual provisions. If Atlas acquires an interest in an existing joint venture and in connection with such acquisition becomes a party to an existing joint venture agreement, then commercially reasonable efforts must be used to incorporate the requirements of this Policy into the existing agreement. If this is not possible, the Atlas General Counsel must be consulted prior to the closing of the acquisition and consent of the Atlas General Counsel to the provisions of the existing agreement must be requested. The Atlas Legal Department shall maintain records of each completed agreement, and the Atlas Compliance Team shall maintain records of the annual certification and other supporting documentation. 4.2. MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS 4.2.1 In General As with joint ventures, Atlas risks vicarious liability in acquiring an interest in an entity because a company investing materially in, merging with or acquiring another entity may be held liable for actions taken by the other entity that would violate applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. Prior to signing any agreement relating to a merger or acquisition, an effective due diligence review 

 
19 
must be performed by the Atlas Compliance Team with respect to the target entity, and its sellers. This diligence must include conducting a review of the potential target, each of the members of its Board of Directors (or equivalent governing body) and each of its shareholders against the OFAC and other sanctions lists. In addition, the relevant requirements of the Atlas Global KYC Protocol must be complied. “Red flags” discovered during the course of due diligence should be brought to the immediate attention of the Atlas General Counsel. 4.2.2 Contractual Provisions When acquiring a company, the merger or acquisition agreement should require the seller and the acquired company to represent and warrant that: (1) neither the seller nor the acquired company or any of their wholly or partially owned subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents or other representatives have engaged in, or have any knowledge of, any conduct involving improper payments or falsified books and records; (2) none of the company's current or former owners (direct or indirect), directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents or other representatives are, or have been, Government Officials within the meaning of the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act or any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption law; and (3) the seller will indemnify the relevant Atlas entity for any breach of the anti-bribery and anti- corruption related representations and warranties in the agreement (and this indemnification will not be subject to any caps or limitations on survival). Model provisions are maintained by the Atlas Compliance Team and should be used whenever possible. Also, please refer to the Legal Department Policies and Procedures Manual for further guidance regarding appropriate contractual provisions. 4.2.3 Post-Acquisition Compliance After an acquisition of a company, or acquisition of a controlling interest in a company, the acquired company must be subject to this Policy. 4.3 INVESTMENT TRANSACTIONS A debt or equity investment in a company that does not result in Atlas acquiring control in the company may still pose risks. Atlas should avoid making any equity investment that could be perceived as an indirect payment to a Government Official or political party. Pay attention to “red 

 
20 
flags” or activity suggesting that improper payments have been or will be made. Before making, or committing to make, an investment in a company, a due diligence review must be performed. The extent of the procedures may depend, in part, on the size and nature of the investment and on the existence, if any, of any “red flags.” The agreement by which Atlas obtains its non-controlling interest should include as many protective provisions as possible. Finally, after acquiring a non-controlling interest in a company, that company's anti- bribery and anti-corruption compliance program should be monitored to the extent possible, and it must be ensured that Atlas in no way actively participates in or passively condones any improper or corrupt payments. V. ACCOUNTING PROCEDURES 5.1 FINANCIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND ACCOUNTING REQUIREMENTS It is Atlas’ policy to maintain accurate detailed records that fairly reflect each company’s transactions, regardless of whether they are domestic or international. It maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that the nature and purpose of all transactions are recorded as necessary to determine the transactions’ compliance with applicable anti-bribery and anti- corruption laws and this Policy regardless of whether the transactions are financially material. All Personnel are responsible for completely and accurately recording expenses and payments to third parties so that the business purpose, value and recipient is clear. Undocumented payments are prohibited, and false or misleading entries must never be made in Atlas’ books and records for any reason. No payment shall be approved or made with the express or implied agreement or intent that any part of it is to be used for any purpose other than that described by the documents supporting the payment. In the event that the supplier or service provider does not issue an invoice, and such practice is acceptable in the country or region concerned given the nature and value of the transaction (e.g., services provided by janitors, drivers, movers or guards that are not employed by Atlas), the related expenses must be recorded accurately in Atlas’ books and records. VI. REPORTING SYSTEM 6.1 REPORTING A POSSIBLE VIOLATION Any Personnel who is aware of a possible violation of this Policy or improper accounting or financial reporting or has a question as to whether a situation is a possible violation of this Policy or 

 
21 
constitutes improper accounting or financial reporting, should contact the Atlas Compliance Team. Please also refer to the Atlas’ Global Whistleblower Policy. We hope that Personnel will feel able to voice concerns openly. However, if you want to raise your concern confidentially, you may do it anonymously via the IRIS reporting system available in Atlas’ public website. Reports will be maintained confidential unless disclosure is required or deemed advisable in connection with any governmental investigation or report, in the interest of Atlas, or in the legal handling of the matter. Please bear in mind that if a reporting person chooses to remain anonymous, the scope and outcome of the investigation may be impacted. 6.2 INVESTIGATION OF A POSSIBLE VIOLATION All reports will be investigated. Recommended actions will be taken in light of the outcome of an investigation, including disciplinary steps where appropriate and consideration of whether any relevant authorities should be informed. It is important that reporting persons do not conduct their own investigations. Investigations of alleged violations may involve complex legal issues and acting on one’s own may compromise the integrity of the investigation. 6.3 RETALIATION PROHIBITED Atlas strictly prohibits retaliation, harassment, or intimidation against any Personnel or any other person who in good faith makes a report of suspected misconduct or wrongdoing. Please also refer to the Atlas’ Global Whistleblower Policy. 6.4 NO RIGHTS CREATED This Policy states the fundamental principles and key policies and procedures that govern the conduct of Atlas’ business as it pertains to applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. It is not intended to and does not create any rights in favor of, or any obligation to, any director, employee, or other Personnel, or any Third Party, client, supplier, competitor, stockholder or any other person or entity. VII. TRAINING Training on this Policy will be provided at each new Personnel’s induction and through periodic training for all Personnel. All Personnel must attend live training every calendar year either in person or by videoconferencing. 

 
22 
All Personnel with supervisory or management duties are also responsible for implementing the provisions of this Policy to help prevent violations. They must ensure that the Personnel under their direction or control are familiar with, and apply, the provisions of this Policy. VIII. COMPLIANCE ACTIVITY RECORDS The Atlas Compliance Team will maintain records of the following activities: • all reported entertainment expenses; • all reported gifts; and • all donations to charities, communities and individuals. Furthermore, the Atlas Compliance Team shall maintain records of: • each completed due diligence questionnaire and all executed anti-bribery certifications when engaging agents, consultants, representatives or other Third Parties who interact with Government Officials; and • all documentation, including the completed due diligence forms and original (and subsequent) anti-bribery certifications related to joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions and other equity transactions. On a quarterly basis, the Atlas General Counsel will present a compliance report to the Board of Directors in respect of the matters covered by the Policy, which shall include reported compliance issues, the status of investigations, and actions taken or proposed in response. Such reporting shall maintain confidentiality, unless disclosure to relevant authorities is required. IX. DISCIPLINARY ACTION Violations of this Policy must be reported immediately upon discovery to the Atlas Compliance Team. Disciplinary action, such as written warning, suspension, or termination, or any other consequences provided by the Atlas Code of Conduct, may be taken not only against those who authorize or participate directly in a violation of anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, trade controls or this Policy, but also against: 1) any individual who deliberately fails to report a violation, or suspected violation, as required; 2) any individual who deliberately withholds material and relevant information concerning a 

 
23 
violation; 3) any individual who fails to co-operate with an investigation into an actual or potential violation; and 4) any offender’s supervisor or manager, to the extent there was a lack of leadership, oversight, supervision or diligence. X. REVISIONS AND AMENDMENTS The Atlas General Counsel shall coordinate an annual review of this Policy and any related procedures and country-specific supplements. Any proposed revisions (other than to address clerical errors) shall be approved in accordance with the Atlas Approvals Protocol. Availability:  Atlas Policies Approved by: Board of Directors Approval Date: March 5, 2025 

 
24 
ATTACHMENT A EMPLOYEE CERTIFICATE I acknowledge that it is my responsibility to read and comply with the Global Atlas Anti-Bribery and Anti- Corruption Policy (the “Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy”) and to ensure that those whom I supervise also comply. I certify that I have read and comply with the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy. I further certify that all questions, issues, or possible violations of laws prohibiting improper payments, bribes or kickbacks, including any matters involving the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, which arose since my last certification have been discussed with the Atlas Compliance Team or the Atlas General Counsel, as required in the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy. I certify that neither I nor (to my knowledge) any other person, including but not limited to, any person whom I supervise, has made, authorized, or offered to make any loan, gift, donation, payment, or transfer of any other thing of value, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind to any “Government Official” as defined below or political party in connection with any business activity of the Atlas Renewable Energy platform (collectively “Atlas”) in a manner that would violate the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy. For purposes of this certificate, a “Government Official” has the meaning in the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, and includes: (i) any official, employee or representative of, or any other person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of, any (A) government, including any national, regional or local government (including, but not limited to, someone who holds a legislative, administrative or judicial position of any kind, whether appointed or elected), (B) political party, party official or political candidate, or (C) public international organization; or (ii) any person who exercises a public function for or on behalf of a country or for any public agency or enterprise of (or under the control or supervision of) that country. I have no reason to believe that the books, records and accounts of Atlas do not, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of Atlas. To the extent that my responsibilities relate to Atlas’ accounting and record-keeping procedures, I certify that I have kept accurate and complete records and reports with respect to any issues related to the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy. If I should learn or believe that Atlas or any of its representatives or business partners is, or may be, violating or causing Atlas to violate the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, I will immediately advise the Atlas Compliance Team or the Atlas General Counsel. Signature of Employee Date Printed Name and Title 

 
25 
ATTACHMENT B-1 ANNUAL CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE FOR AGENTS, CONSULTANTS, REPRESENTATIVES AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES I, [name], a duly authorized representative of [name of agent, representative, or consultant company] (the “Representative”), do hereby certify for and on behalf of such company, that neither I, nor to my knowledge any other person, including but not limited to every officer, director, employee, representative or agent of Representative who has had any direct involvement with any of the management or operations of the business of the Representative under the Agreement between Atlas and the Representative, has made, offered to make, or agreed to make any loan, gift, donation or payment, or transfer of any other thing of value directly or indirectly, whether in cash or in kind, to or for the benefit of any “Government Official” and/or political party, in connection with any business activity of the Atlas Renewable Energy platform. For purposes of this certificate, “Government Official” has the meaning in the Global Atlas Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy and includes: (i) any official, employee or representative of, or any other person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of, any (A) government, including any national, regional or local government (including, but not limited to, someone who holds a legislative, administrative or judicial position of any kind, whether appointed or elected), (B) political party, party official or political candidate, or (C) public international organization; or (ii) any person who exercises a public function for or on behalf of a country or for any public agency or enterprise of (or under the control or supervision of) that country. I will immediately advise the Atlas Compliance Team or the Atlas General Counsel should (i) I learn of any of the prohibited activities described above, or (ii) if there are any changes in the ownership or control of the Representative. I hereby confirm that neither I nor any other person at the Representative company is a Government Official. [REPRESENTATIVE] (Representative name) Date: By: Name: Title: 

 
26 
ATTACHMENT B-2 ANNUAL CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE SECONDEES I, [name], an employee of [xx] (“Company”), hired to provide services to Atlas as a secondee, do hereby certify, that neither I, nor to my knowledge any other person, including but not limited to every officer, director, employee, representative or agent of Atlas who has had any direct involvement with any of the management or operations of the business of the Company under the Agreement between Atlas and the Company, has made, offered to make, or agreed to make any loan, gift, donation or payment, or transfer of any other thing of value directly or indirectly, whether in cash or in kind, to or for the benefit of any “Government Official” and/or political party, in connection with any business activity of the Atlas Renewable Energy platform. For purposes of this certificate, “Government Official” has the meaning in the Global Atlas Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy and includes: (i) any official, employee or representative of, or any other person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of, any (A) government, including any national, regional or local government (including, but not limited to, someone who holds a legislative, administrative or judicial position of any kind, whether appointed or elected), (B) political party, party official or political candidate, or (C) public international organization; or (ii) any person who exercises a public function for or on behalf of a country or for any public agency or enterprise of (or under the control or supervision of) that country. I will immediately advise the Atlas Compliance Team or the Atlas General Counsel should (i) I learn of any of the prohibited activities described above. I hereby confirm I am not a Government Official. [REPRESENTATIVE] (Representative name) Date: By: Name: Title: 

 
 
27 
 ATTACHMENT C DUE DILIGENCE QUESTIONNAIRE FOR CHARITABLE DONATIONS TO REGISTERED ENTITIES 1. Date of request (DD/MM/YYYY): 2. Name of the Receiving Party (recipient): Address: Telephone: E-mail: Section A: Should be filled out by the Atlas employee that will serve as the primary point of contact for the Charitable Donation: 3. Does any employee or representative of the Receiving Party have any professional relationship with any Atlas company? YES NO If yes, inform below the names of the Receiving Party’s and Atlas’ employees or representatives. Name Position 4. To the best of your knowledge, are you aware if the Receiving Party or any of its management has been involved in any process or investigation relating to a financial crime, fraud, corruption, bribery, money laundering, etc.? YES NO If yes, please specify: 
 

 
 
28 
 5. Has an OFAC review been performed for the Receiving Party and all of its administrators (BOD members and legal representatives)? YES NO 6. Were there any “hits” during the OFAC search? Detail list Name Position 7. Amount of Charitable Donation: Will the donation be of products/ services or cash? Please, specify the type of donation: What is the amount of Charitable Donation? Local Currency _________________ / US$ ____________ I certify to the best of my knowledge that this donation or contribution is not a condition for, or to influence any governmental action or decision or to secure any other improper advantage: Requesting Party 
Signature Name: 
 Position: Date (DD/MM/YYYY): 


 
 
29 
 Section B: Should be filled out by the Receiving Party: 1. Date of requirement (DD/MM/YYYY): 
Telephone: Fax: e-mail: 2. Legal Representative: 3. What benefits does the Receiving Party provide to the community? 4. Does any employee or representative of the Receiving Party have any professional relationship with any Atlas company? YES NO Name Position 5. List names and official government identification number of the Receiving Party’s administrators (Board of Directors and Legal Representatives): Name and ID Position 6. Is any employee of the Receiving Party (e.g., Board of Directors, Legal Representative, owner, stakeholder, director, manager, employee, etc.) part of a government agency or a government official? YES NO Name Position 
 

 
 
30 
 7. Is any employee of the Receiving Party (e.g., Board of Directors, Legal Representative, owner, stakeholder, director, manager, employee, etc.) personally related to an employee of any Atlas company? YES NO Entity Atlas Employee Name Position Name Position 10. Signatures 
Entity’s Legal Representative Name: Position: Date: (DD/MM/YYYY) 


 
 
31 
 ATTACHMENT D DUE DILIGENCE QUESTIONNAIRE FOR THIRD PARTIES Third Party’s Name: Address: Phone: E-mail: Natural Person Legal Person Section A should be filled out by the responsible person in Atlas, in support of the activities in the contracting process with a Third Party (the “Contractor”). SECTION A: Is the Contractor part of any government entity? YES NO Which Has the Contractor any personal relationship with a government official, such as family member or close associate? YES NO What type? What type of services will the Contractor render? Estimated time of the services: What were the reasons to choose this Contractor? 


 
 
32 
 What will be the total amount of the services paid to the Contractor? 
 Is this amount comparable to the market? YES NO If no, what are the reasons for agreeing to pay this amount? Are you aware if the Contractor or any of its related companies have been involved in any kind of financial crime investigation, fraud, corruption bribery, money laundering, etc.? YES NO If yes, please give details in an additional page. Has an OFAC review been performed for the Contractor and all of its administrators (BOD members and legal representatives)? YES NO Were there any “hits” during the OFAC search? Detail list: Name Position 
 
 
 
 Signature Name: 
 Position: Date: 


 
 
33 
Section B must be filled out by the Third Party (“the Contractor”) as a support of the activities in the contracting process. SECTION B: Name (“the Contractor”): Address: Phone: Fax: e-mail: 
 Please provide full legal names, identification number, and position of the legal representatives and employees who will interact with government officials Name & ID Number Position Is the Contractor part of any government entity? YES NO Which Is the Contractor part of any larger corporate group? YES NO If yes, list the companies or corporations in an additional page, indicating, name, official government identification number, and address for each one. Is any owner, controlling shareholder, director, officer, senior level employee or agent a government official? YES (If yes, attach details) NO Signature of Contractor Name: Date: 
Owner: Legal Representative: 

 
 
34 
ATTACHMENT E ANNUAL CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE FOR JOINT VENTURE PARTNERS AND JOINT VENTURES I, , a duly authorized representative of (the “Company”) do hereby certify for and on behalf of the Company that neither the Company nor, to my knowledge any officer, director, employee, representative or agent of the Company have offered or agreed to make any loan, gift, donation or payment or transfer of any other thing of value directly or indirectly, whether in cash or in kind, to or for the benefit of any Government Official (as defined below) or political party to obtain or retain business or to secure any improper advantage for the Company or (the “Joint Venture”). For purposes of this certificate, “Government Official” has the meaning in the Atlas Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, and includes: (i) any official, employee or representative of, or any other person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of, any (A) government, including any national, regional or local government (including, but not limited to, someone who holds a legislative, administrative or judicial position of any kind, whether appointed or elected), (B) political party, party official or political candidate, or (C) public international organization; or (ii) any person who exercises a public function for or on behalf of a country or for any public agency or enterprise of (or under the control or supervision of) that country. I will immediately advise [FILL IN THE COMPANY OR THE PARTNER IF ATLAS IS GIVING CERTIFICATE] should I learn of any violation of any applicable anti bribery laws which would be reasonably likely to affect the Joint Venture. [NAME OF COMPANY] [SIGNATURE] [TYPED NAME] [DATE] 

 
 
35 
ATTACHMENT F-1 MEETINGS AND VISITS TO AND FROM GOVERNMENTAL ENTITIES AND OFFICIALS A. Notice of Meeting with Government Officials In the event of a visit or meeting with a Government Official, whether at the national, regional or local level, and whether environmental, labor, sectorial, fiscal, semi-fiscal, or of another nature, where substantive or relevant matters are discussed, reviewed or agreed, the Personnel who meet with the official must notify in advance (in case of pre-scheduled meetings) or immediately (if the visit is not pre-scheduled) the manager of the corresponding area. Likewise, the heads of the areas involved must be notified in writing about meetings that take place outside of Atlas offices or facilities. B. Meeting Participants All meetings and calls with Government Officials should be made by a minimum of two Personnel (one of whom should be an Atlas employee) and, if the matter is of a legal nature, a member of the Atlas Legal Team, if possible. If a Third Party will attend the meeting, such Third Party must have been approved by the Atlas Compliance Team in accordance with this Policy. Development, environmental and/or social consulting firms already vetted by the Atlas Compliance Team may meet with Government Officials without the presence of Atlas employees. C. Minutes of Meetings Unless the Atlas Compliance Team has approved an exception in accordance with this Attachment, minutes or a summary of every meeting with a Government Official must be delivered to the Atlas Compliance Team within 5 business days following the meeting. The minutes must list the persons who were present, the date, time and location of the meeting, and state the main matters discussed. A form of such minutes is contained below. The minutes should be kept by the Atlas area and the Atlas Compliance Team. The Atlas Compliance Team will maintain a log of all meetings with Government Officials. The Atlas Compliance Team may approve of exceptions from this minutes requirement for Atlas teams who regularly liaise with Government Officials as part of their daily business (e.g., Personnel who are negotiating a financing with an international financial institution), provided that procedures are established for periodic reporting to the Atlas Compliance Team of the names of the Government Officials, the general matters discussed, and the range of dates when discussions took place. D. Agreements with Government Officials No agreements may be reached or signed with a Government Official without the knowledge and pre-approval of the Atlas Legal and Compliance Teams. 

 
 
36 
ATTACHMENT F-2 FORM OF MINUTES FOR MEETINGS OR VISITS TO/FROM GOVERNMENT ENTITIES AND OFFICIALS Project:_________________________ Name of Government Official and Entity: _________________________ Date of Meeting: ________________ Time:_________________ Place:_______________ Attendees: [Include name of each attendee, including Atlas contributors and consultants, name of position, and who they represent.] Order of the day / Reason for visit: Summary of topics discussed: Pending commitments (if any): Date of next meeting (if any): _______________________ Name of Atlas contributor preparing the minutes: ___________________________ Signature: _________________________ Date:__________________ 

 
 
37 
 
www.AtlasRenewableEnergy.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://live.atlasrenewableenergy.com/assets/media/Atlas-Global-Whistleblower-Policy-Final-Approved-5-Mar-2025.pdf

1 
 
 Global Whistleblower Policy March 5, 2025 

 
 2 
INTRODUCTION Atlas Renewable Energy is committed to conducting its business in an ethical manner and in accordance with our values. This Global Whistleblower Policy (this “Policy”) sets forth the principles which govern whistleblowing and the reporting of grievances and complaints at Atlas. It is intended to encourage and enable employees, contractors and other stakeholders raise serious concerns so that they may be addressed, and inappropriate conduct and actions may be corrected. This Policy applies to all employees, officers, directors and contractors of any entities that are part of the Atlas Renewable Energy group (collectively “Atlas”, and each, an “Atlas Entity”), and to any other persons which, by contract or the application of another Atlas policy, this Policy is stated to apply. This Policy supersedes in full any other Atlas policy, procedure or protocol in respect of the matters covered by this Policy. Atlas Entities may supplement the contents of this Policy with additional provisions to the extent that such additions do not override or in any way conflict with this Policy, except to the extent required by applicable local law. I. Whistleblower Policy Any person who witnesses, or becomes aware, of any misconduct or wrongdoing at any Atlas office or plant or involving Atlas employees or contractors in the performance of their duties for Atlas may, and is encouraged to, report such misconduct or wrongdoing. Misconduct or wrongdoing may include, without limitation: • criminal activity; • danger to the health and safety of persons; • damage to property; • harm to the environment; • failure to comply with any legal or professional obligations or regulatory requirements; • bribery or corruption; • financial fraud or mismanagement; • negligence; • harassment; • sexual harassment; • breach of Atlas’ Code of Conduct or any internal policies and procedures; • conduct likely to damage Atlas’ reputation (including unethical conduct); • unauthorized disclosure of confidential information; and • the deliberate concealment of any of the above matters. Allegations of misconduct or wrongdoing must be made in good faith. Allegations should never be raised in bad faith or for the purpose of discrediting or damaging another person. Any allegations made with malicious intent or known by the reporting party to be false will be viewed as a breach of the Atlas Code of Conduct and will constitute a serious disciplinary offense. 

 
 3 
II. Reporting Channels A report of misconduct or wrongdoing may be made anonymously and confidentially by way of IRIS, available in Atlas’ public website.1 The IRIS reporting system is hosted and run independently from Atlas. In addition: • At Atlas’ plants, reports by an employee of a contractor may be made confidentially to a member of the Atlas ESG team; and • All Atlas’ employee reports may be made confidentially to a member of the Atlas Compliance Team, and in respect of financial misconduct or wrongdoing, or misuse of company resources or failure to comply with company procedures, Atlas’ Internal Audit. III. Confidentiality All reports will be treated in strict confidence. The identity of the reporting party (if disclosed) and the details of the report will only be shared on a “need-to-know” basis with those tasked with investigating and resolving the concern. In certain cases, for example where the nature of the report is criminal in nature or is otherwise subject to investigation by external authorities, Atlas may be required to disclose to the relevant authorities the name of the reporting party (if disclosed) and full details of the report received. IV. No Retaliation Atlas strictly prohibits any form of retaliation against any person for reporting a concern in good faith regarding misconduct or wrongdoing or for providing any assistance in an investigation, even if the report cannot be confirmed. Examples of retaliation may include, without limitation: • giving the reporting party a reprimand or a performance evaluation that is lower than it should be; • transfer the reporting party to a less desirable position; • threats to make, or actually make reports to authorities; • increased scrutiny; • spreading of false rumors; or • make the person's work more difficult (for example, by purposefully changing their work schedule to conflict with family responsibilities). Should a reporting party face retaliation, they should report the same through a reporting channel. Atlas employees involved in retaliation will face disciplinary action, up to and including immediate dismissal. 1 Available as of the date of this Policy at: IRIS - Conﬁdential Compliance Reporting System – Atlas Renewable Energy. 

 
 4

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://live.atlasrenewableenergy.com/are-admin-login

Powered by WordPress
Username or Email Address
Password
Remember Me
Lost your password?
← Go to atlas

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/atlas-renewable-energy-leaps-into-wind-power-market-with-newest-customer-enel-generacion-chile-s-a/

Atlas Renewable Energy Leaps Into Wind Power Market With Newest Customer, Enel Generación Chile S.A.
SANTIAGO, CHILE April 20, 2022 – Atlas Renewable Energy (Atlas) marks a new milestone with the development of its first wind power project with a long-term power purchase agreement (PPA) with Enel Generación Chile S.A. for 1.3 TWh/year. The portfolio’s three wind projects total 417 MW throughout Chile, helping accelerate its clean energy transition.
“Our first wind energy project solidifies our position as a company capable of developing different renewable technologies and adapting to the needs of customers in multiple markets across the globe,” said Alfredo Solar, general manager of Atlas Renewable Energy in Chile.
Enel Generación Chile Trading and Commercialization Manager, Alfredo Hott, said “With this agreement, Enel complements its renewable energy portfolio with additional wind power to offer its customers clean and competitive energy, in line with the contribution that the company is making to promote the country’s energy transition.”
Atlas’ Alpaca Portfolio consists of three wind projects that are set to begin operation in 2025. They will be located in the Araucania, Los Lagos and Maule regions of Chile.
“We are very proud to expand our work to the south of the country. Atlas already has a presence in Antofagasta, Atacama, and the Metropolitan Region. But with these projects, we’ll expand into Chile’s south and establish a presence in six regions of the country,” Solar said.
With the signing of this PPA, Atlas solidifies itself as the preferred partner for large-scale utilities in Latin America to procure clean, renewable energy. Previously, Atlas signed a similar PPA with Engie to develop Sol del Desierto, a solar plant located in Chile’s Atacama desert, which recently began operations.
1.3 TWh/yr is equivalent to powering the homes of 628,512 families in Chile, avoiding 671,488 tons of carbon pollution and equivalent to getting rid of about 145,975 cars from the streets of Santiago.
The construction of the project will facilitate the development of localized social programs designed by Atlas and will prioritize the inclusion and development of the local labor force. Similar programs that were developed during the construction of Sol del Desierto. One of that project’s initiatives was the “We are part of the same energy” program, which provided technical trainings to 66 local women, enabling them to apply for skilled jobs during the construction of the project as well as in other local jobs.
About Atlas Renewable Energy
Atlas Renewable Energy is a renewable energy generation company that has been developing, financing, constructing, and operating renewable energy projects under long-term contracts throughout the Americas since early 2017. Atlas Renewable Energy includes an experienced team with the longest track record in the renewable energy industry in Latin America. The company is recognized for its high standards in the development, construction, and operation of large-scale projects.
Atlas Renewable Energy is part of the Energy Fund IV, raised by Actis, one of the leading private equity investors in the energy sector. Atlas Renewable Energy’s growth is focused on the most stable markets in the region, using its proven expertise in development, marketing, and structuring to accelerate the transformation to clean energy. By actively engaging with the community and stakeholders at the heart of its strategy, the company works every day to deliver a cleaner future.
Atlas Renewable Energy is part of the Energy Fund IV, raised by Actis, one of the leading private equity investors in the energy sector. Atlas Renewable Energy’s growth is focused on the most stable markets in the region, using its proven expertise in development, marketing, and structuring to accelerate the transformation to clean energy. By actively engaging with the community and stakeholders at the heart of its strategy, the company works every day to deliver a cleaner future.
Share This Entry

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/atlas-renewable-energy-signs-largest-private-solar-ppa-in-latam/

ATLAS RENEWABLE ENERGY SIGNS LARGEST PRIVATE SOLAR PPA IN LATAM
Atlas repeats partnership with Albras, the largest aluminum producer in Brazil, with unprecedented 21-year US dollar power purchase agreement
SAO PAULO, APRIL 27, 2023 – Atlas Renewable Energy, a global leader in renewable energy, just signed a power purchase agreement with Albras, the largest primary aluminum producer in Brazil. Under the US dollar contract, Atlas will supply sustainable solar energy to Albras for 21 years, the longest term ever signed in Latin America for a corporate renewable energy PPA.
The energy provided to Albras under this PPA will be supplied by the Vista Alegre Photovoltaic Project, with operations expected to start in 2025. The plant will be located in the state of Minas Gerais with an installed capacity of 902 MWp and will generate approximately 2TWh/year, which is equivalent to removing more than 61,800 cars of the streets of Sao Paulo and offsetting approximately 154,000 tons of CO2 emissions per year.
“This is an important step for Atlas as we continue our focus to partner with corporate customers to support their energy transition to clean energy. The closing of our second contract with Albras attests to our ability to provide a compelling tailored energy solution to our customers. Furthermore, it offers predictability to the energy management of our customers looking to achieve their sustainability goals. The scale and term of this deal underscores Atlas’ ability to address the needs of large energy consumers with reliability of execution, while fostering best in class ESG programs in line with their values”, says Carlos Barrera, Atlas Renewable Energy’s CEO.
With this new power purchase agreement, the partnership between Atlas and Albras will enable the equivalent generation of renewable energy that could power a city with approximately 3 million inhabitants, such as Brasilia.
Furthermore, Atlas’ Vista Alegre will continue to enable ESG practices to instill long-term benefits and promote sustainable practices for the nearby communities. “We are all part of the same energy,” Atlas’ flagship social program will be implemented to promote diversity and inclusion within the renewable energy sector by training local women in technical skills and mobilizing its contractors to include them in their recruiting process, aiming to reach more than 15% of female representation within the construction of the plant.
About Atlas Renewable Energy
Atlas Renewable Energy is an international renewable energy generation company with over 4 GW of contracted projects, of which 2.2 GW are operational. Atlas specializes in developing, financing, constructing, and operating renewable energy projects throughout the Americas since early 2017. The company includes an experienced team with a deep global power market and renewable energy expertise, with the longest track record in the renewable energy industry in the Americas and Europe.
The company’s strategy is focused on helping large corporates make the energy transition to 100% clean energy. Atlas Renewable Energy is widely recognized for its high standards in the development, construction, and operation of large-scale projects, as well as a deep and long-standing track record in ESG and sustainable development.
For more information, visit: www.AtlasRenewableEnergy.com
Share This Entry

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://live.atlasrenewableenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/PDF_I-RECs-RECs.pdf

I-REC s & REC s
W e no w pr o vide Rene w able Ener gy 
C er tificat es f or int er national 
c omp anies with pr esenc e in Br azil
RE C s ar e an effic ient and af f or dable solution f or an y 
c omp anies seeking t o c ompensat e their car bon 
emissions in Br azil and t ogether build a c le aner futur e!
I-RE C s ha v e bec ome an e as y w a y t o of fset y our c omp an y ’ s car bon f ootpr int b ased on y our ener gy 
c onsumption without ha ving t o ent er int o a long- t er m agr eement . Rene w able Ener gy C er tificat es, also 
k no wn as I-RE C s, ar e glob al c er tificat es that pr o v e the gener ation of ener gy thr ough r ene w able sour c es. 

I-RE C Ser vic e is a glob al ener gy en vir onmental at tr ibut e tr ac king s y st em designed t o f ac ilitat e r eliable 
car bon ac c ounting f or c omp anies, c omp atible with v ar ious int er national car bon ac c ounting standar ds.
E ac h I-RE C is equiv alent t o 1 M Wh of ener gy and can neutr aliz e the emission of sc ope 2 of the GHG P r ot oc ol.
The Rene w able Ener gy C er tification P r ogr am “RE C Br azil” is an initiativ e that aims t o f ost er 
the mar k et of ener gy gener at ed fr om r ene w able sour c es and with high perf or manc e in t er ms 
of sustainabilit y .
The objec tiv e of the pr ogr am is t o demonstr at e the imp ac t of the p ar tic ip ating gener at or s in t er ms of the 
Unit ed Nations’ Sustainable De v elopment Go als (SDGs). The cr it er ion f or c er tification then ser v es as pr oof 
that the gener at or f ost er s at le ast fiv e of the se v ent een UN’ s SDGs.
1221 Br ic k ell A v e. Suit e 12 00Miami, 
FL 3 3131 USA
+ 1 7 86 3 58 5614
Managed b y the T otum Institut e W ith the suppor t of :
What is an I-REC?
T he dif f er enc e fr om REC Br azil
T he pr oc ess of a 
r ene w able ener gy cr edit 
in the elec tr ic it y gr id


I-RE C s ar e perf ec t f or
an y ener gy c onsumer
Our RE C s Br azil mak e a dif f er enc e
RE C Br azil is a unique cat egor y designed b y the T otum Institut e, whic h 
mak es the dif f er enc e. A tlas pr o vides RE C Br azil in c omplianc e with all 
of the UN’ s SDGs.

By ac quir ing RE C s Br azil fr om A tlas, y our c omp an y will aut omatically 
bec ome sponsor and pr omot er of :

Qualit y of E ducation, Gender E qualit y , Cle an and Af f or dable Ener gy , 
Dec ent W or k and E c onomic Gr o w th, Industr y , Inno v ation and 
Infr astruc tur e, Reduc ed Inequalities, Sustainable Cities and 
C ommunities, Responsible C onsumption and P r oduc tion, Climat e 
A c tion, and muc h mor e.
An y c omp an y fr om an y industr y can ac quir e I-RE C s t o of fset its ener gy c onsumption. A t A tlas, w e of f er I-RE C 
c er tificat es e ac h y e ar t o all c omp anies with oper ations in Br azil, and w e also pr o vide RE C Br azil as an added 
v alue that c er tifies that the r ene w able ener gy gener at ed b y our pr ojec ts c omplies with the Unit ed Nations’ 
Sustainable De v elopment Go als.
Of fset ting a c omp an y ’ s car bon f ootpr int has ne v er been e asier and mor e af f or dable. C omp anies can no w 
pur c hase 1 r ene w able ener gy c er tificat e f or e ac h M Wh c onsumed.

This tr ansac tion w or k s in t w o w a y s: it br ings c omp anies c loser t o their sustainable go als and suppor ts the 
addition of c le aner ener gy sour c es t o the national gr id.
Wh y ar e c omp anies buying I-REC s?
1221 Br ic k ell A v e. Suit e 12 00Miami, 
FL 3 3131 USA
+ 1 7 86 3 58 5614
R e a d y t o s t a r t o f f s e t t i n g y o u r c a r b o n f o o t p r i n t ?
Of fset ting a c omp an y ’ s car bon f ootpr int has ne v er been e asier and mor e af f or dable . C omp anies can no w 
pur c hase 1 r ene w able ener gy c er ti fi cat e f or e ac h M Wh c onsumed . T his tr ansac tion w or k s in t w o w a y s : it br ings 
c omp anies c loser t o their sustainable go als and suppor ts the addition of c le aner ener gy sour c es t o the 
national gr id .
C ontac t us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://atlasrenewableenergy.com/contact?formid=1

Contact
Contact us
Get a personalized offer
Fill the form below, and someone from our team will be in touch with you.
Want to join our team?
Fill out the form below and upload your resume.
Want to just get in touch? Please send us an email to:
[email protected]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------