ROOT: https://guttmanenergy.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:12:09.692964Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://guttmanenergy.com/

Fueling Energy Intelligence Since 1931
Nine Decades of Innovative Energy
Founded in 1931 and based in Belle Vernon, PA, Guttman Energy Inc., is a full-service fuel distribution enterprise providing fuel solutions, products, procurement, and programs to a wide variety of commercial, industrial, retail, and governmental organizations.
Guttman Energy is committed to providing safe, reliable, and customized fuel and energy solutions that save our customers time and money. With nearly 95 years of unmatched industry experience, we leverage our supply and fuel expertise, market intelligence, and industry-leading logistics to offer an innovative and comprehensive approach to all of our customers’ energy needs.
Your Partner for all your Energy Solutions
Fuel Supply & Services
Fuel Products
- On-and-Off-Road Diesel
- Winter Additives, Biocide & Water Disbursement
- Home Heating Oil & Kerosene
- Gasoline: Regular, Unleaded, Midgrade, Premium, 87 Octane & Unleaded with Ethanol
Oil & Gas
- Natural Gas & Propane
- Compressed Natural Gas (CNG)
- Auto Fuelers & Diesel Exhaust Fluid (DEF)
Renewable Energy
- Carbon Offsets
- Ethanol & Biodiesel
Learn More About Our Comprehensive Energy Solutions

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/about-guttman-energy/

Fueling Innovative Energy Intelligence for Nine Decades
Since 1931, Guttman Energy, Inc. has been providing customers with customized fuel products and innovative energy solutions. Industrial, commercial, retail, and transportation operations rely on Guttman for our industry expertise and our customized fueling and delivery services.
On November 30, 2022, Guttman Energy, Inc., along with Guttman Renewables, LLC, and Source One Transportation, LLC united to form Guttman Holdings, Inc. as part of an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP).
Learn more about Guttman Holdings and the ESOP.
Driven by Our Mission & Core Values
At Guttman Holdings, our Fuel and Energy Solutions Align with our Core Values, Mission, and Vision.
Mission
Our mission is to provide our customers with comprehensive energy solutions and the most efficient and customized fuel distribution, delivery, and service possible.
Safety and respect — for our fellow employee owners, customers, vendors, and the communities where we operate and serve — are top priorities that shape our culture and guide our daily operations.
Our Common Purpose
As an energized, engaged, and employee-owned and led team, we’re committed to:
Fueling our customers’ success, so that each of our employee owners and their families can prosper.
Our Core Values
We live our core values daily and strive to embody them in all of our work:
Our Employee Owners Live Our Core Values
Core Values
The Guttman Difference
What makes Guttman Energy so different? It’s much more than our products, it’s our partnerships with our customers built on tested and efficient fueling practices– fine-tuned with more than nine decades of experience and expertise.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/about-guttman-energy/about-guttman-holdings/

Guttman Holdings, Inc.
Our 100% Employee-Owned Company
In 2022, Guttman Energy, Inc., Source One Transporation, LLC, and Guttman Renewables, LLC united to form Guttman Holdings, Inc. as part of an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP).
As a 100% employee-owned company, each of our employee owners has a financial stake in our customers’ satisfaction and our company’s growth and success. As employee owners, we live by our core values and rally behind our common purpose:
“We fuel our customers’ success so that each of our employee owners and their families can prosper.”
EMPLOYEE OWNERSHIP MATTERS
How Shared Success Creates Lasting Value
ESOPs − like Guttman Holdings, Inc. − produce a culture of committed and empowered employees, who are deeply motivated to serve their customers, and their communities. Guttman Holdings’ employee owners are directly invested in the success of our 100% employee-owned company. As a result, our customers and the communities we serve also reap the benefits. Here’s how.
Benefits to our Employee Owners, their Families & Our Company
- Wealth Building Accumulation & Additional Retirement Savings
- Enhanced Financial Education
- Higher Job Satisfaction
- Personal Growth & Empowerment
- Collaborative Company Culture
- Increased Motivation, Engagement & Productivity
Customer Benefits
- Personalized, Prompt & Exceptional Customer Service
- Innovative Solutions & New or Improved Products
- Greater Flexibility & Adaptability
- Continuous Improvement
Community & Economic Benefits
- Wealth Stays Local: Community Investment Creates More Robust Local Economies
- Stable Jobs
- Philanthropic Support & Volunteer Service
- Sustainable Growth Focused on Long-term Success
Whether you’re a current or prospective employee owner of Guttman Energy or Source One Transportation, one of our customers, or a member of one of the communities we operate in, there are clear benefits that make employee ownership a win-win for all. When our customers and our company succeed, our ESOP grows, our communities and local economies strengthen, and each of our employee owners and their families can thrive.
Why We’re Pround to Work Here
Hear from our Employee Owners at Guttman Holdings
Core Values
Benefits of Employee Ownership
COME WORK WITH US
Experience Employee Ownership
Guttman Holdings offers each of its employee owners rewarding careers, a collaborative and empowering company culture, wealth building opportunities, additional retirement benefits, and professional development.
To learn more about Employee Stock Ownership Plans and the benefits of employee ownership, review The ESOP Association and The National Center for Employee Ownership’s websites.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/about-guttman-energy/the-benefits-of-employee-ownership/

Employee Ownership Matters
The Impact of Shared Success
Employee ownership is a different approach to business and a game-changer for everyone involved. Employee-owned companies produce a culture of committed and empowered employees, who are deeply motivated to serve their customers, and their communities. As a 100% employee-owned company, Guttman Holdings’ employee owners are directly invested in the success of the company. As a result, our customers, and the communities we serve – also reap the benefits.
Benefits To Our Employee Owners, Their Families & Our Company
A Business Model That Rewards Everyone
Wealth Building Accumulation & Enhanced Retirement Savings
The biggest benefit of employee ownership is the ability to build life-changing and equitable wealth. As our company grows and becomes more profitable, the value of our ESOP and our employee owners’ shares increase, resulting in financial gains and increased retirement savings.
Increased Financial Education & Literacy
We want our employee owners to understand how their actions affect the company’s performance and their own financial well-being. We provide financial education and resources to empower employee owners to make better personal financial decisions, further enhancing their ability to reach their goals and prosper.
Personal Empowerment & Growth
Working for an employee-owned company like Guttman Holdings fosters a sense of empowerment, pride, and personal growth. Our employee owners have a greater role in company decisions and a clearer understanding of how their actions contribute to the company’s success – often leading to higher job satisfaction and a more fulfilling career.
Increased Engagement, Collaboration & Enhanced Company Culture
When our employee owners are financially invested in the growth of the business, they develop a sense of ownership knowing they are part of something bigger, including a stronger, more cohesive team. This link between effort and reward also means employee owners are more motivated and engaged at work.
Increased Job Security & Retention
Employee-owned companies tend to have lower turnover rates and higher job security. Because our employee owners have a financial stake in the company, they are more committed to its success, leading to a more stable and productive work environment.
The Advantages Of Doing Business With A 100% Employee-owned Company
How Our Customers Benefit
Personalized Customer Service
Our dedicated employee owners can customize and optimize fuel and energy solutions to meet various needs. We get to know our customers on a personal level, promptly answer their questions, and go the extra mile to ensure long-term relationships.
Increased Engagement & Innovation
Guttman’s ownership culture fosters trust, collaboration, and increased employee owner engagement, often resulting in improved customer service, new or improved products, and innovative solutions.
Enhanced Productivity & Continuous Improvement
Guttman’s employee owners are directly invested in the success of the company and actively seek opportunities to enhance operations. This proactive approach allows us to adapt and respond quickly to changing customer needs, market demand, and industry trends.
Community & Economic Benefits
The Local Value of Employee Ownership
Wealth Stays Local
ESOP companies emphasize the importance of remaining and investing in the community. Stronger companies that are rooted in place create more robust local economies.
Stable Jobs
Communities benefit from companies who provide jobs for local people. The job stability offered to Guttman Holdings’ employee owners translates into a stronger and more resilient local economy. Employee-owned companies are often 4x more likely
to retain jobs.
Philanthropic & Volunteer Support
ESOP companies demonstrate their commitment to local and disadvantaged communities through financial support and volunteer service. Guttman employee owners volunteer their time and provide donations to local charities, organizations, and events.
Sustainable Growth
As an employee-owned company, we prioritize sustainable growth, focusing on our long-term success rather than short-term gains, which allows us to make strategic decisions that benefit our company, customers, communities, and local economies.
Ownership Creates Impact
For Our Company, Customers, and Communities
Whether you’re a current or prospective employee owner of Guttman Energy, Inc. or Source One Transportation, Inc., a customer, or part of the communities we serve, employee ownership creates clear, lasting value. Our employee owners have a direct financial interest in our company’s growth and our customers’ success. That shared investment drives higher performance, stronger service, and long-term relationships. As our ESOP grows, so do the opportunities for our people, our customers, and the communities we call home.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/about-guttman-energy/community-outreach/

Building a Culture of Social Responsibility
Guttman Holdings cares about the many communities that we serve. We know the strength of the cities and towns in which we operate is as vital to our long-term success as our investment in our employee owners, customers, and our company’s growth, as well as our technology and our equipment. Guttman Holdings and its employee owners give back to individuals, families, and communities in meaningful and effective ways, including contributions of time, leadership, and financial assistance.
Organizations Served
By strengthening and empowering our communities, we believe we can foster success and vitality on both a personal and an organizational level for years to come. A few of the philanthropic organizations we support include:
The mission of United Way is to improve people’s lives by mobilizing the caring power of communities. Guttman Energy has been a proud supporter of United Way for more than 40 years and has been recognized by the United Way with the Pacesetter and Gold Awards. The ongoing support of the United Way is just one way that Guttman employees serve our communities and demonstrate social responsibility.
The Salvation Army is an international movement and an evangelical part of the universal Christian Church that provides hunger relief, addiction and disaster services support, holiday gifts, and many other human services. Guttman Energy supports their local chapter – The Salvation Army of Monessen and has served the Mon Valley communities by collecting and donating food, coats, and toys.
For the past few years, Guttman Energy’s Brand Ambassador Team and additional employees have supported the Charleroi Area School District’s “Stuff-the-Bus” school supply drive. This program was organized by the former superintendent of the Charleroi School District. Over the summer, Guttman employees collect and donates hundreds of new school supplies to local students (K-12) in need. Some of those team members also volunteer to transport the supplies and
“pack the bus.”
Guttman Energy is a proud sponsor of the Jewish Federation of Pittsburgh. Since its founding in 1912, the Federation has been the catalyst for building and strengthening the Jewish Community of Pittsburgh. Through its planting and fundraising efforts, the Jewish Federation has worked to enhance the quality of life for all members of the Jewish community — in Pittsburgh, Israel, and throughout the world.
Bag Brigade is a local community outreach organization that provides hunger relief in the Mon Valley. It began in 2016 when two volunteers started to collect food for local families. Bag Brigade has grown significantly and now provides food to children and families in need throughout the Belle Vernon School District. Guttman employees have collected food that is distributed in backpacks, so children have food to eat over the weekends. Prior to and during the pandemic, Guttman Energy’s team members have organized food collection drives for the community, in addition to the Company’s financial support.
Guttman Energy donated 64 laptops to The Jerome Bettis Bus Stops Here Foundation. Jerome’s Foundation has worked with the Education Partnership and Computer Reach in the past to provide students who don’t have laptops with the technology and equipment they need to pursue remote learning, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The “Pack the Bus” technology drive was held for students in Pittsburgh.
The Foundation accepts used laptops, tablets or monetary donations to assist children with technology-related education needs and access.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/about-guttman-energy/guttman-energys-commitment-to-safety/

Our Safety Commitment
At Guttman Holdings, safety is an intrinsic part of our culture—from our drivers and managers to our senior leadership, and every member of our team. We believe that safety is everyone’s responsibility, and as an employee-owned and led Company, we all take that commitment very seriously. Cultivating a culture of safety is a top priority for all of us.
Just as we seek to continuously improve the services that we provide to our customers; we are involved in continuously improving practices and procedures that will make our workplace even safer for all our employee owners. Our goal is always zero accidents or injuries. We require that our employee owners perform their jobs in a manner that ensures their safety, our customers and the public’s safety, as well. Guttman Energy is ISNetworld- and PICS-certified.
Safety in Every Decision
Our commitment to safety includes incorporating safety across all facets of our business. We require background checks for all of our employees and hire only experienced drivers. We monitor weather patterns and install event recorders in our trucks to ensure optimal conditions for deliveries and mandate that if a delivery is deemed unsafe, it will remain unscheduled until the situation is resolved.
Four-Tiered Safety Infrastructure
At the top level, our Executive Safety committee establishes best practices and protocols for Company-wide safety and security. Safety committees determine how those protocols can be best implemented, as well as discuss any potential safety issues. Safety champions then take the safety information back to their teams within the organization and serve as advocates and liaisons between the safety committees and the rest of the team. This process is how safety practices are distributed and implemented to the fourth tier: all Guttman employees.
Robust Safety Training
We understand that safety starts with the proper training. Our world-class education programs often exceed regulatory requirements to meet high Company standards. Our employees are well-prepared to do their jobs and ensure their own safety and the safety of others. Smith System training is required for all of our professional drivers and is highly encouraged for all employees. Additional training programs include OSHA 10 and Safeland.
Safety Recognition
Our driving employees are dedicated to delivering products every day incident-free and error-free. They deliver this promise of high-quality service and are recognized quarterly for their efforts with a safety incentive package that reflects outstanding
continued performance.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/about-guttman-energy/history-of-guttman-energy/

Nine Decades of Continued Innovation and Growth
In 1931, Jacob Guttman started his business with a single gas station in McKeesport, PA.
For decades, industrial, commercial, retail, and transportation operations across the eastern United States have trusted Guttman for fuel distribution, delivery, and customized service.
On November 30, 2022, Guttman Energy, one of the region’s largest private companies, Guttman Renewables, and Source One Transportation, united to form one new Company – Guttman Holdings as part of an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). The companies within this ESOP will continue to market under their current names, in the same markets, and are expected to continue their significant growth and success.
Guttman Holdings is a full-service fuel distribution enterprise that provides customers with the safest, most efficient, customized, and comprehensive fuel delivery and service possible. Now as one energized, engaged, and employee-owned and led team, each of us at Guttman Holdings has a heightened sense of commitment to our customers’ and vendors’ goals, our Company, and our performance.
United by a common purpose, our vision is to build a stronger future for all our stakeholders, by taking personal ownership of our Company’s growth, and ensuring our collective long-term success.
1922
Prior to entering the petroleum business in 1931, Jacob Guttman owned Guttman's Sanitary Market, a McKeesport, PA meat market
1931
Jacob Guttman opens his first gas station, Guttman Super Service, at the corner of Ninth and Market Streets in McKeesport, PA.
1940
Jacob is granted a full-line Texaco distributorship to market fuels and lubricants in Washington County, PA.
1947
The Guttman business expands to northwestern Pennsylvania and eastern Ohio through acquisition of Mercer County Oil Company, later renamed Guttman Petroleum Company.
1950
Guttman Realty Company is created to own, lease and develop properties for service stations and other businesses
1958
Guttman Oil expands Texaco distributorship into West Virginia.
1960
With the purchase of the motor vessel Cherokee, Mon River Towing, Inc. begins operations in 1960 to establish the means for transporting petroleum products in bulk quantities by barge.
1972
Mon River Towing builds a unit tow that allows the company to service customers beyond Guttman Oil.
1984
Guttman Oil enters the convenience store market, eventually building a chain of twenty eight Crossroads Food Marts.
1989
Guttman Oil creates commercial card-access fueling division to capitalize on new market opportunities.
2001
Source One Transportation, LLC is created to manage fuel transportation for Guttman Oil.
2002
Bulk Terminal Storage is created to operate a pipeline storage facility in Aurora, OH and river facilities in Speers, PA and Star City, WV.
2005
Guttman Oil sells joint venture interest to Giant Eagle and becomes the fuel supplier to GetGo convenience stores.
2006
Mon River Towing, with a fleet of 15 towboats and over 300 barges, is sold to CONSOL Energy Sales Company.
2013
Guttman Oil expands and diversifies its business by entering the natural gas and electricity markets. A new division, Guttman Energy, is created to supply natural gas and electricity to commercial and industrial customers
2022
Guttman Energy, Guttman Renewables, and Source One Transportation united to form one new, employee-owned and led Company called Guttman Holdings as part of an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). Guttman Holdings is 100% employee-owned.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/about-guttman-energy/meet-our-fuel-sales-team/

Sales Team & Employee Owners, Guttman Holdings
Guttman Holdings is known for its personal and meticulous customer service provided by an experienced Sales team. Our energized and engaged employee-owned and led team is here for you, so please don’t hesitate to contact any member directly.
Fuels Division
Josh Benner
Senior Sales Representative
Bill Benson III
Sales Representative
Kristie DeJuliis
Account Manager
Matt Denver
Commercial Sales Representative
Adam Dunlap
Business Development Manager - Oil & Gas
Ted Hilinski
Senior Sales Representative
Justin Jeffers
Sr. Business Development Manager
Kyle McCarthy
Oil and Gas Supervisor
...
Close
Fleet Solutions Division
Jason Albring
Account Representative
Markee Bittner
Account Representative
Ben Carson
Customer Success Manager
Joseph Combine
Sales Manager
Fasy Greevy
Customer Success Manager
James Osborn
Account Representative
Sally Necomer
Customer Success Manager
Matt Reese
Account Representative
Matt Rice
Sales Business Intelligence Analyst
Nick Stanley
Account Representative
Ryan Treadwell
Account Representative
Michael Yavorsky
Account Representative
Barb Zearley
Account Representative
...
Close

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/about-guttman-energy/executive-leadership/

Guttman Holdings Leadership
At Guttman Holdings, our commitment to personalized customer service and our employee-owned culture of excellence are driven by our Board of Directors, and our Executive Leadership team and their collective wisdom, extensive industry experience, and expertise. Our senior leaders are committed to ensuring our customers’ and our Company’s long-term growth, and all our stakeholders’ continued success.
Meet our Executive Leadership Team
and Employee Owners
At Guttman Holdings, our commitment to personalized customer service and our employee-owned culture of excellence are driven by our Board of Directors, and our Executive Leadership team and their collective wisdom, extensive industry experience, and expertise. Our senior leaders are committed to ensuring our customers’ and our Company’s long-term growth, and all our stakeholders’ continued success.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/fuel-transportation-delivery-logistics/

Source One
A Guttman Holdings Company
When your fuel absolutely needs to get there, Source One rises above the rest. Combining intelligent logistics technology with responsible and efficient drivers, Source One is your go-to solution for all your fuel transportation services. From fuel procurement to distribution – Source One delivers with precision, innovation, reliability – and does so, SAFELY.
Ready to learn more about all the ways you can manage your fuel distribution and logistics?
Speak with a Source One Rep:
Justin Jeffers
jjeffers@source01.com
330-458-9909
Interested in driving for Source One?
Source One Services
Source One Safety
Source One takes great pride in the many ways it delivers safe and secure fuel to its customers. Maintenance technicians are on staff and available to make sure vehicles are serviced, and undergo constant routine equipment maintenance. Full-time Trainers are always on staff. It is safe to say that Source One cares.
Operation Centers
With operations in Pennsylvania and Ohio, Source One customers within the area can expect fast and efficient fuel distribution services from our twelve different locations.
Ohio
– Aurora, OH
– Columbus, OH
– Dayton, OH
– Youngstown, OH
– Cleveland, OH
– Toledo, OH
– Canton, OH
– Lima, OH
Pennsylvania
– Altoona, PA
– Delmont, PA
– Belle Vernon, PA
– Barkeyville, PA
– Harrisburg, PA
– Neville Island, PA
– Sinking Spring, PA
– Lititz, PA
West Virginia
– Star City, WV

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/fleet-fuel-card/

Solutions Backed by One Trusted Partner
Fleet Fuel Card
The Best Fleet Fuel Card in the Business
Designed for truck fleets and independent owners who understand the power of a trusted fueling partner.
Partner Network Program
Create Your Own Branded Fuel Card
Grow your business as a fuel card reseller and surround your customers with comprehensive fueling benefits.
Fuelgood Program
Energize Your Workforce
Reward your employees with everyday fuel savings and an exclusive benefit they’ll actually appreciate.
Guttman Energy Fleet Solutions
Turnkey Trucking & Transport Services
Guttman Energy Fleet Solutions delivers comprehensive fleet management and fueling solutions designed to save your company time, money, and hassle. Our wide-ranging services and products are anchored by our exclusive fuel card offerings. With no hidden fees and unmatched customer service, our fuel card programs are built to simplify fuel management while maximizing business performance and benefits.
Backed by decades of experience and a long legacy of industry leadership, Guttman Energy Fleet Solutions provides you with a deep understanding of energy markets, transportation expertise, and the personal touch of a smaller organization.
A Fleet Fuel Card That Makes You the Center of Attention
Surrounded By Service
One partner.
Three cards.
Unlimited Fleet Solutions.
Guttman Fleet Solutions is your all-in-one Fuel card partner. Watch our video and discover our three powerful options.
Ready to Find Out How Much Your Fleet Could Be Saving?
Free Fuel Spend Analysis
Get a Free Fuel Spend Analysis from Guttman Energy and discover where your fleet can save. Our experts will review your fuel usage and spending to uncover hidden costs and new opportunities—at no cost to you.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/fleet-fuel-card/frequently-asked-questions-about-guttmans-fleet-fuel-card/

Yes, reach out to your Guttman Energy representative to learn more about how we can help your business save at the pump.
Our fuel card offers an open line of credit, with no volume or time commitment contracts. There are no charges to start or stop the program at any time.
Typically, the credit approval process takes between 3-5 business days depending how quickly we hear back from your financial institution and trade references.
Our fuel card is used to purchase fuel and basic fleet supplies such as fluids or wiper blades.
Yes, your fuel card representative will contact you by phone and email once your credit application has been processed.
Please contact your personal Fuel Card representative or call our Customer Service line at 724-489-5199.
We take fraud prevention seriously. Guttman Energy employs real-time monitoring and alerts for suspicious activity to detect fraudulent account behavior. Your business’ well-being is our main priority.
Find Your Fuel Card Customer Service Agent
If you want to learn more about our programs and benefits before you commit, no problem. Fill out an information request. Or call us — we’ll do the work for you.
"*" indicates required fields

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/fleet-fuel-card/about-guttman-energy-fleet-solutions/

About Guttman Energy Fleet Solutions
A trusted partner delivering customized fuel solutions for fleets of all sizes
A Fuel Solution Backed by Intelligence
Guttman Energy has 90+ years of experience in the petroleum market. With this fuel expertise, our employee owners are empowered to create energy solutions for small businesses and big corporations, in markets from agriculture to government and everything in between. All this experience makes for what we call fueling energy intelligence, which includes giving your business the best Fleet Card solutions.
Customer Service that Stands Out
As an employee-owned company under Guttman Holdings, Guttman Energy Fleet Solutions believes the experience of its customers is a direct reflection of the dedication of our employee owners. For Fleet Fuel Card holders, that means attentive and always-available customer service, on their terms. From the beginning, Guttman Energy puts customers in touch with their own exclusive, dedicated account representative, and they stay in contact with the same person every time they reach out.
The Best Experience Possible
Energy connects us all, so we work with you, not against you, to give your fleet the best experience possible. We offer multiple Fleet Fuel Card payment options so customers can choose what works best with their business model. If customers have trouble managing or budgeting their Fleet Fuel Card, Guttman Energy will reach out to work out a solution. That’s just one of the benefits of having a real person at your service—and on your side—24/7.
What Customers are Saying About Guttman Energy Fleet Solutions
Working with our Guttman Energy representative has been an easy switch. He is available to be reached if I have any questions or needs.”
Guttman Energy Fleet Solutions is a very user-friendly program when it comes to adding trucks and drivers. Fuel cards are accepted in nearly every truck stop. And our Fleet Fuel Card representative has been very helpful!”
We decided to use Guttman Energy because our previous Fleet Card Program would not increase our credit limit to what was needed for our business. We also found that Guttman Energy offered better discounts than our previous fuel card provider and had less transaction fees.”
Proudly 100% Employee-Owned
Invested in Your Success
At Guttman Energy, every employee has a stake in your success. As a 100% employee-owned company, we bring a deeper level of accountability, pride, and commitment to the work we do. This ownership mindset drives us to deliver exceptional service, build long-term partnerships, and go above and beyond for every customer.
Ready to Start Saving?
Let’s talk about how Guttman Energy Fleet Solutions can help you reduce costs, streamline operations, and gain better control over your fuel spend.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/credit-card-payment-plan/

Our customers asked, and we listened.
Another Way to Pay
Guttman Energy’s Fleet Fuel Card Services Division is now accepting payment via ANY major business credit or debit card. Take advantage of our credit card payment program for total convenience.
With Guttman Energy, you get the option of automatically paying fuel-card invoices with conventional business credit or debit cards through the advanced automated billing technology provided by Pineapple Payments.
Just another way Guttman Energy offers quicker and smarter solutions. Go ahead, harness fueling intelligence. Go with Guttman today.
Program Highlights
How does the payment plan work for you?
- Weekly invoices are charged automatically to the business Credit/Debit card on file.
- Payment terms are net 3 days, with weekly charges applied to your credit card every Wednesday.
- Amount charged to the Credit/Debit card on file is the invoice amount as stated in the standard Guttman weekly Fleet Management Report and Invoice, plus a small convenience charge.
Interested?
Complete the form, and a sales representative will be in contact to get you started. Existing customers may also correspond directly with their designated sales representative.
"*" indicates required fields
Pineapple Payments is a subsidiary of Fiserv, a leading global fintech and payments company.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/industries-served/

Energy Shaped to Fit Your World
Across the open spaces of America, industry never stops moving. Our markets never take a holiday. What does this incredibly diverse and vast collection of businesses have in common? They all run on fuel. That’s where we come in, providing fuel and energy solutions tailored to each market’s unique requirements.
The Power of Customized Solutions
Over 10 markets served. Unique solutions and precise customer service for each and every customer. That’s fueling intelligence.
Another way to pay
Take advantage of our credit card payment program for total convenience.
Markets
Specializing in Mass Transit
Fueling mass transit operations is a unique challenge. Cost, convenience, and service are expected. Guttman Energy brings an extraordinary track record of success partnering with both local and regional mass transit organizations.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/guttman-markets/agricultural-markets/

FUELING GROWTH IN THE AGRICULTURAL MARKET
Farmers rely on Guttman Energy for reliable fuel
From April through November, farmers’ days remain filled with enormous demand, every one of which must be met. From preparing fields for planting, to getting the final products shipped, every step means having a reliable source of fuel to power the equipment required. Guttman Energy appreciates the challenge of operating a successful agricultural enterprise, anticipates the need for fuel, and delivers it consistently.
Seeding Fields Through Fuel
Flexibility and having fuel options are important in agriculture. Some growers prefer ethanol-blended gasoline, while others like a higher biofuel content in their diesel. No matter what your preference, Guttman Energy provides the right kind of fuel, and at a price that helps strengthen your bottom line. Here are some advantages of going with Guttman Energy:
- Flexible pricing programs
- Partnering with Co-ops
- Strategic fuel partnerships
- Service reliability
- Commitment to safety
- Fuel consumption managed
- Professional delivery
How Guttman Energy Helps Your Enterprise.
Our Risk Management Solutions provide a range of fuel pricing programs designed to help you gain control of your fuel budget and minimize fuel market risk.
Our Inventory Management Solutions simplify the management of your fuel inventories, so fuel is always in the tank when you need it.
Our Fuel Operability Solutions are designed to help you maintain the quality and performance of your fuel.
Our commitment to safety is woven into our culture and is present in every service we provide.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/guttman-markets/construction/

Built on nine decades of energy experience
Guttman can power your construction site
On any type of building project, you can’t afford a delay. With Guttman Energy, we strategize and optimize our fuel services to propel your projects forward on schedule and on budget. As a member of your project team, we’ll deploy experienced traders and strategically analyze market data to get you the fixed price or OPIS Index deals you need to bid and operate competitively. Our shipping and carrier network gives us the stability and control to make sure you get your fuel when you need it. By optimizing fuel quality and delivery times, we’ll accelerate the project schedule to meet critical goals and deliver the fuel you need.
Choose from our full range of programs and services to fuel your construction site.
At Guttman Energy, our consultative Sales team and personalized fuel solutions allow us to provide proactive and comprehensive fueling solutions.
Our customers reap the benefits of:
- Competitive pricing
- Access to Guttman inventory
- Professional delivery
- Unmatched personal attention
- Commitment to safety
- Market intelligence driven by real-time price data
- Our Guttman Energy fleet fuel card is accepted at 65,000 fueling stations nationwide
- Strategic fuel partnerships
Construction
A heavy earthmoving operation for highway, site development and mining projects.
Construction companies enjoy our full range of programs and services.
Our Risk Management Solutions provide a range of fuel pricing programs designed to help you gain control of your fuel budget and minimize fuel market risk.
Our Inventory Management Solutions simplify the management of your fuel inventories, so fuel is always in the tank when you need it.
Our Fuel Operability Solutions are designed to help you maintain the quality and performance of your fuel.
Our commitment to safety is woven into our culture and is present in every service we provide.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/guttman-markets/gas-stations-convenience-stores/

Power Ahead of the Competition
Gain a competitive edge with customized fueling solutions
In today’s volatile fuel market, gas stations are challenged every day to buy fuel competitively. The Guttman Energy Supply team ensures reliable availability through our own fuel inventory and market-leading supply solutions. We proactively monitor market trends along with your fuel levels, so you never run low. Our customized pricing programs are best-in-class, giving you the greatest value available.
Measurable results, at your convenience.
At Guttman Energy, our Sales team, fuel solutions, and regional presence allow us to provide comprehensive and proactive fuel distribution for our wholesale gas customers. These advantages include:
- Market intelligence driven by real-time price data
- Competitive pricing
- Access to Guttman inventory
- Extensive network of in-house and common carriers
- Strategic fuel partnerships
- Decades of experience
- Flexible service plans
- Unmatched personal attention
- Commitment to safety
Gas Station & Convenience Store
Supporting large, independent, retail unbranded fueling stations, convenience stores, and truck stops.
Never compromise.
Go with your gut.
Our Risk Management Solutions provide a range of fuel pricing programs designed to help you gain control of your fuel budget and minimize fuel market risk.
Our Inventory Management Solutions simplify the management of your fuel inventories, so fuel is always in the tank when you need it.
Our Fuel Operability Solutions are designed to help you maintain the quality and performance of your fuel.
Our commitment to safety is woven into our culture and is present in every service we provide.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/guttman-markets/distributors/

Energizing your Distribution Operation
Customized & reliable fuel services
Since we serve all sizes and types of distributors, Guttman Energy is committed to creating programs that are fully customized to your distribution operation. We provide expert advice and opportunities to our customers that boost market awareness and efficient operations. As an experienced, comprehensive, supplier of bulk fuel and fleet fuel cards, Guttman Energy provides certainty with regards to supply and price that you need to keep your business competitive, and to fuel better outcomes for your distribution.
Continuously flowing fuel for your distribution operation.
Our Account Managers talk to our distributor customers every day. With Guttman, you’ll always have a dedicated representative who is strategizing for your business.
With Guttman, you’ll enjoy:
- Competitive pricing
- Flexible pricing programs
- Unmatched personal attention
- Market intelligence driven by real-time price data
- Access to Guttman inventory
- Strategic fuel partnerships
- Our Guttman Energy fleet fuel card is accepted at 65,000 fueling stations nationwide.
- Commitment to safety
Petroleum Jobber
A large petroleum distribution company buys fuel for its bulk plants and retail sites, and sells significant amounts of fuel to oilfield service companies, commercial customers, and wholesale customers.
We have the right solution to meet your needs.
Our Risk Management Solutions provide a range of fuel pricing programs designed to help you gain control of your fuel budget and minimize fuel market risk.
Our Inventory Management Solutions simplify the management of your fuel inventories, so fuel is always in the tank when you need it.
Our Fuel Operability Solutions are designed to help you maintain the quality and performance of your fuel.
Our commitment to safety is woven into our culture and is present in every service we provide.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/guttman-markets/food-service/

STEADY SUPPLY OF FUEL and ALWAYS IN “GOOD TASTE”
Fueling the food service industry
Guttman Energy provides expert advice and opportunities to the food service industry across the eastern U.S. with consistently dependable fuel deliveries and the assurance that the price will be just as dependable and consistent.
Dishing Up the Right Fuel Service
The food service industry presents a collection of complex, interrelated perspectives and players. Guttman Energy works with its customers to make sure that fuel pricing and delivery is never a problem. Working to lock in costs through contract futures, and carefully managing scheduled deliveries of vital fuel, Guttman Energy meets the needs of food service providers. Take a look at what we bring the food service industry:
- Competitive pricing
- Unmatched personal attention
- Market intelligence driven by real-time price data
- Reliable fuel supply and delivery
- Commitment to safety access to Guttman inventory
- Strategic fuel partnerships
The Benefits Guttman Energy Brings.
Our Risk Management Solutions provide a range of fuel pricing programs designed to help you gain control of your fuel budget and minimize fuel market risk.
Our Inventory Management Solutions simplify the management of your fuel inventories, so fuel is always in the tank when you need it.
Our Fuel Operability Solutions are designed to help you maintain the quality and performance of your fuel.
Our commitment to safety is woven into our culture and is present in every service we provide.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/guttman-markets/government-schools/

Powering society with the confidence to move forward
Practical energy solutions that help people
Fueling Intelligence takes on a new meaning with our school and government programs. With Guttman Energy’s smart logistics, we use our fuel programs to keep operations stable and reliable. Our pricing programs help governments, school districts, and municipalities spend their budgets wisely. Guttman Energy has been providing mass transit fuel support and solutions for decades.
For school districts, government sectors, and bus contractors, we create solutions that work for and with you.
At Guttman Energy we supply more than just fuel. Our consultative Sales team and personalized fuel solutions allow us to meet the unique needs of each of our customers through our proven programs, protocols and best practices. Our customers also enjoy:
- Competitive pricing
- Unmatched personal attention
- Fuel operability programs
- Assured supply
- Professional delivery
- Commitment to safety
- Market intelligence driven by real-time price data
- Inventory management solutions
Schools
Serving a consortium of school districts in Pennsylvania that group together to purchase fuel (gasoline and diesel), as well as other commodities.
Buy fuel better, keep on schedule, and stay powered with Guttman.
Our Risk Management Solutions provide a range of fuel pricing programs designed to help you gain control of your fuel budget and minimize fuel market risk.
Our Inventory Management Solutions simplify the management of your fuel inventories, so fuel is always in the tank when you need it.
Our Fuel Operability Solutions are designed to help you maintain the quality and performance of your fuel.
Our commitment to safety is woven into our culture and is present in every service we provide.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/guttman-markets/fueling-solutions-for-marine-craft/

FUEL SUPPLY OFFERS SMOOTH SAILING
Guttman Energy meets the needs of marine craft users
Marine crafts require fuel, to be delivered timely and in a reliable and safe way. And the access points need to be convenient, reliable, and economical. Guttman Energy addresses the needs of recreational marinas, vessel fueling, and barges, both at the recreational level and for more substantial vessels.
Great Service to the Great Lakes and More
Guttman Energy serves marine craft owners all over the Great Lakes region, including Cleveland and other major cities, with marinas offering conveniently placed fueling stations. Customers prefer conventional gasoline for their motorboats, and Guttman Energy never lets them down. Here are more specifics:
- Easy access to fuel
- Access to Guttman inventory
- Unmatched personal attention
- Professional delivery
- Decades of experience
- Large or recreational marine craft served
- Flexible service plans
Why Use Guttman Energy?
Our Risk Management Solutions provide a range of fuel pricing programs designed to help you gain control of your fuel budget and minimize fuel market risk.
Our Inventory Management Solutions simplify the management of your fuel inventories, so fuel is always in the tank when you need it.
Our Fuel Operability Solutions are designed to help you maintain the quality and performance of your fuel.
Our commitment to safety is woven into our culture and is present in every service we provide.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/guttman-markets/solutions-for-mining-operations/

UNEARTHING FUEL EFFICIENCIES IN MINING
Mining operations depend on Guttman Energy
Coal excavations simply cannot afford to slow down or stop unexpectedly. Having a reliable supply of fuel remains a major safeguard against costly events. That fuel must also come at a predictable cost, so having a fuel provider with the scope and capability to meet these high-pressure demands becomes essential.
That’s where Guttman Energy answers the call, every time.
Digging for Efficiency
Comes Up Big
Mining operations go on regardless of conditions, so the delivery of fuel must be just as robust and unshakable. Guttman Energy has the resources, the fuel supply, and the business know-how to keep the flow of fuel coming – and at a price that mining companies can lock in for months to come. Here are some advantages of using Guttman Energy:
- Fixed-price contracts
- Strategic fuel partnerships
- Flexible fuel options
- Service reliability
- Access to Guttman inventory
- Professional delivery
- Market intelligence driven by real-time pricing
- Remote tank monitors to manage usage
Guttman Energy Benefits.
Our Risk Management Solutions provide a range of fuel pricing programs designed to help you gain control of your fuel budget and minimize fuel market risk.
Our Inventory Management Solutions simplify the management of your fuel inventories, so fuel is always in the tank when you need it.
Our Fuel Operability Solutions are designed to help you maintain the quality and performance of your fuel.
Our commitment to safety is woven into our culture and is present in every service we provide.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/guttman-markets/fueling-for-oil-gas-operations/

Energizing the Energy Market
Oil & gas suppliers go with Guttman Energy
Oil and gas operations need constant, reliable, and safe fueling processes. At a drill or completions site, for instance, your energy supply can literally make all the difference. By closely collaborating with producers and oilfield service providers, we generate customized solutions that place safety, efficiency, and intelligence at the center of every operation. We know this territory well. Whether in the field at a natural gas pad or working with a permanent refinery operation, Guttman Energy keeps you powered up and running nonstop, so that you can power the rest of the world.
Fueling Performance
At your drilling or completions location/pad/site, a continual flow of energy is essential to keep your operation going. We work collaboratively with producers, natural gas companies, and oilfield service providers to keep your equipment running without downtime. Take a look at what we bring to the oil and gas industry:
- Competitive pricing
- Commitment to safety
- Accurate invoicing and accounting
- Fuel operability expertise
- Unmatched personal attention
- Market intelligence driven by real-time price data
- Reliable fuel supply and delivery
- Unparalleled experience
Solutions for Oil and Gas Management
Guttman Energy ensures high quality, competitively priced fuel is available to an Oilfield Services company providing hydraulic fracturing services, minimizing costs, and maintaining uninterrupted operations.
Programs that Keep the Energy Flowing.
Our Risk Management Solutions provide a range of fuel pricing programs designed to help you gain control of your fuel budget and minimize fuel market risk.
Our Inventory Management Solutions simplify the management of your fuel inventories, so fuel is always in the tank when you need it.
Our Fuel Operability Solutions are designed to help you maintain the quality and performance of your fuel.
Our commitment to safety is woven into our culture and is present in every service we provide.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.guttmanenergy.com/guttman-markets/full-service-oil-and-gas-solutions/

World-Class Energy and Logistics Services for the Oil & Gas Industry
With over 90 years of experience serving the oil and gas industry, Guttman Energy gets it. Whether you’re on a gas pad or managing a fracing operation from the office, the last thing you need are complications.
That’s why we provide our customers with integrated and state-of-the-art solutions—we call them “World-Class”. These benefits are unique to Guttman Energy, no other company offers these services with the efficiency or responsiveness that we do.
- Total fuel delivery from rack to location
- Service 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
- Integrated Fuel Supply and Delivery systems
- Mobile and bulk tank fuel storage solutions
- Flexible pricing programs
- Seamless electronic delivery confirmation
From rack to location, let Guttman Energy handle all your fuel delivery and logistic needs. To learn more, contact a Guttman Energy rep today.
Technology to Enhance Your Oil & Gas Operation
Guttman Energy is fueling innovation to provide our oil and gas customers with administrative efficiencies they can’t get anywhere else. By harnessing the power of technology to close gaps in fuel delivery and logistics management, we’re automating fuel delivery and logistics to make managing your energy a breeze.
Our trucks, drivers, tanks, and other equipment are equipped with state-of-the-art computer tablets, QR codes, GPS location and real-time tracking that allows us to eliminate the distracting step of paper tickets and signatures. Our technology provides you with a one-page recap of the deliveries made to each pad, each day, with prices included so that you can efficiently load your project management system.
This unparalleled process allows for transparency and maximum efficiency for our customers. With hassles handled, your company can direct their attention to ensuring your operation is running smoothly and safely. That’s fueling intelligence.
A Commitment to Our Customers
To keep your business running efficiently, you need someone who has your back. Guttman Energy understands how to manage risks and support your operation. That’s why we have a 24/7 service line to a responsive oil and gas expert for any on-site issues.
When it matters most, our oil and gas customers turn to Guttman Energy.
See why.
Guttman Energy’s Culture of Safety
Guttman Energy is leading the oil and gas industry in safety. Our top priority is the welfare of our workers. Through diligent training and education, maintain an excellent safety record with almost no employee safety issues. Through the implementation of structured workplace monitoring, we have also kept an outstanding spill safety incident rate. We keep our value of safety at the center of all our customers’ interactions.
Are You Ready for World-Class Solutions?
Call now to talk to a customer service representative or fill out the
form below and a rep will reach out to you.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------