ROOT: https://onyxrenewables.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:24:34.273276Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 24

================================================================================

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/

Our distributed clean energy solutions power businesses with affordable, reliable, and predictable energy.
Corporate energy procurement has changed. Your business now has the opportunity to choose from a variety of energy procurement options, including localized solar power and storage. Achieve more control of your electricity input costs — don’t let rising utility prices dictate your bottom line.
Distributed energy resources, like Onyx’s commercial solar and battery storage solutions enable two-way energy flows — working in tandem with the grid to create a stronger, more efficient, and cost-effective power system.
Onyx is more than an owner of renewable energy projects. We combine deep, end-to-end consultative engineering and design expertise with execution and rigorous quality standards to deliver best-in-class energy solutions for your business.
Corporate energy procurement has changed. Your business now has the opportunity to choose from a variety of energy procurement options, including localized solar power and storage. Achieve more control of your electricity input costs — don’t let rising utility prices dictate your bottom line.
Distributed energy resources, like Onyx’s commercial solar and battery storage solutions enable two-way energy flows — working in tandem with the grid to create a stronger, more efficient, and cost-effective power system.
Onyx is more than an owner of renewable energy projects. We combine deep, end-to-end consultative engineering and design expertise with execution and rigorous quality standards to deliver best-in-class energy solutions for your business.
If you’re ready to take control of your energy costs, we’re here to step in. Inquire with our experts about solar energy.
After an initial meeting, our team provides a free evaluation of your energy use and costs, operations, site, location, and other factors and delivers a custom-engineered solution.
Onyx prepares an energy services contract to build and operate the system for zero upfront cost, ensuring significant cost savings and long-term price stability.
Onyx coordinates suppliers, builds your project, and oversees every detail, making it a point to not disrupt your operations.
Once the system is operational, your business benefits from predictable, reliable power while we maintain and optimize performance for years to come.
A lot goes into a successful clean energy project. Onyx serves as a knowledgeable, dependable constant partner throughout the entire lifetime of your contract, anticipating and seamlessly meeting your renewable energy procurement needs.
How businesses and next-gen power providers are redefining America’s grid
Onyx Renewables Completes Construction of 13-MW Solar Project at Fort Polk Military Installation
Solar 101: Intro to Solar Energy Project Types
How to compete in a sustainable supply chain
Solar 101: The complete guide to solar energy for business
Onyx Renewables Secures $260 Million in Secured Credit Facilities to Support Nationwide Deployment of Localized Clean Energy Solutions
Toyota Boshoku America Powers Manufacturing Facility With 5.7-Megawatt Solar Project
Onyx Renewables and Sol Systems boost clean energy use at Illinois wastewater plant
Onyx Renewables Delivers Additional 4MW of Solar Energy to U.S. Army’s Fort Riley
Bright Horizons: Onyx Renewables’ Vision for Advancing a Sustainable Future in 2025
Onyx Renewables Completes 5.2-Megawatt Community Solar Project in North Troy, N.Y.
Onyx Renewables Achieves Bronze Certification for Advancements on DEIJ Issues
Powering Post-Disaster Relief: Inside Onyx’s Partnership with Footprint Project
Onyx Renewable Partners names Jamie Weber as Chief Financial Officer
Onyx Renewables Intern Program Spotlight
Onyx Renewable Partners and Telyon Announce Strategic Partnership to Develop 40-Megawatt Commercial & Industrial Solar Portfolio
Onyx Renewable Partners Upsizes Corporate Revolving Credit Facility with Investec Inc.
Onyx Renewables Releases Inaugural Sustainability Report
Toyota Boshoku America, Sol Systems, and Onyx Renewable Partners L.P. Announce New Illinois Solar Energy Project
Corporate Renewable Energy Procurement 101
Onyx Renewables’ Hema Gupta Leads Confidence in Communication Session at WRISE Leadership Forum
Sol Systems and Onyx Renewable Partners Enter Agreement on 24 Megawatt Solar Distributed Generation Portfolio
Onyx Renewables and Qcells Debut Partnership with Two Community Solar and Energy Storage Projects in Massachusetts
Onyx Renewables Announces Pamela Sutton-Hall as Chief Legal Officer
Onyx Renewables Recognized by DOE Better Buildings Initiative in Financing Category
Success of Onyx's NYC ConEdison Community Solar Program Signals Overwhelming Interest
‘I Feel Like a Lieutenant Again’: Transitioning Service Member Launches Career in Solar Industry
Happy New Year from Onyx Renewables!
Onyx Volunteers with Wreaths Across America to Honor Military Veterans
Onyx Sponsors Third SEIA Women's Leadership Event in 2023
Onyx Renewables’ CEO Mary Beth Mandanas Speaks at Reuters Energy Transition North America 2023
Onyx Welcomes Jamie Weber as Senior Vice President of Finance
Holu Hou Energy Signs Contract for Solar + Storage at Newly Constructed Daniel K. Akaka State Veterans Home in Hawaii; Onyx Renewables to Finance and Operate Portfolio
Onyx Renewables Completes 1MW Rooftop & Ground Mount Solar Facility for Passaic County, NJ
Onyx Renewables Closes $25MM Back-Leverage Facility with First Citizens Bank
Onyx Welcomes Angie Daoud as Executive Vice President of Operations
Solar 101 Series - Sheep Grazing: Fostering Relationships for Sustainable Benefits
Solar 101 Series - Scope Emissions & How to Reduce Them
Solar 101 Series – In 100 Words or Less – Financing Solar + Storage: PPAs, ITC, RECs, Tax Equity & More
Solar 101 Series - UL 3741 Certification: A Better Solution for Firefighter Safety & Code Compliance
Solar 101 Series - Benefits of Adopting Solar Energy
City of Downey Wins APWA Award - B.E.S.T Project of the Year for Implementation of Solar Energy
Solar 101 Series - Intro to Solar Energy Project Types
Onyx Closes Revolving Credit Facility to Support Construction of Solar Projects
Onyx Announces Appointment of Mary Beth Mandanas as Chief Executive Officer
As part of our mission to deliver reliable, affordable energy to your business, our industry experts are available to talk through how solar might support your operations. We’ll come prepared with information to help you make sense of your options with no commitment required.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/company

Company
We are more than developers. Onyx’s in-house team of engineers, legal experts, O&M specialists, and finance professionals has the experience to navigate complexity and deliver results that fuel your growth.
Years of
PPAs financed
Projects in
operation to date
Gigawatts of
development experience
Mary Beth Mandanas
Chief Executive Officer, Onyx Renewables
Backed by a wealth of experience across the energy value chain, our leadership team brings the expertise required to deliver long-term value to partners and customers.
Onyx works alongside energy buyers, builders, and operators to bring high-performing clean energy projects to life. By aligning stakeholders and skillsets, we move projects forward, reduce costs, and create long-term value across the energy system.
As part of our mission to deliver reliable, affordable energy to your business, our industry experts are available to talk through how solar might support your operations. We’ll come prepared with information to help you make sense of your options with no commitment required.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/blog-posts/onyx-closes-revolving-credit-facility-to-support-construction-of-solar-projects

September 22, 2022
New York, New York - September 2, 2022
Onyx Renewable Partners L.P. (“Onyx”) closed on a refinancing and significant expansion of its revolving credit facility to support its pipeline of distributed solar and energy storage projects consisting of over 100 assets spanning 26 states. Investec Inc. served as sole lead arranger. Investec Bank Plc also serves as administrative agent to lenders with Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as collateral agent.
Buck Fletcher, Chief Financial Officer at Onyx:
“The facility provides Onyx the flexibility to fund LCs, pre-construction, and construction for existing and future projects. Furthermore, it reduces Onyx's overall cost of capital and maintains our established advantage of delivering clean energy solutions to clients in the distributed generation marketplace.”
Fred Petit, Head of Renewables at Investec:
“Investec is delighted to have closed this successful financing for Onyx. We worked with Onyx to structure a facility that would provide sufficient flexibility to the company for the development and construction of its current pipeline of projects at an efficient cost of capital. This financing demonstrates Investec’s continued commitment to ESG and ability to meet our clients’ objectives.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/blog-posts/onyx-renewables-and-qcells-debut-partnership-with-two-community-solar-and-energy-storage-projects-in-massachusetts

February 8, 2024
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Onyx Renewables and Qcells Debut Partnership with Two Community Solar and Energy Storage Projects in Massachusetts
The strategic alliance will bring community solar and energy storage to Massachusetts communities
NEW YORK – Feb. 8, 2024 – Onyx Renewable Partners L.P., a one-stop provider of clean energy and decarbonization solutions, and Qcells North America, a global leader in complete clean energy solutions, today announced plans to develop two community solar and battery projects in Massachusetts. The projects developed by Onyx have a total of 6.2 megawatts (MW) – 3.3 MW provided by Qcells – of solar and 5.5 megawatt-hours (MWh) of energy storage, all provided by Qcells.
The highly anticipated projects will strengthen local renewable energy capacity and give community subscribers access to clean energy without needing on-site solar. The two projects are expected to offset 3,900 tons of carbon dioxide per year the equivalent to powering approximately 700 homes, according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Together, Onyx and Qcells aim to set new standards for sustainability and environmental stewardship within the ISO New England (ISO-NE) region and beyond.
Onyx and Qcells’ projects will showcase the effectiveness of combined solar and battery storage toward building a resilient, consistent and clean power supply. Deployed under the community solar and feed-in-tariff programs and sourced from local vendors, the two projects promote a responsible supply chain.
“Together with Qcells, we're forging a partnership to create cutting-edge solar and battery storage solutions for communities,” said Angie Daoud, Chief Operating Officer of Onyx. “This collaboration solidifies Onyx's commitment to exceeding customer expectations by delivering premier quality products and services. United by our shared vision for a sustainable future, we're demonstrating that true success stems from lasting partnerships built on shared values.”
“Qcells is thrilled to align with Onyx toward building a sustainable future,” said Jin Han, Corporate Officer, Head of Distributed Energy at Qcells. “With Qcells’ cutting-edge solar technology, energy storage hardware and Geli energy management system software, and Onyx Renewables’ project development and execution expertise, our partnership will deliver reliable, cost-effective and sustainable energy solutions that benefit consumers, businesses and utilities alike. We have high hopes for our partnership with Onyx and our projects in Massachusetts are just the beginning.”
The Massachusetts projects benefit from the state’s SMART incentive program, an initiative designed to support the growth of solar power in the Commonwealth by providing incentives based on solar energy production. Additionally, both projects will participate in the state’s Clean Peak Energy Standard (CPS), an initiative aimed at meeting high electricity demands with clean energy to create a more sustainable and reliable power grid.
Notably, both projects feature Qcells’ DC-coupled battery storage technology and its end-to-end software solution, Geli Energy Management System (EMS), to optimize battery charging and discharging to comply with program requirements for SMART and CPS while maximizing the financial performance of the projects over the projects’ terms, all while bringing clean, resilient benefits to the grid.
The Geli EMS uses the same machine learning algorithm to model the financial returns on projects as used in real-time battery operation, providing highly accurate and reliable project revenue projections from the start, to inform Qcells’ partners’ investment decisions. Qcells and Onyx will also deploy a risk-sharing partnership structure on the projects, leveraging Qcells’ unique Grid Services offerings. This includes a revenue share agreement and Qcells’ Network Operations Center (NOC) Services offering to mitigate risk on the long-term assets.
Onyx and Qcells look forward to expanding the partnership across the country, including projects in ISO-NE, California ISO, NYISO, and more, for both solar panels and energy storage systems.
###
About Qcells
Qcells is one of the world’s leading clean energy companies, recognized for its established reputation as a manufacturer of high-performance, high-quality solar cells and modules, portfolio of intelligent storage systems, and growing international pipeline of large-scale renewable energy projects. Qcells also provides renewable electricity retail services and packages to end customers the world over. The company is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea (Global Executive HQ) and Thalheim, Germany (Technology & Innovation HQ) with its diverse international manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Malaysia, China, and South Korea. Qcells strives to offer Completely Clean Energy through the full spectrum of photovoltaic products, storage solutions, renewable electricity contracting and large-scale solar power plants. Through its growing global business network spanning Europe, North America, Asia, South America, Africa and the Middle East, Qcells provides excellent services and long-term partnerships to its customers in the utility, commercial, governmental and residential markets. For more information, visit: http://us.qcells.com/.
About Onyx Renewable Partners L.P.
Onyx is helping companies create the bridge from today’s clean energy reality to tomorrow’s possibilities. Onyx’s approach to providing clean energy solutions ensures expert guidance at every step for our commercial and industrial customers. From solar energy and storage to electric vehicle charging and beyond, Onyx partners with our clients from the beginning; our team focuses on creating a long-term relationship for the life of the asset. We design, develop, finance, construct, operate and maintain our projects and portfolios. Onyx leverages its wide-ranging industry expertise to transform energy and regulatory complexities into simple clean energy solutions to reduce carbon emissions and provide economic savings for our customers. For more information, visit www.onyxrenewables.com or connect with us on LinkedIn.
Safe-Harbor Statement
This press release contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as “will,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “future,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates” and similar statements. Among other things, the quotations from management in this press release and Qcells’ operations and business outlook, contain forward-looking statements. Such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, Qcells does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Media Contacts
Marta Stoepker, Public Relations Director
Qcells North America
us-media@qcells.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/blog-posts/sol-systems-and-onyx-renewable-partners-enter-agreement-on-24-megawatt-solar-distributed-generation-portfolio

February 28, 2024
Empowering Communities and Advancing Clean Energy with Distributed Solar and Storage Portfolio in Five States
WASHINGTON – Feb. 28, 2024 – Today, Onyx Renewable Partners, LP (Onyx) and Sol Systems LLC (Sol) jointly announce an agreement for the purchase and sale of a 24 megawatt (MWdc) solar and storage development portfolio that will provide clean, reliable power to businesses and communities across five states. Sol originated and developed the portfolio’s eight distributed generation (DG) solar and storage projects and remains committed to its customers through continued and active engagement in customer and project coordination activities. Onyx, an established provider and owner of clean energy solutions, has acquired the projects and will finance, build, own and operate them.
These innovative on-site solar and storage projects, located in California, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, and New York, are set to power a diverse range of customers, including a Massachusetts municipality and multiple Fortune 500 companies. The investments stemming from these projects will add millions of dollars into local communities, usher in new job opportunities, stimulate economic growth, and bolster the commitment of the Fortune 500 companies embracing clean energy solutions. Sol Systems’ and Onyx’s commitment to community engagement extends beyond construction and economic investment. The portfolio will produce enough electricity to power 3,285 homes, provide thousands of dollars in scholarships and other local sponsorships, and include the use of native pollinator habitat at one ground-mounted project.
"Sol Systems is dedicated to advancing clean energy for our corporate partners and ensuring lasting benefits for the communities we work in. Our partnership with Onyx highlights our ongoing commitment to deploying clean energy projects with a focus on community engagement and excellence in solar and storage development. Sol values the longstanding relationships we have built with our customers, and we're excited to continue playing a pivotal role in supporting the broader transition to sustainable energy as these projects move into construction and operations.” said Andrew Grin, Senior Vice President of Enterprise Solutions for Sol Systems. “Sol has built more than 250MWs of DG solar and storage projects and is proud to work with the Onyx team to continue deploying more renewable energy for our valued customers.”
“Onyx is pleased to partner with Sol Systems to bring resilient and affordable clean energy to businesses and communities surrounding these projects. The Onyx team has experience developing over 11 GW of solar projects, and the Company has served commercial and industrial customers, providing energy as a service and managing DG solar assets for a decade,” said Patty Rollin, Chief Commercial Officer of Onyx. “The Onyx team is committed to helping companies create the bridge from today’s clean energy reality to tomorrow’s possibilities.”
The 24 megawatt portfolio is expected to be completed by Q1 2025 and will offset approximately 16,000 metric tons of carbon emissions each year.
About Sol Systems LLC
Sol Systems is a leading national renewable energy firm with an established reputation for integrity and reliability across its development, infrastructure, and environmental commodity businesses. Sol is operating and building over 2 GW of solar projects valued at over $2 billion for Fortune 500 companies, municipalities, counties, utilities, universities, and schools and provides environmental commodity portfolio management services to more than 40,000 customers across the US. The company was founded in 2008, is based in Washington, D.C., and is led by its founder. Sol Systems works with institutional clients, corporate partners, and foundations to create a more sustainable future we can all believe in. For more information, visit https://www.solsystems.com/.
Media Contact: Jacqueline Mayan
jacqueline.mayan@solsystems.com
(202) 656-4815
About Onyx Renewable Partners, LP
Onyx is one of the most established providers of distributed clean energy solutions to commercial and industrial customers across the United States. Formed in 2014, the Company has completed over 340 projects and currently operates in 14 states. Onyx ensures expert guidance at every step for commercial and industrial customers. From solar energy and storage to electric vehicle charging and beyond, Onyx partners with clients from the beginning and focuses on creating a long-term relationship for the life of the asset. The Company designs, develops, finances, constructs, operates, and maintains projects and portfolios. Onyx also partners with solar developers to source, acquire, finance and manage clean energy projects under long term agreements with commercial and industrial customers. The goal is to leverage Onyx’s wide-ranging industry expertise to transform energy and regulatory complexities into simple clean energy solutions to reduce carbon emissions. For more information, visit https://www.onyxrenewables.com.
Media Contact: Kevin Cox
origination@onyxrenewables.com
(646) 217-0713

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/blog-posts/onyx-renewables-hema-gupta-leads-confidence-in-communication-session-at-wrise-leadership-forum

March 28, 2024
Ms. Gupta uses her resilience and perspective to empower women to reinvent themselves.
Hema Gupta has been rebranding herself her whole life. As an immigrant from India growing up in the United States, she navigated a mix of cultures, discovering her own identity as she faced discrimination at an early age. As a young person, these experiences taught her how to stand up for herself and show kindness towards others at the same time. Today, Hema brings that same resilience into the professional world, both as Onyx Renewables’ Director of Procurement and as a champion of women in the renewable energy industry.
Hema recently took the stage at an event hosted by Women of Renewable Industries and Sustainable Energy (WRISE) to speak to the power of confidence. Her presentation, titled “Can You Hear Me Now: Communicate with Confidence and Clarity,” draws upon her personal experiences and professional endeavors as she began her career in nuclear energy, an industry in which she was often the only woman in the room.
Resilience, reinvention, and authenticity
Throughout the session, Hema emphasized the importance of bringing your personal identity into work with you so that you present your most authentic self, even in the office. She believes that by synthesizing your personal and professional identities, you become closer to yourself. Hema encourages people to reflect on their experiences, perspectives, and sense of self on a regular basis to more deeply understand the individuality they possess, and how that individuality makes them a uniquely valuable person. There is data to support the idea that bringing our whole selves to work and speaking up for ourselves catalyzes our success. By “mobilizing your identity,” you are able to bring a source of value and insight to your work.
Communicating with confidence and clarity
Once you know who you are, it’s important to know where you want to go. Hema elaborated on the need for an “elevator pitch” — a one-minute synopsis of your identity and goals — in our professional lives. Having an effective elevator pitch often opens the door to future opportunities, invites others to share their own goals, and creates a more open, communicative industry overall.
Toward the end of her presentation, Hema invited everyone on stage to share their elevator pitches. Despite her expectation that five or so people would come up to share, nearly everyone in attendance spoke up. Some women spoke openly about their fear of exposing parts of who they are, worrying that certain elements of their background, identity, and perspective would be negatively received. But by speaking honestly about her own experiences, Hema created a space for everyone to feel comfortable and empowered to speak up.
Toward the end of the session, Hema explained, “Understanding where you’re going is really important, and you must know yourself to know where you’re going.”
Giving voice to their identities also helped some women in the audience redefine their paths, Hema noted. After taking into account their whole selves, some of the WRISE attendees told her they were considering a shift in their career journeys. In some cases, they even came to realize what they actually wanted to do was something entirely different.
Rooting for the underdog
The renewables sector has always been an underdog in the energy world. Hema believes one of the main reasons why the industry is so welcoming is because “we know what it’s like to be on the outside.” Recently, she’s seen more women and people of color take up positions in renewable energy as engineers, project developers, and product owners. The WRISE Leadership Forum was especially exciting for Hema because it showcased the growing number of women that have entered the renewables industry and how many different roles they play within it.
With renewable energy deployments skyrocketing and maintaining its upward momentum, everyone wants to come along for the ride. Onyx Renewables is proud to contribute to building an industry where everyone is empowered to speak up and be themselves, and where a more diverse range of voices helps to bring individuals and communities together. With people like Hema leading the way, the future looks bright for renewable energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/blog-posts/onyx-renewable-partners-doubles-corporate-revolving-credit-facility-with-investec-inc

July 11, 2024
The $100-million revolving credit facility includes new lending partners Siemens Financial Services (SFS) and Mitsubishi HC Capital America and supports Onyx’s growing pipeline of distributed generation assets.
NEW YORK, July 11, 2024 – Onyx Renewable Partners (Onyx) announces it has successfully closed on the upsizing and extension of its three-year revolving credit facility to $100-million with incumbent lender Investec Inc., as well as new lenders Siemens Financial Services (SFS) and Mitsubishi HC Capital America. Following a year of strong growth, this innovative financing model will enable Onyx, a leading national provider of clean energy solutions, to fund project construction costs, letters of credit, equipment purchases, and community solar in targeted markets across the United States.
Investec Inc. served as the sole lead arranger, Investec Bank Plc serves as the administrative agent for the lenders, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas serves as collateral agent.
This expansion doubles the size of the facility that Onyx closed with Investec in August 2022. With a three-year commitment, this corporate revolver empowers Onyx to execute on its growing bi-coastal project pipeline to create meaningful impact in corporate and industrial emissions reduction efforts and provide more accessible clean energy for community solar programs.
“The expansion of Onyx’s credit facility enhances our commitment toward providing customized clean energy solutions across the United States, and underpins our continued growth alongside our clients, communities and partners,” said Jamie Weber, Head of Capital Markets at Onyx Renewables. “We are thankful of our continued partnership with Investec and are excited to grow our relationship with SFS and Mitsubishi HC Capital America.”
“Investec is pleased to have supported Onyx in the upsizing of its revolving credit facility by bringing in two new lenders and doubling the size in less than 2 years,” said Fred Petit, Co-Head of Energy & Infrastructure Finance at Investec. “This transaction allows Onyx to expand its pipeline of projects and continue providing clean and reliable energy to communities across the U.S. The upsizing demonstrates Investec’s continued commitment to the decarbonization of the global economy as well as the strength of its distribution capabilities in the energy and infrastructure space.”
About Onyx Renewables
Onyx Renewables is helping companies create the bridge from today’s clean energy reality to tomorrow’s possibilities. A leading provider of clean energy solutions nationwide, Onyx’s approach ensures expert guidance at every step for our commercial, industrial, real estate, public sector, and military customers. From solar energy and storage to EV charging and beyond, Onyx leverages its wide-ranging industry expertise to develop, finance, construct, own and operate projects, transforming energy and regulatory complexities into simple clean energy solutions that reduce emissions and provide economic savings for our customers. Onyx also partners with developers and EPCs to support, fund, and acquire clean energy projects. For more information, visit www.onyxrenewables.com.
About Investec
Investec Bank plc (‘IBP’) is the banking subsidiary of Investec plc. Investec plc is a FTSE-250 listed company which holds the Investec Group’s non-Southern African businesses under a dual listed company structure. IBP partners with private, institutional and corporate clients, offering banking and investment services in the UK, Europe, the United States and certain other countries.
IBP also offers wealth management services through its strategic partnership with Rathbones Group, the UK’s largest discretionary wealth manager. IBP has operated in the UK since 1992.
As part of the Investec Group, IBP is a purpose-driven organisation, dedicated to its core purpose of creating enduring worth. This means we will always strive to create long-term value for all stakeholders and contribute meaningfully to people, communities and the planet.
Further information can be found at www.investec.com.
About Siemens Financial Services
Siemens Financial Services (SFS) – the B2B financing arm of Siemens – provides financing that makes a difference. At SFS, we empower customers around the globe to access technology with purpose and increase their competitiveness. Based on our unique combination of financial expertise, risk management and industry know-how we provide tailored financing solutions –including flexible leasing and working capital products, project-related and structured financing, corporate lending, equity investments, finance advisory, as well as trade and receivables financing. With highly experienced and passionate teams in 20+ countries, SFS paves the way for industrial productivity, smart infrastructure, and sustainable mobility, facilitating the energy transition and enabling high-quality healthcare. Supporting the Siemens DEGREE framework, SFS is one of the leading providers in financing greenfield renewable projects. www.siemens.com/finance.
About Mitsubishi HC Capital America
Mitsubishi HC Capital America is a specialty finance company that has extensive capabilities throughout North America with its affiliate, Mitsubishi HC Capital Canada, combining a consultative approach and expansive digital platform to help organizations of all sizes accelerate growth. With$7.5 billion in assets and more than 800 employees, the company is the largest non-captive, non-bank commercial finance company in North America. Mitsubishi HC Capital America partners with equipment manufacturers, dealers and distributors, as well as end customers, in providing customized financial solutions, including transportation and commercial finance. Dedicated to improving the communities where it operates, the company is committed to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Visit https://www.mhccna.com/en-us
Media Contacts
Onyx Renewables: Jenna Leitgeb, media@onyxrenewables.com
Investec: Charles Clarke, Charles.Clarke@investec.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/blog-posts/onyx-renewable-partners-and-telyon-announce-strategic-partnership-to-develop-40-megawatt-commercial-industrial-solar-portfolio

August 12, 2024
The partnership between Onyx and Telyon brings together two industry-leading platforms that share a similar vision of helping global corporate customers meet and exceed their decarbonization initiatives.
NEW YORK, August 12, 2024— Today, Onyx Renewable Partners (Onyx) and Telyon announce a strategic partnership to develop 40 megawatts of distributed generation solar projects for commercial and industrial (C&I) businesses across the United States. These projects will support key global corporate customers in meaningfully lowering energy costs and achieving sustainability and carbon offset goals. Together, the two companies plan to leverage their expertise to provide C&I customers with sustainable, resilient, tailored distributed clean energy solutions and cost-effective energy to decarbonize their operations.
The first phase of this distributed generation portfolio, totaling just under 10 MW, has already commenced construction and consists of rooftop and ground-mount solar arrays at facilities across the western, central, and eastern United States. The first projects are expected to receive permission to operate later this year, and the companies expect many additional projects to break ground throughout the year. Each project capitalizes on underutilized space, namely on and around warehouse, logistics, distribution, and commercial buildings, allowing customers to seamlessly integrate clean energy solutions into their existing operations.
Onyx’s Chief Commercial Officer, Patty Rollin, celebrated the companies’ shared mission to deliver high-quality solar power to C&I customers. “Both the Telyon and Onyx teams share a vision of delivering high-quality solar and energy transition products to corporate, industrial, real estate, and public sector institutions across the country. This partnership allows Onyx to bring its creative problem-solving, deal structuring, and contracting expertise to the table so that together with Telyon, we can empower American businesses to thrive in the energy transition.”
“This partnership represents the hard work of many involved on both sides of the table. It’s been an absolute pleasure working with the Onyx team, and we are excited to work together to continue bringing safe, efficient, and reliable renewable energy assets online”, said Telyon’s EVP of Finance, Bobby Landino.
About Onyx Renewables
Onyx Renewables is helping companies create the bridge from today’s clean energy reality to tomorrow’s possibilities. A leading provider of clean energy solutions nationwide, Onyx’s approach ensures expert guidance at every step for our commercial, industrial, real estate, public sector, and military customers. From solar energy and storage to EV charging and beyond, Onyx leverages its wide-ranging industry expertise to develop, finance, construct, own and operate projects, transforming energy and regulatory complexities into simple clean energy solutions that reduce emissions and provide economic savings for our customers. Onyx also partners with developers and EPCs to support, fund, and acquire clean energy projects. For more information, visit www.onyxrenewables.com.
About Telyon
Telyon is a turnkey renewable energy developer within the commercial and industrial sector. Consisting of a team of industry veterans, the company is working with some of the world's most influential brands and focused on deal origination, project acquisition, EPC and operations and maintenance of solar, battery storage and EV charging projects throughout the United States. For more information, please visit us at www.telyon.com.
Media Contacts
Onyx Renewables: Jenna Leitgeb, media@onyxrenewables.com
Telyon: Michael Kyle, hello@telyon.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/contact

Contact
As part of our mission to deliver reliable, affordable energy, Onyx’s industry experts are available to discuss how we can work together to move your goals forward.
Whether you’re looking for clean energy solutions to support your operations
or seeking to partner with an established solar and storage provider, reach out to start a conversation. We’ll come prepared with information to help you make sense of your options with no commitment required.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/solutions

Solutions
What that means for your business: affordable onsite energy with no upfront cost.
We often start with solar: the fastest-to-build, cheapest, and most reliable energy source on the market. We work to identify the commercial solar solution that aligns with your site configuration, energy and savings goals, and day-to-day operations.
Evaluate whether additional technologies, like commercial energy storage systems, make sense for your business, energy usage, and decarbonization goals, and whether they should be paired with solar or deployed independently.
Together, we structure a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA), Operating Lease, or Solar Services Agreement (SSA) to meet your business goals. This allows you to receive predictable, stable energy costs without the burden or upfront expense of system ownership.
We tailor energy solutions to meet the unique needs of your business. Our flexible approach delivers results across commercial, industrial, and municipal operations of any scale and complexity.
Whether your focus is reducing costs, improving operational efficiency, or meeting sustainability targets, Onyx tailors energy solutions to help you achieve them.
Work with us to design the right solution for your business.
Onyx’s user portal makes it easy to stay informed and in control, providing a single view of your energy assets and performance metrics.
Take a closer look at how we keep you informed
and your system running smoothly.
Our dedicated origination team is here to guide your business through every stage of energy procurement. From initial assessment to customized proposals, they ensure your goals are at the center of every recommendation.
A Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) is a solar financing option for solar projects where a third-party investor (Onyx) owns and operates the solar system and sells the electricity to the host customer (you) at a fixed rate for a specified period, usually 15-25 years. Commercial solar PPAs can help businesses and individuals access solar energy without having to make any of the large upfront investments otherwise required by self-financing and self-installation. This is how Onyx provides you solar at no upfront cost to you. You are only responsible for your lower utility bills and ongoing PPA payments.
A Solar Services Agreement (SSA) is a service-based structure Onyx uses in cases where a traditional Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) is not permitted or practical. Under an SSA, a third-party owner (Onyx) installs, owns, and operates the solar system, and the customer (you) pays a fixed service fee tied to system availability or performance rather than the electricity produced.
This approach allows customers to access solar with predictable costs and no upfront investment while Onyx manages all operations and maintenance. SSAs are often used to accommodate regulatory, contractual, or site-specific constraints that prevent a standard PPA, while still delivering the same long-term reliability and financial benefits.
An operating lease is a solar financing option where the host customer (you) leases the energy system from a third-party owner (Onyx) for a fixed monthly payment over a defined term. Onyx owns the system, manages operations and maintenance, and retains responsibility for performance, while the customer benefits from predictable energy costs and no upfront capital expense.
Operating leases are often used when a PPA or SSA is not a good fit due to regulatory restrictions, accounting preferences, or site-specific requirements. This structure can provide contractual flexibility while still allowing customers to access high-quality energy without taking on ownership or operational risk.
Yes, many states and local governments offer incentives for solar energy, such as rebates, tax credits, and property tax exemptions. These incentives vary by location, so it's essential to research what incentives are available in your area. Onyx will conduct the market research and applications/permitting work to obtain the applicable incentives to your project as part of our commercial solar services, passing along the value of these incentives in the form of utility cost savings to you.
Renewable Energy Credits (RECs) are certificates that represent the environmental and social benefits of renewable energy. When a solar system generates electricity, it also generates RECs, which can be sold separately from the electricity to individuals or as part of a business’s energy procurement process (for those that want to support renewable energy but cannot generate it themselves). Onyx typically monetizes these RECs on behalf of customers to provide you with a lower energy price.
Commercial battery storage for solar can help customers save money by allowing them to store excess solar energy generated during the day for use at night or during times of peak demand when electricity prices are higher. The amount of money customers can save with a commercial energy storage system depends on several factors, including the cost of electricity in their area, the size of their solar system, and the size of the battery storage system. Onyx can help you analyze your historical energy usage to determine your full savings potential with solar + storage.
Working with Onyx mitigates the investment risks of adopting solar + storage, as we fully finance projects on your behalf through lease structures like commercial solar PPAs, allowing you to observe savings immediately with zero capital expenditure.
Yes, it is possible to install a solar system on a rented property, but it requires the landlord's permission. In some cases, the landlord may be willing to install the solar system and include the cost in the rent or lease agreement. In other cases, the tenant may be responsible for installing and maintaining the solar system and negotiating a favorable agreement with the landlord.
In all cases, Onyx is your partner in determining the best leasing and contract setup to convert you to renewable energy procurement solutions.
If you move or sell your facility, Onyx’s solar power financing options, like PPAs, can be transferred to the new facility owner or lessee so long as they have equal to or better credit ratings and financials. At the end of the solar term agreement (i.e., 15, 20, or 25 years), you have the option to have the system removed at Onyx's expense, purchase the system at the (then) fair market value (determined through a third-party appraiser), or enter into a new PPA with Onyx.
Yes. While Onyx delivers a significant amount of solar for our clients, we also work across a range of complementary technologies. Our team understands the financing structures, technical specifications, and local and state incentives for solutions such as battery and thermal energy storage systems, linear generators, Organic Rankine Cycles (ORCs), and more. Reach out to discuss which options make the most sense for your needs.
As part of our mission to deliver reliable, affordable energy to your business, our industry experts are available to talk through how solar might support your operations. We’ll come prepared with information to help you make sense of your options with no commitment required.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/quality

Quality
Not all energy is delivered equal. Onyx quality standards ensure your business is powered by energy systems that are engineered, inspected, and validated to perform before activation — delivering consistent, reliable power with minimal blackouts or brownouts.
Quality isn’t achieved at a single checkpoint. We embed processes, controls, and accountability structures throughout the entire project lifecycle. These shared definitions create alignment across teams and partners and ensure consistency across every project:
GEM is an acronym that reflects Onyx’s commitment to best-in-class quality. Short for “Great Expectations Met,” GEM guides how Onyx operates, shaping our processes, practices, and customer engagements to deliver reliable energy, rigorous asset care, exceptional service, and a culture of continuous improvement.
GEM is an acronym that reflects Onyx’s commitment to best-in-class quality. Short for “Great Expectations Met,” GEM guides how Onyx operates, shaping our processes, practices, and customer engagements to deliver reliable energy, rigorous asset care, exceptional service, and a culture of continuous improvement.
The GEM Quality Committee is a cross-functional team that identifies, tracks, and resolves quality issues raised across all Onyx operations. Solutions relating to the care of our assets are formalized into procedure documents, design standards, and vendor contracts. By applying these solutions across current and future projects, the committee drives improved system reliability, safer operations, consistent performance, and long-term value for customers and the operating fleet, as well as serves as an open forum for all departments to raise concerns, share insights, and propose improvements.
The GEM Quality Committee is a cross-functional team that identifies, tracks, and resolves quality issues raised across all Onyx operations. Solutions relating to the care of our assets are formalized into procedure documents, design standards, and vendor contracts. By applying these solutions across current and future projects, the committee drives improved system reliability, safer operations, consistent performance, and long-term value for customers and the operating fleet, as well as serves as an open forum for all departments to raise concerns, share insights, and propose improvements.
For each project, Onyx designates a senior leader from its origination, project development, project management, or asset management team to serve as a dedicated point of contact (POC), providing continuity and clear accountability. Supported by cross-functional internal teams, the POC remains responsible for coordination, transparency, and continuity as projects progress, ensuring customers are consistently informed and engaged in decision-making and communication.
For each project, Onyx designates a senior leader from its origination, project development, project management, or asset management team to serve as a dedicated point of contact (POC), providing continuity and clear accountability. Supported by cross-functional internal teams, the POC remains responsible for coordination, transparency, and continuity as projects progress, ensuring customers are consistently informed and engaged in decision-making and communication.
Our comprehensive evaluation process assesses the technical, environmental, and economic feasibility of a project before finalizing design or construction decisions. Onyx’s due diligence includes site-specific testing, engineering analysis, and cost evaluation to identify risks and constraints early. Findings are communicated transparently, allowing designs to be refined or redirected to ensure projects are structurally sound, economically viable, and aligned with customer goals.
Our comprehensive evaluation process assesses the technical, environmental, and economic feasibility of a project before finalizing design or construction decisions. Onyx’s due diligence includes site-specific testing, engineering analysis, and cost evaluation to identify risks and constraints early. Findings are communicated transparently, allowing designs to be refined or redirected to ensure projects are structurally sound, economically viable, and aligned with customer goals.
GEM-certified partners are EPCs or contractors that have successfully completed Onyx’s onboarding review and demonstrated the capability to meet our technical, safety, and quality requirements. They are selected based on documented performance, operational readiness, and alignment with Onyx quality expectations — and are continuously evaluated and improved as projects are delivered.
GEM-certified partners are EPCs or contractors that have successfully completed Onyx’s onboarding review and demonstrated the capability to meet our technical, safety, and quality requirements. They are selected based on documented performance, operational readiness, and alignment with Onyx quality expectations — and are continuously evaluated and improved as projects are delivered.
Before becoming GEM-certified, EPCs and contractors must complete a structured evaluation using Onyx’s Onboarding Checklist. This checklist reviews past project performance, organizational structure, safety history, bonding and insurance capacity, financial strength, licensing confirmation, and key personnel qualifications to ensure only contractors that meet Onyx’s quality, safety, and reliability expectations are eligible to deliver projects.
Before becoming GEM-certified, EPCs and contractors must complete a structured evaluation using Onyx’s Onboarding Checklist. This checklist reviews past project performance, organizational structure, safety history, bonding and insurance capacity, financial strength, licensing confirmation, and key personnel qualifications to ensure only contractors that meet Onyx’s quality, safety, and reliability expectations are eligible to deliver projects.
Onyx works with independent quality assurance / quality control (QA/QC) providers to ensure that all construction, installation, and operations meet rigorous industry standards. This approach verifies safety, reliability, and long-term performance, reflecting Onyx’s commitment to excellence across every aspect of its clean energy operations. See the results of our latest third-party review from HelioVolta.
Onyx works with independent quality assurance / quality control (QA/QC) providers to ensure that all construction, installation, and operations meet rigorous industry standards. This approach verifies safety, reliability, and long-term performance, reflecting Onyx’s commitment to excellence across every aspect of its clean energy operations. See the results of our latest third-party review from HelioVolta.
We track the performance of each contractor we partner with to evaluate their consistent quality over time. Our scorecard integrates onboarding data with QA/QC findings from active project sites, enabling Onyx to compare expected versus actual performance. This allows Onyx to identify trends, address underperformance, and continuously raise the bar for contractor quality across the portfolio.
We track the performance of each contractor we partner with to evaluate their consistent quality over time. Our scorecard integrates onboarding data with QA/QC findings from active project sites, enabling Onyx to compare expected versus actual performance. This allows Onyx to identify trends, address underperformance, and continuously raise the bar for contractor quality across the portfolio.
Onyx’s approach to Technical Asset Management (TAM) reflects our company-wide prioritization of our customers, going beyond standard industry practice to ensure the highest reliability of our systems. Our Technical Asset Managers (TAMs) take end-to-end responsibility for asset performance, including daily monitoring of system performance and continued partnerships with equipment vendors, technicians, and engineers to take proactive care of each system. This hands-on approach enables faster resolution, higher reliability, and stronger long-term performance across Onyx’s operating fleet, ensuring customer satisfaction.
Onyx’s approach to Technical Asset Management (TAM) reflects our company-wide prioritization of our customers, going beyond standard industry practice to ensure the highest reliability of our systems. Our Technical Asset Managers (TAMs) take end-to-end responsibility for asset performance, including daily monitoring of system performance and continued partnerships with equipment vendors, technicians, and engineers to take proactive care of each system. This hands-on approach enables faster resolution, higher reliability, and stronger long-term performance across Onyx’s operating fleet, ensuring customer satisfaction.
Onyx's Asset Management team aggregates data across its operating fleet, including energy production values, asset outage details, and maintenance work information, to maintain a comprehensive understanding of system operations over time. Diligently tracking our fleet data informs quality control decisions and long-term asset care by enabling pattern identification and data-driven improvements across projects.
Onyx's Asset Management team aggregates data across its operating fleet, including energy production values, asset outage details, and maintenance work information, to maintain a comprehensive understanding of system operations over time. Diligently tracking our fleet data informs quality control decisions and long-term asset care by enabling pattern identification and data-driven improvements across projects.
GEM is an acronym that reflects Onyx’s commitment to best-in-class quality. Short for “Great Expectations Met,” GEM guides how Onyx operates, shaping our processes, practices, and customer engagements to deliver reliable energy, rigorous asset care, exceptional service, and a culture of continuous improvement.
The GEM Quality Committee is a cross-functional team that identifies, tracks, and resolves quality issues raised across all Onyx operations. Solutions relating to the care of our assets are formalized into procedure documents, design standards, and vendor contracts. By applying these solutions across current and future projects, the committee drives improved system reliability, safer operations, consistent performance, and long-term value for customers and the operating fleet, as well as serves as an open forum for all departments to raise concerns, share insights, and propose improvements.
For each project, Onyx designates a senior leader from its origination, project development, project management, or asset management team to serve as a dedicated point of contact (POC), providing continuity and clear accountability. Supported by cross-functional internal teams, the POC remains responsible for coordination, transparency, and continuity as projects progress, ensuring customers are consistently informed and engaged in decision-making and communication.
Our comprehensive evaluation process assesses the technical, environmental, and economic feasibility of a project before finalizing design or construction decisions. Onyx’s due diligence includes site-specific testing, engineering analysis, and cost evaluation to identify risks and constraints early. Findings are communicated transparently, allowing designs to be refined or redirected to ensure projects are structurally sound, economically viable, and aligned with customer goals.
GEM-certified partners are EPCs or contractors that have successfully completed Onyx’s onboarding review and demonstrated the capability to meet our technical, safety, and quality requirements. They are selected based on documented performance, operational readiness, and alignment with Onyx quality expectations — and are continuously evaluated and improved as projects are delivered.
Before becoming GEM-certified, EPCs and contractors must complete a structured evaluation using Onyx’s Onboarding Checklist. This checklist reviews past project performance, organizational structure, safety history, bonding and insurance capacity, financial strength, licensing confirmation, and key personnel qualifications to ensure only contractors that meet Onyx’s quality, safety, and reliability expectations are eligible to deliver projects.
Onyx works with independent quality assurance / quality control (QA/QC) providers to ensure that all construction, installation, and operations meet rigorous industry standards. This approach verifies safety, reliability, and long-term performance, reflecting Onyx’s commitment to excellence across every aspect of its clean energy operations. See the results of our latest third-party review from HelioVolta.
We track the performance of each contractor we partner with to evaluate their consistent quality over time. Our scorecard integrates onboarding data with QA/QC findings from active project sites, enabling Onyx to compare expected versus actual performance. This allows Onyx to identify trends, address underperformance, and continuously raise the bar for contractor quality across the portfolio.
Onyx’s approach to Technical Asset Management (TAM) reflects our company-wide prioritization of our customers, going beyond standard industry practice to ensure the highest reliability of our systems. Our Technical Asset Managers (TAMs) take end-to-end responsibility for asset performance, including daily monitoring of system performance and continued partnerships with equipment vendors, technicians, and engineers to take proactive care of each system. This hands-on approach enables faster resolution, higher reliability, and stronger long-term performance across Onyx’s operating fleet, ensuring customer satisfaction.
Onyx's Asset Management team aggregates data across its operating fleet, including energy production values, asset outage details, and maintenance work information, to maintain a comprehensive understanding of system operations over time. Diligently tracking our fleet data informs quality control decisions and long-term asset care by enabling pattern identification and data-driven improvements across projects.
As part of our mission to deliver reliable, affordable energy to your business, our industry experts are available to talk through how solar might support your operations. We’ll come prepared with information to help you make sense of your options with no commitment required.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/case-studies

CASE Studies
Ground mount solar:
Toyota Boshoku America Powers Manufacturing Plant With Cost-Cutting Onsite Solar
Strengthening Energy Resilience for the U.S. Army with 13-MW Solar Project
Mixed solutions:
Onyx Saves Downey, CA $10M with Solar + Storage
CA Biotech Achieves LEED GOLD Status with Onyx Solar + Storage
Carport solar:
Onyx Completes 6.2MW Solar Services Agreement Allowing 3rd Party Ownership in Pima County, AZ
Onyx Estimated to Offset Over 40% Energy Use at SEWD
Onsite Solar Powers Savings and Sustainability for Steel Manufacturer

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/case-studies/biotech-company-or-newark-ca

CASE Studies
Onyx completed the installment of a 1.1MW solar and 1MWh storage solution for a major biotech company in Northern California in 2022. This project supplies a PV+Storage integrated solution to reduce power costs and manage the facility's peak energy demand.
Onyx managed oversight of construction at the facility, inclusive of utilizing a large crane pic consisting of (6) 8-hour days of weekend work to accommodate for the facility's production areas and production schedules.
Onyx complied and reported as required with all Safety OSCHA and CDC compliance regulations to maintain a construction schedule during the 2020 COVID Pandemic.
The 1.1MW solar PV and 250kW / 1000kWh battery storage system supports the facility's LEED GOLD Status while providing for a sustainable, uninterrupted power supply for the company's production and manufacturing lines.
The solar + storage project allows for net metering at the facility within PG&E utility territory in Northern California.
Solar PV
Tesla Battery Storage
PPA Term

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/partners

Partners
A lot goes into every successful clean energy project. Let’s combine our resources to deliver results across your portfolio and reliable energy across the nation.
We look for partners who are experienced, safety-first EPCs with a track record of on-time, on-budget delivery to execute Onyx-owned projects.
We help advance projects through Notice To Proceed (NTP) and mechanically complete (MC).
We add value to projects facing capital constraints, execution risk, or delivery uncertainty through long-term ownership and hands-on execution support.
Onyx is owned by SDCL Energy Efficiency Income Trust (SEEIT), a global investor in sustainable energy solutions. This ownership structure provides Onyx flexibility and stable access to long-term capital from major institutional investors, enabling us to deliver highly customized clean energy solutions to our partners and customers.
Capital raised through
third-party financing
since 2022
Total Capital
deployed to date
Our mergers and acquisitions team works with you to evaluate portfolios and projects, providing capital and execution certainty while identifying opportunities to advance clean energy assets.
Take a closer look at how we add certainty to your project.
Questions? Reach out to our dedicated M&A team to learn how partnering with Onyx can move your goals forward.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/careers

Careers
Join the brightest minds and boldest thinkers in the industry while gaining valuable experience across the clean energy value chain.
“My experiences here have helped me flourish and nurtured my growth into an established engineer. I strive to learn more everyday and help Onyx pave the way in creating renewable energy ecosystems.”
“Onyx leadership believes in its people and promotes a culture of creativity, collaboration and professional growth.”
“I chose Onyx because of their vision of decarbonizing the planet and making a difference in the world. I’ve had a great experience, and I am convinced that they will continue to do a great job for me in the future.”
“I’m in awe of the passion and dedication the Onyx team brings to the clean energy space. Their commitment to making a real impact is truly inspiring, and I feel incredibly fortunate to be part of a company that shares my values and fosters my growth in this field.”
Don't see what you're looking for?
Email careers@onyxrenewables.com with your resume and cover letter.
A Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) is a solar financing option for solar projects where a third-party investor (Onyx) owns and operates the solar system and sells the electricity to the host customer (you) at a fixed rate for a specified period, usually 15-25 years. Commercial solar PPAs can help businesses and individuals access solar energy without having to make any of the large upfront investments otherwise required by self-financing and self-installation. This is how Onyx provides you solar at no upfront cost to you. You are only responsible for your lower utility bills and ongoing PPA payments.
Location:
Boston, MA
Employment Type:
Full-Time
Salary Range:
$80,000
Job Summary:
We are seeking a Mechanical Engineer to support the design, analysis, and deployment of mechanical systems for solar and clean energy projects. This role focuses on ensuring safe, efficient, and cost-effective system designs that meet performance, quality, and regulatory requirements.
Key Responsibilities:
Qualifications:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/highlights

Highlights
Insights:
How businesses and next-gen power providers are redefining America’s grid
News:
Onyx Renewables Completes Construction of 13-MW Solar Project at Fort Polk Military Installation
Solar 101: Intro to Solar Energy Project Types
How to compete in a sustainable supply chain
Solar 101: The complete guide to solar energy for business
Onyx Renewables Secures $260 Million in Secured Credit Facilities to Support Nationwide Deployment of Localized Clean Energy Solutions
Toyota Boshoku America Powers Manufacturing Facility With 5.7-Megawatt Solar Project
Onyx Renewables and Sol Systems boost clean energy use at Illinois wastewater plant
Onyx Renewables Delivers Additional 4MW of Solar Energy to U.S. Army’s Fort Riley

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.onyxrenewables.com/blog-posts/onyx-renewables-delivers-additional-4mw-of-solar-energy-to-u-s-armys-fort-riley

February 20, 2025
Solar energy now powers 40% of military housing community’s annual electric needs.
New York, NY (February 20, 2025) — Onyx Renewables (Onyx) is excited to announce the completion of Phase 3 of its onsite solar energy project at U.S. Army Garrison Fort Riley in Kansas. Executed in partnership with sustainable infrastructure solutions provider, Corvias, this latest phase of development will generate an additional 4.23 megawatts (MW) of clean energy, providing stable electricity rates and energy security to Fort Riley housing communities.
The total installed solar capacity at the military garrison now exceeds 16 MW, making it one of the largest renewable energy projects in Kansas. Phase 3 of the project includes the first ground-mounted solar arrays at Fort Riley. Previous phases — completed in 2018 and 2021 — consisted of rooftop installations. Roughly 40% of the Fort Riley housing community’s annual electricity needs are now supported by reliable clean energy.
"Onyx Renewables is honored to advance energy resilience at Fort Riley through innovative onsite solar solutions," said Patty Rollin, Chief Commercial Officer at Onyx. "By expanding clean energy generation across the base, we are not only strengthening energy security but also reinforcing the long-term readiness of our armed forces."
To complete the latest Fort Riley installations, Onyx collaborated with Power Factor, a preferred subcontractor who employs numerous veterans and prioritizes hiring former service members. Through the Department of Energy’s Solar Ready Vets program and employment initiatives such as USO Pathfinder, the development team was able to provide well-paying clean energy jobs to former military service members.
“Through our partnership with Onyx Renewables, we continue to deliver immediate, tangible benefits to the Fort Riley community,” said Jim Champagne, SVP of Asset Management at Corvias. “These solar initiatives not only provide cleaner energy but also enhance the quality of life for service members and their families.”
Onyx remains committed to supporting the U.S. military’s energy transition through our partnership with Corvias and our delivery of innovative onsite clean energy solutions. By leading the way in quality solar deployment, Onyx continues to demonstrate the power of clean energy in enhancing mission readiness and operational resilience.
About Onyx Renewables
Onyx Renewables is helping companies create the bridge from today’s clean energy reality to tomorrow’s possibilities. A leading provider of clean energy solutions nationwide, Onyx’s approach ensures expert guidance at every step for our commercial, industrial, real estate, public sector, and military customers. From solar energy and storage to EV charging and beyond, Onyx leverages its wide-ranging industry expertise to develop, finance, construct, own and operate projects, transforming energy and regulatory complexities into simple clean energy solutions that reduce emissions and provide economic savings for our customers. Onyx also partners with developers and EPCs to support, fund, and acquire clean energy projects. For more information, visit www.onyxrenewables.com.
Media Contacts
Onyx Renewables: media@onyxrenewables.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.onyxrenewables.com/company

Company
We are more than developers. Onyx’s in-house team of engineers, legal experts, O&M specialists, and finance professionals has the experience to navigate complexity and deliver results that fuel your growth.
Years of
PPAs financed
Projects in
operation to date
Gigawatts of
development experience
Mary Beth Mandanas
Chief Executive Officer, Onyx Renewables
Backed by a wealth of experience across the energy value chain, our leadership team brings the expertise required to deliver long-term value to partners and customers.
Onyx works alongside energy buyers, builders, and operators to bring high-performing clean energy projects to life. By aligning stakeholders and skillsets, we move projects forward, reduce costs, and create long-term value across the energy system.
As part of our mission to deliver reliable, affordable energy to your business, our industry experts are available to talk through how solar might support your operations. We’ll come prepared with information to help you make sense of your options with no commitment required.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.onyxrenewables.com/case-studies/community-facilities-pima-county-az

CASE Studies
Originating in 2016, Onyx developed a partnership with Pima County under a Solar Services Agreement (SSA) structure, allowing third-party ownership in Arizona.
Onyx acquired and completed a portfolio of projects in early-stage development that was later expanded to 15 projects for Pima County, AZ, including 7 municipal buildings.
The municipal and community facilities include the Pima County Stadium, Community Parks, Animal Care Facility, Juvenile Jail Facility, and Medical Examiner’s Office.
Interconnected into Tucson Electric Power utility territory behind the meter, the projects are operated and maintained by Onyx through our vertically-integrated Onyx Asset Services Group.
Brian Seibel, President, Solon
Portfolio Size
Total Projects
Contract Structure

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/blog-posts/how-businesses-and-next-gen-power-providers-are-redefining-americas-grid

December 11, 2025
There is a paradigm shift underway that will redefine America’s power grid: For the first time ever, businesses have an alternative to purchasing electricity from their local utility — and it's a whole lot cheaper.
The beginning of this new power paradigm is already happening, and not a moment too soon. Instead of centralized power sources, resources like onsite solar and batteries are making power more accessible. Instead of electricity flowing one way, new energy resources are sending electricity back into the grid. To achieve a smarter, more modernized electricity system, we must reimagine today’s infrastructure and recast the grid’s main power players. Here’s how we do it:
The limits of our outdated electrical grid
For more than a century, our electrical grid has relied on centralized power plants to deliver electricity to customers, big and small. From homes and small businesses to hospitals, factories, warehouses, and beyond, electricity users have relied on these big power players that send electricity in one direction — from the power plant to homes and businesses. Utilities are generally in control, and the average electricity buyer doesn’t have much say in how or where their power is generated, nor how much it costs.
This old power grid is no longer fit for purpose. Its infrastructure is aging and desperately needs upgrades. Electricity demand is rising thanks to electrification, AI, and new data centers. Utilities — and by extension American ratepayers — spend billions on expenses and years on planning and approvals to build new transmission and distribution infrastructure while struggling to keep up with the ever-mounting requests to add more power sources.
We are already seeing the shortfalls in this system’s ability to support a 21st-century economy: Electricity bills are going up for American businesses and households, extreme weather and other events are threatening the reliable delivery of power, and the new infrastructure we urgently need is too often caught up in red tape waiting to be built. We are making things harder than it needs to be. Rather than patching up an outdated system, America must reimagine the way we deliver electricity.
How DERs are driving a new power paradigm
Enter our new power paradigm. Over the past 20 years, this reimagining has been slowly under way. With solar cheaper than it’s ever been, batteries booming, and more demand than ever before, distributed energy resources (DERs) — think onsite solar and battery storage systems — are popping up on homes and businesses across the country. These DERs provide more predictable costs, hedging against the rising rates of utilities as they shoulder new demand growth, and help to ensure reliable electricity during peak demand times and blackouts. They’re a tremendous value-add to the grid at a time when we urgently need new power sources.
What’s more, DERs can send electricity not only to homes and businesses but flowing back into the grid, where a centralized energy management system acts as traffic control, directing electrons to where they need to go. By adding to the power-generating resources that already exist, DERs allow utilities to focus less on producing enough power and more on the delivery of that power through transmission and distribution infrastructure. Onsite solar and batteries don’t replace the important work utilities do; they augment it.
But on today’s grid, DERs are still backup power sources. They’re not the star of the show — yet. A smarter, modernized grid won’t be complete until we flip the balance of electricity resources so that DERs are no longer the backup but the protagonist.
When DERs become the star of the show, scores of solar panels, batteries, and small-scale power generators will be spread across our grid, locally generated electricity will power homes and businesses close to the source, electricity will travel shorter distances from the power source to its end user, and customers will enjoy greater reliability. Decentralized power will have less need for transmission infrastructure and lower likelihood of system-wide blackouts. For electricity customers, big and small, this translates to more savings, more reliability, and more resilience.
Meet the modernized grid’s new power players
Our new power paradigm features many of the same players but recast in different roles. Here’s how everyone plays a role in building a better grid:
The Builders
As power experts, the renewable energy and infrastructure sectors lead the transformation of our grid.
Utilities are crucial players. As centralized grid managers, they are the traffic control in our everyday power use. They also manage the transmission and distribution lines that are vital to delivering reliable power to Americans. Meanwhile, big power plants can still provide important backup power when demand is high or grid issues affect delivery.
Clean energy solutions providers — think developers of solar, battery storage, wind, and other clean technologies — are the beating heart of this new grid system. They work together to build and operate the DERs powering our economy. In a more decentralized power system, these DERs then make up the wide array of power sources spread across the United States, supplying customers with electricity.
These energy providers should be in the business of serving customers, not selling electrons. Being able to supply electricity that is as good or better than existing services is crucial for speeding the adoption of DERs. This means not only consistently high-quality electricity generation but a thoughtful approach to customer service, making sure energy providers are working in the background to anticipate and seamlessly meet customers’ needs, and making themselves available when those customers want to engage.
As we transition to this new power paradigm, the builders have an imperative to educate industry and business partners on the evolution of our electricity system. For many, if not most, American businesses, where their electricity comes from is not a top-of-mind issue until it becomes a problem. To help build a future that benefits everyone, energy providers need to help both customers and other partners imagine what the new power paradigm looks like and how it can help them achieve their goals.
The Buyers
Big electricity buyers are helping to shape the new power paradigm, too.
Commercial businesses and manufacturers lead the way in purchasing large amounts of electricity to power their operations, from factories, office buildings, warehouses, and more. For them, low, predictable cost and short development timelines make DERs an attractive investment for decarbonizing their operations. Often, these onsite DERs take the form of rooftop, ground-mount, or carport solar energy for businesses, but they can also include battery storage, natural gas generators, wind turbines, combined heat and power (CHP) systems, linear generators, organic rankine cycle (ORC) turbines, and even geothermal energy.
Other large energy buyers like municipalities, universities, schools, and hospitals can also procure renewable energy to support the grid — and save money — by choosing to buy energy through power purchase agreements (PPAs) and other long-term contracts that guarantee demand for DERs and secure predictable electricity rates for years to come.
The Influencers
While the builders and buyers are busy creating and maintaining the new power paradigm, the Influencers work to educate the many stakeholders on the benefits of the new paradigm.
Trade associations, industry organizations, and chambers of commerce are prime examples of influencers, who support both the prosperity of American businesses and the new power paradigm needed to achieve this success. By educating their corporate partners on the benefits of shifting to PPAs tied to onsite energy resources like solar and battery storage, these influential players can help guide the business community in the right direction to strengthen the grid
Commercial property owners can also support this transition to a new power paradigm by working with clean energy solutions providers to outfit their buildings with onsite energy infrastructure in advance of commercial tenants moving in to provide more — and more affordable — energy options to their customers.
A modern grid starts with distributed energy
By continuing to invest in an outdated electricity grid, we are working harder than we need to be. We are spending billions on long-term transmission and distribution to address problems that can be fixed with onsite energy and grid innovation today.
With DERs as the star of the show, power players throughout the electrical grid can build a system that suits today’s energy needs. Everyone wants the same thing: affordable, clean electricity provided in a timely manner. This new power paradigm is how we make that high-quality power accessible across the country.
Are you a builder? A buyer? An influencer? Connect with Onyx Renewables today so we can explore how to build the new power paradigm — together.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/blog-posts/onyx-renewables-completes-construction-of-13-mw-solar-project-at-fort-polk-military-installation

August 20, 2025
Joint venture between Onyx Renewables and Corvias completes construction of two renewable energy projects to support the U.S. Army’s pursuit of energy resiliency
Leesville, LA, August 20, 2025 — Onyx Renewables (“Onyx”), a leading clean energy solutions provider, announced today the completion of two ground-mount solar projects totaling 13 megawatts at the U.S. Army’s Fort Polk military installation. Developed in partnership with sustainable infrastructure solutions provider Corvias, the projects were celebrated earlier this month with a ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by Onyx, Corvias, the U.S. Department of Defense, community leaders, and other key stakeholders.
The solar arrays are scheduled for energization this fall, and Onyx will finance, own, and operate the systems long term.
In collaboration with the U.S. Army, Onyx and Corvias developed these projects to provide a predictable electric rate to the military installation while also advancing the Army’s energy goals. The projects will leverage renewable energy generation that can support the military installation’s energy resiliency, with the addition of battery storage and microgrid controls in the future.
“Onyx is proud to contribute to on-base readiness at Fort Polk through our partnership with Corvias,” said Onyx Renewables’ SVP of Origination Kevin Cox. “By increasing onsite energy capacity with distributed resources, we are not only bolstering crucial resilience across the base but also generating savings that will benefit the military community stationed there.”
The Fort Polk solar projects, which are collocated on one parcel spanning 97 acres, will provide energy cost savings through an Operating Lease over the 25-year project term. In addition to promoting energy security and resiliency, the projects are anticipated to meet 42% of the electricity demand for on-base housing in their first year.
“Corvias’ efforts across our military housing portfolio are a reflection of the important role energy resilience plays in national security,” said Corvias Chief Executive Officer Chris Wilson. “By enhancing the energy infrastructure of military installations, we are helping to meet tomorrow’s defense needs.”
Building on their successful track record of developing distributed generation (DG) assets for the U.S. Army at bases such as Fort Riley, this latest milestone at Fort Polk underscores Onyx and Corvias’ collective determination and ability to drive sustainable energy solutions forward. The companies’ extensive experience in navigating complex regulatory landscapes has been instrumental in advancing this landmark renewable energy project in Louisiana.
About Onyx Renewables
Onyx Renewables is helping companies create the bridge from today’s clean energy reality to tomorrow’s possibilities by innovating projects that deliver immediate economic savings and sustainability for our commercial, industrial, institutional, and military customers. A leading provider of localized clean energy solutions nationwide, Onyx leverages its wide-ranging industry expertise to develop, finance, construct, own, and operate projects. From solar energy to battery storage and beyond, Onyx transforms energy and regulatory complexities into tangible results, delivering best-in-class, quality solutions to promote a sustainable, affordable future for the next generation. Onyx also partners with developers and EPCs to support, fund, and acquire clean energy projects.
About Corvias
Corvias partners with the Department of Defense and higher education institutions to solve infrastructure and energy resiliency challenges and to create long-term, sustainable value through our unique Solutions Through Partnerships® approach. Corvias partnerships enhance the well-being in our communities, including at the largest renewable energy project in Kansas and at resiliency projects nationwide. Our more than 72,000 residents consistently highly rank the courtesy and professionalism of our maintenance and leasing personnel. To learn more, please visit: www.corvias.com.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/blog-posts/solar-101-intro-to-solar-energy-project-types

August 8, 2025
Solar energy systems come in all shapes and sizes. As the clean energy industry has evolved, innovations in solar equipment have made this infrastructure both more efficient and more affordable, minimizing the physical footprint required to generate electricity and maximizing cost savings for customers who invest in clean energy.
If you’re a corporate professional considering renewable energy for your business, the various types of solar projects can be a lot to wrap your head around. As part of our Solar 101 series, here’s everything you need to know about the three main types of solar energy projects for your corporate renewable energy procurement.
What are the main components of a solar panel system?
Before diving into the three main types of solar panel systems, it’s worth highlighting the common components they all share, as well as a few helpful clean energy terms:
- Racking system: The metal frame that solar panels are attached to. This structure can be secured by stakes driven into the ground or weighted to ensure it doesn’t move.
- Fixed-tilt system: A system in which solar panels remain stationary and always positioned at the same angle
- Tracker system: A system in which solar panels move — or track — to follow the sun’s trajectory, repositioning throughout the day to maximize the amount of energy produced.
- Inverter: A device that converts direct current (DC) electricity that the panels capture to alternating current (AC), which is what the electrical grid uses.
- Solar module: The basic building block of a solar energy system. A module is a series of interconnected photovoltaic solar cells sealed in a protective frame that convert sunlight to electricity.
- Battery storage: Technology that stores energy for later use. Battery energy storage systems (BESS) can connect to solar energy systems to store excess power produced during the day and used later on when the sun isn’t as strong — at night, for example, or when it’s cloudy.
- Microgrid: An onsite, localized electrical grid that can operate independently or alongside the larger electrical grid. Microgrids can be made up of both renewable and conventional energy sources.
For businesses with limited space, there are offsite renewable energy procurement options, too, including community solar, renewable energy credits, virtual net metering, and virtual power purchase agreements. Read more about the different ways to procure solar energy here.
Ground-mount solar panels
A ground-mount system is a solar array constructed on an open piece of land. This type of project can feature almost any configuration of solar panels and racking equipment, with flexibility to position panels in a way that leads to consistently high production. Their location makes this kind of installation one of the easiest to clean and maintain. However, these arrays must often comply with more environmental and land-use regulations than other types of solar energy projects.
Ground-mount arrays are an option for businesses that have an expanse of unused land, such as an open field, a capped landfill, or a plot that was once agricultural land. Ideally, the site spans at least four to five acres, is relatively flat, and isn’t prone to flooding or other environmental disturbances. Ownership of the site is preferred, but it’s not required — as long as the landowner is willing to lease the land to the energy provider to build and operate the project on their property, a ground-mount solar system can be constructed.
For businesses that want to showcase their sustainability efforts, ground-mount systems are one of the most visible types of projects, as they are at ground level.
See an example of a ground-mount solar energy system here.
Rooftop solar panels
A rooftop system is a solar array located on the roof of a building. This type of project typically uses a ballasted — or weighted — racking system to limit the number of penetrations required to anchor the solar system to the roof. Rooftop systems are designed to optimize the space and orientation of the structure, and they are typically fixed-tilt panels rather than tracker systems.
The structural design of the roof is uniquely important for this type of solar energy project, as it must be able to safely accommodate the weight of the solar energy system in addition to meeting the necessary building code requirements. Flat or mostly flat rooftops offer more flexibility in solar energy system design, however it is also possible to install a solar energy system on a pitched roof. Light-colored, reflective roof surfaces are helpful, too, as they help to direct more light onto the solar panels and increase electricity generation.
Rooftop arrays can maximize space that would otherwise go unused — we recommend allocating at least 100,000 square feet of roof space for this type of solar energy project. This placement also makes for a less visible onsite solar system, allowing businesses to seamlessly incorporate clean energy into their operations without vastly changing the appearance of their property.
Property ownership is helpful for those hoping to install a rooftop system but, again, not required. In some cases, the property owner may install the onsite solar system and simply include the cost in the rent or lease agreement. In other cases, the tenant can install and maintain the solar system with agreement from the building owner. Either way, so long as the building owner is willing to lease the space for a solar energy system, installation is possible.
See examples of rooftop solar energy systems here and here.
Carport and canopy solar panels
A carport or canopy system is a small structure with a solar array affixed to the top. These structures can be built using a range of materials, including steel or aluminum, and are usually built over parking lots or seating areas with the added benefit of shielding vehicles — or people — from the elements. Solar panels are then mounted on top of the canopy, typically using a fixed-tilt system.
This type of solar energy project works well for businesses that want to ensure an outdoor space has more than one use. In addition to clean power, canopies provide shade and serve as a visible display of a business’s commitment to sustainability. These additional benefits play a factor in considering the most appropriate solar energy project type for a business, alongside costs and the unique requirements of these installations. Carports, for instance, must conform to the parking stall layout to preserve the site’s existing function and are typically the most expensive solar energy project type to construct.
These systems can also be developed with a larger vision in mind: For businesses that may want to install electric vehicle chargers, for example, incorporating the necessary electrical infrastructure into a carport or canopy system design will make that installation process easier, whether adding EV infrastructure now or in the future.
See examples of carport and canopy solar energy systems here and here.
How to know which solar energy system is best for your business
With several types of onsite solar energy projects — and many factors to consider when determining which one best suits your needs — making the decision on the best way to go solar can be complicated. But you don’t have to figure it out alone: Clean energy providers like Onyx Renewables are well positioned to offer sound advice. We can help you assess your business’ energy needs and weigh the factors that go into selecting a system that maximizes the benefits of adopting solar energy for your business.
Our expertise comes from experience: From rooftops to ground mounts, carports to solar power systems equipped with battery storage, we have ongoing development in more than 30 states and over 400 completed projects across the country. And because we own and operate the solar energy systems we build, Onyx has a shared interest in creating the highest quality solar arrays to maximize energy production and cost savings for our customers.
Curious about what type of solar energy project might work for your business? Learn more through our Solar 101 resources, or contact Onyx today to explore your options.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.onyxrenewables.com/case-studies/biotech-company-or-newark-ca

CASE Studies
Onyx completed the installment of a 1.1MW solar and 1MWh storage solution for a major biotech company in Northern California in 2022. This project supplies a PV+Storage integrated solution to reduce power costs and manage the facility's peak energy demand.
Onyx managed oversight of construction at the facility, inclusive of utilizing a large crane pic consisting of (6) 8-hour days of weekend work to accommodate for the facility's production areas and production schedules.
Onyx complied and reported as required with all Safety OSCHA and CDC compliance regulations to maintain a construction schedule during the 2020 COVID Pandemic.
The 1.1MW solar PV and 250kW / 1000kWh battery storage system supports the facility's LEED GOLD Status while providing for a sustainable, uninterrupted power supply for the company's production and manufacturing lines.
The solar + storage project allows for net metering at the facility within PG&E utility territory in Northern California.
Solar PV
Tesla Battery Storage
PPA Term

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://onyxrenewables.com/blog-posts/how-to-compete-in-a-sustainable-supply-chain

June 24, 2025
Onyx Renewables explains how commercial and industrial (C&I) suppliers can utilize onsite solar energy to achieve their sustainability goals — and stay competitive in an increasingly green supply chain.
With regulators around the world embracing more stringent greenhouse gas emissions reporting, major corporations are paying closer attention to not only their own emissions, but the emissions across their entire operational networks. Up to 90% of a company’s emissions come from processes within the value chain — and managing those emissions can be tricky.
Increasingly, corporate businesses are partnering with suppliers whose sustainability and emissions reduction goals align with their own. For manufacturers, logistics providers, and other businesses that take swift action to decarbonize their operations, there is a growing opportunity to stand out in a sea of suppliers and provide cleaner products and services to corporate customers.
In our inaugural white paper, “Supply Chain Sustainability,” Onyx Renewables details how suppliers and other companies across the value chain can leverage clean energy to boost their business. With deep renewable energy expertise and more than 400 projects completed and in operation across the United States, we aim to help corporate suppliers decrease their greenhouse gas emissions, build resilience against energy price volatility, and become sustainability leaders.
This resource details how onsite solar power in particular can be an ace in the hole for suppliers, helping you achieve your sustainability goals and maintain a competitive edge over others in increasingly decarbonized supply chains.
Onsite solar enables businesses to consume localized energy that is clean and produced right at their facility. This reduces emissions from fossil fuel power generation, eliminates the need to purchase offsite energy, and provides a reliable power supply when paired with battery storage, which improves resilience if the power grid goes down. Onsite solar can also help reduce long-term energy costs and provide additional benefits such as emissions reporting data that can demonstrate a business’s progress toward sustainability goals, as well as visual proof of clean energy procurement.
That way, energy doesn’t have to be just an expense — it can also be an asset that decreases your carbon emissions and attracts new business relationships with companies seeking sustainability-oriented partners.
Inside the full white paper, we…
- Unpack Scope 3 regulations and discuss how these rules are transforming the way major corporations evaluate their supply chain relationships.
- Dive deeper into how you can incorporate onsite solar energy into your business operations.
- Explore the business case for being a sustainability leader.
- Explain why deploying onsite clean energy solutions can help you stand out in a crowded market.
Read the full white paper here.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------