ROOT: https://solartopps.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:34:47.906089Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 13

================================================================================

URL: https://solartopps.com/

Arizona’s Premier
Solar + Battery
Installer
Since 2009, At Solar Topps We've
Integrated 1,800
Battery Backup Systems
Helped 30,000
Homeowners Go Solar
Raised $5.4 Billion
in Property Value for Homes
Installed 3.15 Million
Solar Panels Across Arizona
Saved $1.2 Billion
On Utility Bills for our Customers
3.15+
Million Panels Installed
30K+
Happy, Satisfied Customers
The Solar Topps Difference
Locally Owned | Fast Installs | No Subcontractors | 25 Year Warranties | 5-Star Support | A+ BBB Rated
Based in Phoenix since 2009, our lowest-priced, premium solar energy solutions provide the best value in Solar, Battery Backup and EV Charging options. We’ve helped thousands of Arizonans happily make the switch to solar and we want to do the same for you!
We aren’t just roofers, electricians, or salespeople who decided to get into the solar industry. We are a highly accredited construction engineering firm that specializes in designing, installing, and servicing rooftop, ground mount, and shade structure solar systems for homes and businesses.
Our reputation as Arizona’s Most Trusted Solar Company is because of our recognition within the industry as a true leader, our award-winning project management operation, our consistently over-performing systems, and prompt, exceptional customer service when you need it. As a proud, locally owned, all-in-one solar company, we provide premium products that are precisely engineered and installed to deliver premium results.
Better Products. Better Service. Always For a Lower Price.
Who We AreWe Are Arizona’s Trusted Leader in Solar + Battery Solutions
Trusted for our proven results, we’re continuously ranked among Arizona’s most reputable solar and battery installers. We provide industry-leading products, installations and service to help maximize savings.
Solutions Engineered Around Your Needs
At Solar Topps, we deliver fully customized energy solutions designed to maximize savings and improve energy independence for homeowners and businesses. Whether you’re considering a new solar installation, expanding your existing solar system, or adding a battery-only backup for uninterrupted power, our team builds the perfect system tailored to your needs. Because all of our design, engineering, installation, and support services are completed in-house, you receive better efficiency, faster turnaround, and superior quality control. This in-house versatility allows us to create solar and battery systems that are optimized for performance, long-term reliability, and return on investment—not one-size-fits-all packages.
With Solar Topps, your future-ready energy solution is backed by experienced professionals who take full ownership—from design and installation to long-term support.
The Best in the Industry Put Their Trust in Us
Our proven track record of superior engineering, high-quality installations and
excellent customer service has earned us the highest certifications in the industry.
Hear Directly From Our Customers
The Heusinkveld Family
“We’ve had three different installations done by Solar Topps. Initially, we looked at three different vendors but it was difficult to make comparisons because the estimates laid out differently and the prices varied. But when we met with Solar Topps, they helped us understand the differences and figure out what was important. They were professional, clean, and courteous. This year we received a credit on our energy bills, which has allowed us to spend more money on vacations and art for our home. We’ve had no issues with the installation, and no issues with the operation – it just has worked!”
The Edlund + DuPont McCord Family
“We heard from various sources that the reputation of Solar Topps was outstanding. They had our 90-panel system up and running in less than 2 months. Every day it produces a huge amount of power, more than we anticipated. Of course, as the days get longer, it produces more. We can run all of our appliances during the day, and the system produces more than we consume. We look at our energy production on our iPad every day and see how it’s doing. It’s all very exciting! We are so delighted with Solar Topps; their reputation is everything.”
The Borino Family
“We’ve had three different installations done by Solar Topps. Initially, we looked at three different vendors but it was difficult to make comparisons because the estimates laid out differently and the prices varied. But when we met with Solar Topps, they helped us understand the differences and figure out what was important. They were professional, clean, and courteous. This year we received a credit on our energy bills, which has allowed us to spend more money on vacations and art for our home. We’ve had no issues with the installation, and no issues with the operation – it just has worked!”
The Singh Family
“We had three companies come and give us estimates, but when we came across Solar Topps, they were way more knowledgable, genuine, got straight to the point, and made us feel confident. Any questions we had, we got answers promptly, and had a very good, very positive interaction from the start. They got done sooner than even they expected and coordinated everything with APS. We’ve had no issues at all since our installation in 2011. Before solar, our energy bill was between $7,000 – $8,000 per year. After solar, we pay between $600 – $700 per year. Solar Topps is by far the best choice we could have made.”
Get Whole-Home Backup at the Lowest Cost Ever - No Solar Needed!
Charge your battery from the grid when energy is cheapest and protect your home from rate hikes, peak pricing, demand fees and unpredictable power outages. Lower your utility bill and offset rising electricity costs with a battery-only energy system from Solar Topps. Whether a new installation or an addition to an existing system, we’ve got you covered.
Contact for a Free Site EvaluationExciting Company Updates
Now Offering Battery Only Installs!
Protect your home from unexpected power outages with a battery backup system—no solar panels required! You can store power from the grid when energ is cheapest and then use it to stay powered during blackouts, storms, or grid failures, keeping your lights, appliances, and essential devices running seamlessly. Unlike traditional generators, battery backups are quiet, maintenance-free, and provide instant power without the need for fuel. Plus, they help you save money by storing energy when rates are low and using it during peak hours. Don’t wait for the next outage—invest in reliable backup power today and enjoy peace of mind knowing your home is always protected.
Learn MoreTesla Powerwall 3 + Expansion Packs in STOCK!
As Arizona’s Premier Tesla Certified Installer, we’ve stocked our warehouse with Tesla PowerWall 3’s as well as the Expansion Packs so that you can grow your system with your needs. While other companies are taking 6 months, we are getting customer’s up and running in 6 weeks. With the largest available inventory in the State, we are helping more customers store their power and use their energy their way.
Learn MorePremium Products Stocked to Avoid Tariff Price Hikes
At Solar Topps, we are constantly evaluating how to bring more value to our customers. That’s why, with the ongoing political climate, we decided to stock up as much as possible so that your system cost would not increase! While other companies may struggle with supply shortages and rising costs, we’ve secured premium panels at unbeatable rates—ready for immediate installation. Don’t wait for prices to go up—act now to protect your investment and start saving more with Solar Topps!
Learn MoreThe Heusinkveld Family
“We’ve had three different installations done by Solar Topps. Initially, we looked at three different vendors but it was difficult to make comparisons because the estimates laid out differently and the prices varied. But when we met with Solar Topps, they helped us understand the differences and figure out what was important. They were professional, clean, and courteous. This year we received a credit on our energy bills, which has allowed us to spend more money on vacations and art for our home. We’ve had no issues with the installation, and no issues with the operation – it just has worked!”
The Edlund + DuPont McCord Family
“We heard from various sources that the reputation of Solar Topps was outstanding. They had our 90-panel system up and running in less than 2 months. Every day it produces a huge amount of power, more than we anticipated. Of course, as the days get longer, it produces more. We can run all of our appliances during the day, and the system produces more than we consume. We look at our energy production on our iPad every day and see how it’s doing. It’s all very exciting! We are so delighted with Solar Topps; their reputation is everything.”
The Borino Family
“We’ve had three different installations done by Solar Topps. Initially, we looked at three different vendors but it was difficult to make comparisons because the estimates laid out differently and the prices varied. But when we met with Solar Topps, they helped us understand the differences and figure out what was important. They were professional, clean, and courteous. This year we received a credit on our energy bills, which has allowed us to spend more money on vacations and art for our home. We’ve had no issues with the installation, and no issues with the operation – it just has worked!”
The Singh Family
“We had three companies come and give us estimates, but when we came across Solar Topps, they were way more knowledgable, genuine, got straight to the point, and made us feel confident. Any questions we had, we got answers promptly, and had a very good, very positive interaction from the start. They got done sooner than even they expected and coordinated everything with APS. We’ve had no issues at all since our installation in 2011. Before solar, our energy bill was between $7,000 – $8,000 per year. After solar, we pay between $600 – $700 per year. Solar Topps is by far the best choice we could have made.”
Save More with Arizona’s Leader in Solar
and Battery Installations Since 2009
Our team provides clear, transparent, honest answers and pricing to
help you know if getting an energy system installed makes sense.
Real Reviews, Experiences and Savings
Ruth Phillips
Very good customer service, took the time to answer all questions and followed up every step of the way. Installers and technicians were so polite and detail oriented
JR Foerster
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new...
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new inverter and the system is up and running. Much better system than before with an even better monitoring system and App. Solar Topps employees are very professional and their follow up and communications are great as well. Thank you Solar Topps!!!
Read More
Heidi Taveras
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will...
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will definitely recommend them!
Read More
Scott Thompson
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they...
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they met the timeline they quoted. I am happy with the system performance and I would highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone looking to install a new solar system.
Read More
Frederick Larsen
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time...
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time and they set them all up for us. One Powerwall we got didn't work on activation and the owner was at our house, on the phone with Tesla who authorized a replacement - which was done within 2 hrs of finding out it wasn't working. Nothing but good things to say about them. Definitely recommend.
Read More
M Chase
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch....
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch. I wholeheartedly recommend them.
Read More
Rakesh Ajwani
Great communication. Awesome job!
William Ashburn
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was...
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was no affect to actual production to the grid or for home use). Called Solar Topps support and they worked with me to verify that the gateway had indeed failed and a repair appointment was made to replace it. Service technician was prompt and very knowledgeable regarding the repair. Overall from contacting support to repair work, I am very pleased that I chose Solar Topps for my system and their commitment to long term service and warranty work. I highly recommend this company for anyone desiring a solar
plant installation for their home or business.
Read More
Kevin Harney
The Solar Topps team is very knowledgeable, professional and customer service driven. I highly recommend them!
Michelle Hilgeman
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar....
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar. They are extremely professional and delivered in the anticipated timeframe. Their customer service is great!!
Read More
Cptcoob
Solar Topps did a great job designing my system. I've had it for about a month now and I have nothing bad to say about the company, their employees or the product.
Tom Joseph
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an...
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an issue reaching someone when we had questions and their service was fantastic. They showed up when they said they would and they did what they said they would do. Their field personnel from their electricians, to the panel install crew, to the engineer that came out to answer questions and walk us thru the app were the best. SolarTopps made the entire process painless and I cannot say enough good things about them. They are your choice for solar. Thank you SolarTopps!!!
Read More
Neil Thomas
Professionals all the way around. Made sure that nothing ever sat around waiting on them. Clean, solid work.
Jacob Esho
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made...
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made the entire experience seamless. Highly recommend this local company!
Read More
Vern Stephens
Very attentive, excellent communication.
Erik Foerstner
The team put together a fantastic system for my household. They were friendly, and professional when talking with them. And they provided updates throughout the whole process
JK Ebner
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t...
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t think I waited more than an hour for a response to any email or text message I sent during this process over the last three months. I found them by contacting a solar info specialist named Zak Alomari was so knowledgeable and authentic that I felt comfortable with his recommendations from the start. He was the one who recommended Solar Topps and said he wouldn’t recommend anyone else after doing this for many years because they are so far above anyone else, it’s not even close. He was right…all the way. Thank you Zak. The installation team was extremely professional, kind, and neat. The quality of the install was exceptional. I’m very detailed oriented in my personality and my job, and I noticed all the attention to detail the team took in the whole process. When we designed the system, it was clearly laid out, and we talked through several scenarios of how I might want to use it in the future or expand it so we could get it nailed down perfectly. One of the things I noticed, because I like things clean, neat and organized is the laser engraved labels on all of the elements of the electrical boxes. I did not expect this, but it makes the system’s value even higher. If/when we sell our home in the future, this adds even more value to the system. I cannot recommend them highly enough. I pay attention to service because it means a lot to me, and these guys hit it out of the park. Well done and thank you. -John E (Paradise Valley,AZ)
Read More
James Fenske
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly...
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly communicated each step of the way and set clear expectations on timelines.
Never realized what a complex space getting solar is. The actual install itself took 3 days (battery, conduit, electrical panel upgrade and solar panels) but the permitting, inspections and approvals were the long haul which took around 90 days - again, I didn't have to do anything. Solar Topps took care of the whole experience.
Thanks to Mark, Jesus and the installer team, Raj and Nitish for excellent communication and workmanship.
If you're curious about solar, my recommendation would be go as big as you can with your budget in terms of panel array and definitely consider a Powerwall. Given our past APS bills, our current system will pay for itself in 6 years. Thanks again Solar Topps!
Read More
Kyle Chalmers
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their...
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their efforts!
Read More
Moises Gallegos
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I...
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I would have encountered Solar Topps when I installed the solar system because their customer service is just simply outstanding!
Read More
Steve Parker
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar...
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar Topps came out and did the repair and charged me zero dollars.
Read More
Jeremy Anderson
It was excellent working with SolarTopps. The communication was frequent, timely, and clear throughout the process. The technicians arrived on time and communicated each step of the way. I’m extremely satisfied with their work.
Howard Jones
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running...
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running smoothly and efficiently. It was a smart purchase.
Read More
Jason Storoschuck
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually...
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually called me to go over the Tesla app and make sure everything was dialed in. We highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone interested in getting solar.
Read More
Tomasz Soltyszewski
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very...
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very pleased with Solar Topps and would highly recommend the company to anyone who values honesty, great customer service and good workmanship.
Read More
Vinod Sontineni
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything...
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything went smoothly from start to finish, and the system has been running perfectly. It’s rare to find a company this professional and dependable these days. Highly recommend them to anyone thinking about getting solar!
Read More
George Worley
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were...
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were never here. Worth giving them your Solar needs project.
Read More
Jason
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from...
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from different companies. Solar Topps wasn't the cheapest, but it was truly one of the few that was local to the valley. This was important to have a local company involved and not a company that is nationwide using a contractor. One thing I learned fast is that ALL Solar Topps employees live here in the valley. Solar Topps turned out to be the best. Very organized and helpful. Also, Solar Topps designed the best system they could using APS bills. But really, they need more information to dial the system in to your usage. So do your homework and stop blaming them because you didnt give them all the pcs of the puzzle.
Also, when you're new to Solar, the customer has to define their goals to help them. I thought I knew what my goals were. I later learned my goal has changed. I started with a 50-panel 20Kwh system with 1 Powerwall 3 whole-home backup battery. I thought I would never have to buy power from APS again. It wasn't till I started going day by day at my usage and pulling my after-hours, meaning no solar production to see just how many batteries I really need to achieve this. Most people don't know this data.
This process can take longer than expected. Everything that I encountered with delays had nothing to do with them. But I blamed them in the moment. They listened and never got upset with me.
In the end, I was happy with the system they designed based on the info I gave them. After installing, my goals started changing, and I dug deep into usage. Put an energy monitor in my main panel on every circuit to see what uses what in the house. I then changed what I could to lower the usage.
I now have added 2 more Tesla Powerwall expansion batteries. I use zero power from APS and sell them nearly 4 bucks a day in power. It's nice to get paid by them and not pay them. Also, they can raise the rates all they want.t I don't use their power anymore.
Thanks, Niel, Sean, Robby, Summy, Mike, Gaurav
I have turned into a total solar geek. Thanks Solar Topps!!!!
Read More
loraine lambkins
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would...
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would not bring up my wifi. I told him I would figure it out later. He said he would check back with me to make sure I got connected. A few days later the same guy called back and got me up and running. I'm so greatful for his knowledge and patience.
Read More
Shelby Grossman
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but...
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but also on quality of products.
Read More
Don Larson
Fixed problem quickly.
gzemeida
They help me with the connection issue I had and everything worked out great. Thanks for being so helpful and thanks for doing it quickly and considerably. Great job.
Mark Ganley
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and...
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and gave me great customer service. I am super happy with solar tops and would recommend them to anyone who has any type of solar needs.
Read More
Clarence Holland (High Desert Energy)
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less...
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less than one day and everything was done flawless.
Read More
Brian Lovins
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and...
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and called, texted, and emailed me with each step of the process. I highly recommend SolarTopps for anyone interested in a solar energy system.
Read More
Spencer Justus
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my...
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my first two APS bills for May and June with an electric vehicle charging in a 2100 sq ft. Home for $31 and $28. They answered all my calls and followed thru with all plans. I would recommend to all my family and friends and in fact I have. Thanks again! I did my homework and it paid off.
Read More
ruben gonzalez
Great company! I've had Solar Topps systems on two separate homes and have had great experiences with both. Any issue I've had has been promptly identified and addressed by them. Would highly recommend.
Amy King
The customer support at Solar Topps is top notch. They helped me by walking through the process to reset my system and continued to monitor my unit until it was fixed. They are very responsive to any request for assistance.
chase andrew
Sean is very engaging, great customer service, answering questions and trying to help make the best choice wether it is with them or not he still wants to make sure your fully informed.
Jill Thomas
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to...
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to work with, and follow through with what they say they are going to do. Highly recommended.
Read More
Kiran
It was great working with solartopps. Solar Topps did an incredible job with our solar installation! Their team was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient from start to finish. The process was seamless, with clear communication.
Hina Shah
customer service is fantastic.........GAURAV is an excellent empoyee. helped me to restore my solar pannel production working on timely and efficient with profassinal manner
Christopher Engeler
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be...
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be around for us whenever we would need them.
Read More
Le Vu
Had inverter replaced, great service.
Russ Rose
Solar Topps did a great job with their proposal, which was very competitive. They worked hard getting our solar installed and up and running. Highly recommend this company.
Jason Olson
Great service, this company stands behind their product and service is terrific. I would recommend Solar Topps for anyone considering going solar.
Aryon Fareghi
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery...
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery had a problem due to an error on my side and they contacted me within the same day to let me know the system was off, although I was able to restore power myself they still sent a technician out to check my system and make sure everything was ok. This company is great and goes above and beyond for their customers!
Read More
Jeff Price
Great communication through the process. Team was neat, clean and efficient without any inconvenience. Final connection set up by Neal was thorough and timely.
Cheryl Poisson
Excellent customer service. Answered all of my questions, worked with me to set up the Enlighten monitoring solar production app and explained everything simply for me without “jargon”
Ashley Ruiz
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many...
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many panels needed, gave me different pricing options and were super patient with all my questions. I did a lot of research on Solar Companies and these guys were the only ones that didn't seem like slime balls just trying to make a sale. If you are looking for Solar you can't go wrong with these guys!
Read More
Dr. Saju Skaria
Outstanding service by team SolarTopps. Great work ethics and focus on client’s needs. I wish great success for this company! I loved the professionalism of Gaurav. 5* (5 star) performer!!
Michael Walborn
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There...
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There were many steps and everyone at Solar Topps was professional and customer oriented. Special recognition to Zak, my sales rep, John, the electrician who installed the panel upgrade and inverter, and Alex (I hope I remembered that right) and another tech who did the rooftop panel installation. They were fast, efficient, did a clean, attractive job and communicated well.
Read More
Satori Agape-Economo
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking...
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking forward to reduced costs in electricity and having electricity when any issues come up with the grid.
Read More
Sarah Ngina
Great customer service!
CHan old
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of...
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of the system! He was very personable very knowledgeable and I appreciate his outstanding customer service! I highly recommend solar tops and I'm not an easy one to convince on anything...
Read More
John Stone
Solar Topps is fantastic! Everything from the initial install to to follow up questions. This is a top notch company with first class customer support.
Margie Watts
This company has not only great customer service but the materials used for the solar equipment is the best. There workmanship was great no complaints whatsoever
Michael Hilgers
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect....
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect. I highly recommend Solar Topps. This is the second time I have had a solar installation and the first time was through a company through Costco and hands-down Solar Topps is a way better company with a lot better customer service. They did not cut corners or sell me cheap equipment. I’m extremely happy with the product they gave me.
Read More
Lino Vela
Solar Topps was amazing and very responsive. They kept me updated throughout the entire process. Definitely recommend this Solar company since they are local and have been in the industry for a long time.
Anthony Mitchell
Extremely helpful every step of the way. To the salesman to the installers to the technicians who turned on the system.
Thomas Buechner
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also...
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also have an EV that would need to be charged. Solar Topps was able to take our input of what we wanted (100% offset of electricity) and our general life style to come up with a system size to meet our needs. They even suggested that we not put all of the solar panels on the south facing roof but rather put some on our west facing roof to take advantage of the late afternoon sun to help in the summer months when TEP rate is the highest. They worked with us on every step of the process from permitting though final “Permission To Operate” (PTO) from TEP electric company. They had a very completive bid and completed the project in a reasonable time frame. We would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone that was interest in getting solar installed on their home.
Read More
Brad Lawrence
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar...
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar companies are hit and run with sales people; SolarTopps is real.
Read More
Bob Butler
Technician’s were great, staff provided updates in a timely manner
Anthony Umina
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps...
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps facility and took the time to explain every detail of their operations.
What stood out the most was their commitment to excellence. Every part of their business, from the equipment they use to their carefully thought-out practices, reflects their dedication to the highest standards. Robby’s in-depth explanations about how their processes benefit customers gave me complete confidence in their expertise and integrity.
If you’re considering solar in Phoenix, Solar Topps is the clear choice. They combine cutting edge technology with meticulous attention to detail and exceptional customer service. I wouldn’t trust or recommend anyone else!
Read More
John Zamlen
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout...
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout the process. Overall, a great experience with Solar Topps; they definitely know their business!
Read More
Bob Binder
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If...
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If you are in Arizona, don’t sub your work to an out of State group. These folks, sales, design, install and support are all employed by Solar Topps in Phoenix, AZ. No sub contractors. I’m very happy with the whole process. Watching my meter spin backwards as we speak!
Read More
Matthew Norris
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality...
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality of work has been outstanding, and they have shown up as scheduled.. All workers have been courteous and respectful, and responses to questions/issues timely.
In a world full of scammers and less than ethical fly-by- night outfits, Solar Topps has been board and ethical. I would recommend to friends.
Read More
Roger Ping
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality,...
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality, professional installation of the additional panels. I am retired from an aviation maintenance / quality control career, so I expect quality when I higher a company for service and am very disappointed when hack preforms sub par workmanship. I have no hesitation recommending Solar Topps for your solar installation or upgrade. They are the best!
Read More
John Tyler
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the...
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the panels instead of getting locked into some weird lease system. Fortunately, I knew Mark Greene through work and asked his advice. He works with Solar Topps and was able to sit down with my family and clearly explain the pros and cons of different options, and give us a detailed picture of what we could expect. We decided it was a good move for us and signed up.
Once the process began, it went pretty much exactly as Mark described. The installers were very professional and efficient. They work directly for the company (not subcontractors) so the communication was quick and easy and their truck was clearly labeled Solar Topps. They left the work area clean when they were done and the black on black solar panels look very nice and modern.
The regulation process through the City of Phoenix and APS was definitely slow but at least proceeded smoothly. Solar Topps kept us informed of next steps and what to expect for a general timeline. So that part was as painless as possible.
Now that the system is turned on and running we are very satisfied with the results. The Tesla app makes everything about your power use and generation very clear. When nothing is turned on you can see the baseline power your house uses, and the when the heater or airconditioning turns on you can see the use jump up, which is informative. Also you can easily see how much power use was solar, battery, and grid along with a cost savings estimate.
So over all, I would highly recommend talking to Mark to get a good idea of what your different options are, and I would trust Solar Topps to give you a clean and efficient install and setup. Just keep in mind that your city and APS/SRP are going to take a while to inspect and approve everything. After that, enjoy making your own power, saving money and being secure from blackouts.
Read More
Nathaniel Crump
professional and helpful. I highly recommend this company
Randy Bultman
Great people to work with
Theresa McKinney
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them...
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them for your solar.
Read More
Aaron -
excellent post-install care and support
Doug Drake
Excellent support removing then replacing my solar as I had my roof redone. Very professional, on-time, cleaned up and answered all my questions.
ccagle77
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for...
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for our home. From the beginning in talking to our salesman, Sean, his communication was outstanding, answering our every question, even on weekends. Solar Topps worked with us in delaying our install, so it was convenient for us. The install of our adapted power box and solar panels was well done and organized. All of the workers from electricians to installers were all professional and friendly, and all made it a very pleasant experience for us. We look forward to the savings we will receive by going solar.
Read More
Ronnie Hevelone
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the...
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the heat of 110. They even upgraded our monitor. Beyond happy with this company.
10-18-24:Great service once again, we had Microinverters installed and everything was fantastic. A month or so later one of our panels stopped charging but ST came over quickly and repaired the connector and our system works again perfectly. Mark was technician, worked like the pro he is. Hannah Cooper handled scheduling and communication with the expertise and grace of a professional customer service representative. We love ST and recommend them people who want a good ,secure,reliable company taking care of them.
Read More
Marsha Rice
Great customer service.
Mark Clark
Experienced disruptions with solar communications. After several unsuccesful attempts to self-correct I called Solar Topps, the installer. Mike and his boss came, diagnosed problem and promptly corrected it. Covered by warranty. Should have called sooner.
Melissa Mckinney
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all...
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all of my questions and made me feel very comfortable about my decision to go with solar. I would recommend this company to anyone thinking about solar.
Read More
Todd Coslett
Solar Topps is a Great Solar Company. They are very prompt to answer any questions or service needed. I am very happy with my choice for Solar Topps.
Shannon Collier
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me...
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me navigate a difficult situation. Solar Topps was great with communication in terms of when the crew would be there to do the work. On the day of, the crew was prompt and extremely courteous, and always kept me informed about their progress. The job needed to be spanned out over a couple of days but I didn't mind because I knew it was being done right, no corners cut.
I needed to have my panels removed because of a roof leak situation that turned out not to be the fault of Solar Topps. Michael came to my property numerous times and even coordinated with my roofing company to help identify the source of the problem. Nobody wants to deal with a situation like this but Michael was extremely knowledgable and came to the site with a ton of experience (and patience!) to do whatever he could to help set things right. He thoroughly inspected the site at each critical step of the fixing process and always took the time to make sure I felt comfortable with the plan of action. He gave me great advice backed by years of experience, and like I said, he was on site (probably more than usual - which is why I say he went above and beyond) to make sure all was well. It has yet to rain again to make sure the reroofing (done by my roofing company) fixed the issue, but I feel confident in everything that Michael and the Solar Topps install team did for my particular situation.
I wouldn't wish a roof leak situation on anyone, it can get expensive fast and is very stressful... but I will say that Solar Topps treated me and the situation (which was lengthy and complex) well. I was always able to get ahold of someone and service was prompt. I've talked with a lot of solar companies and would still very highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in getting solar (just make sure your roof is SOLID before you put panels on!)
Read More
Jimmie L Witcher
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my...
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my Panels was generating), so he ask me if I mind if he could disconnect so he could do some research, he called back promptly as he promised. Aneal walked me through everything that I need to do to understand how to log on the Solar Edge support site and monitor the output of my Panels. I had been at this for about a week and was about ready to give up. Thank you Aneal. I really appreciated you help.
Read More
Bob Hart
Service is always fast and friendly.
Suresh Venna
Top class experience. Some of the micro inverters were not reporting and I left a message after hours. Got a call within an hour with resolution. Great customer oriented dedicated management and team. Highly recommend them!! Thanks Solar Topps team.
Jill Berman
I called Solar Topps at 2:00 when I noticed my system was down and they came out quickly and it was back on before 5:00. Great job!!
Linda Campbell
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the...
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the issue. She was polite, patient and thorough. Solar Topps customer service is excellent.
Read More
Ronald Swierk
Got my system up and running again.
Jonathan Malaney
Incredible service, great prices, super professional!
Merrill Moss
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create...
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create the final highly professional proposal, to hand holding all the way through the actual installation of the system, we have been impressed. Solar Topps is clearly a solid, honest, and very dependable resource in their category and, all things considered, we believe we received tremendous value from our transaction. We wholeheartedly recommend them to others.
Read More
Bill Vail
System went down and received a quick response.
Daniel Williford
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great...
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great job and were the best price on the market! Would highly recommend. I’ve had my panels for 6 months now and it’s been fantastic!! May was our best month yet, our bill was $2 for a 2600 sq ft home.
Read More
Cary Laxer
Excellent staff. Was kept well informed of every step in the process.
Mark Salisbury
The service technician did a great job correcting the problem.
Tyler Ryan
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out...
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out to be an issue with the builder of my home not properly tightening the main service line to my service panel. In troubleshooting Solar Topps resolved the issue for me!
Read More
Amanda P
Had an issue with our solar and team was timely in helping get a resolution. When working with manager, he was receptive to feedback and worked to ensure all concerns were resolved.
John&Vicki Tate
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from...
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from start to finish to make sure our solar production loss was cut to a minimum. All work was done as promised!
Read More
Tom McCarty
Mark arrived on time and completed the service quickly. He addressed all my questions and helped me understand the nature of the problem and the fix. Thank you Mark and thanks Solar Topps for a quick response to my concern.
Naseema Shaik
Excellent service. Had an issue with Solar Inverter registration with Tesla, resolved quickly and made sure that App is reflecting with the changes. Now I can see inverter in App and track the data. Thanks
Taylor Kay
Great company and I love my solar system.The sales representative was very professional and the construction crew did great work.
Max Crouch
All around great company. Price service and the best part is the 25 year production guarantee.
steve von Lutzow
Great solar company. Would recommend !
Eric
Great company. Good work, clean install, money saved!
Noah In Phoenix
Smooth and easy process, great company
Thomas Allen
Great company, loved working with them!
alex metzler
Seamless process, and easy to work with! Great team
Luke Taylor
Great company.
Luke Stalus
Best company I had come give a quote, worked with me and my timeline! Great sales man, not pushy at all!
Tom Spaid
Great customer service. I had a problem with my solar panels, and they came out the next day to fix them. Very professional and great service.
Steve Ciucci
Solar Topps is always willing to help with any problem with a prompt resolution. Thanks Sashi
LeeAnn Medina
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing...
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing ever since!!! Highly recommended!
Read More
Hamid Dakhily
Good Solar company; quick customer care resolution team and friendly; definitely would recommend them to everyone
Yu-Cheng Wang
Installed last year. Very Professional, good service after install. Had some panel issues but pretty responsive and fixed those all in the next day or two. Highly recommended !
Allen Nawrocki
Solar Topps resolved a roof leak, one day after my very concerned phone call. Very satisfied, very reassuring. Thank you.
Lillico Corperations
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting...
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting phase of the process. All worked out good!! 👍🏻
Read More
Ginny Johnston
Extremely knowledgable, very patient and fixed my problem.... thank you so much for your help
M M
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was...
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was impressed because it was a holiday weekend right before Christmas.
Read More
Gail Kociemba
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated...
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated to us. Very happy that we went with Solar Topps.
Read More
Haider Faris
Great service and very informative about the process
Melissa Figueroa
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not...
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not tech savvy so he helped me step by step! Thank you!
Read More
Kory Lazar
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of...
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of the installation process. They customized a solution that perfectly met my needs and budget, and I never felt pressured to make a decision.
The installation crew was professional and efficient. They arrived on time and worked diligently to install my solar system. The quality of their work was exceptional, and they paid attention to every detail to ensure a seamless integration with my roof. I was impressed by their expertise and dedication to delivering a top-notch installation.
Activating the system was a breeze, thanks to Solar Topps' guidance. They provided clear instructions and support throughout the process, making sure I understood how to monitor and maintain my solar system.
One of the reasons I chose Solar Topps was their use of top-quality panels. They offered a range of options, and I was able to select panels that suited my needs and budget. Knowing that I have high-quality panels installed gives me peace of mind about the long-term performance of my solar system.
To top it all off, Solar Topps offered the best price in Phoenix. I did my research and compared quotes from several companies, and Solar Topps came out on top in terms of value for money. I couldn't be happier with my decision to go solar with Solar Topps. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a reliable, professional, and cost-effective solar solution!
Read More
Mike Campagna
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and...
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and running! They were easy to work with and they handle all the little details with permits, the power company and our HOA. All I had to do was write 3 checks (almost painless).
Read More
Chris Dunham (The Real Estate Guy)
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar...
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar Revolution!!!!
Read More
Dwight Alfonsi
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this...
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this company. Thank you!
Read More
Nick Smith
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free...
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free from your electric company and all their added fees, GO SOLAR! Also the Fed. is willing to pay for a hefty portion of your solar install, let Solar Topps come by your home and explain it all.
Read More
peter harris
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process,...
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process, including city and APS inspections, took less time than estimated. I would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in installing solar panels.
Read More
Jennie O
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager,...
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager, Nolan, stayed in close contact and communicated above and beyond what we expected. Solar Topps completed the project ahead of schedule. Scot completed the very final steps efficiently and went beyond what we expected. We can’t say enough positive things about our experience.
Read More
Jeannie Peck
Solar Topps replaced one of my panels that had been hit by a golf ball. They were very friendly and efficient
Linda Hetman
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We...
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We wanted to put the electric bill to rest. There are so many companies out there, selling solar. They use a line like “ we can save you money”. We didn’t want to just save money, we wanted our bill eliminated.
5 years later, we pay a few dollars in taxes on the bill, and get money back at end of the year. I feel bad for people that fall for the solar lease. We have a Pre-paid lease… which means we own our system, but they do any maintenance for 20 years. It is the best of both worlds. No monthly bills. No monthly lease to pay, no maintenance…The system paid for itself in less the 5 years
Read More
Linda Costello
Solar Topps is absolutely Topps in the field. They are very helpful, efficient, and they know what they are doing. I am so grateful for all that was done for me to make this dream of mine come true!
Tim Branagan
Installed a 10KW system at our home in Mohave Valley, AZ. System performing at/above expectations. Install was done well, and installers were courteous and professional. Highly recommend.
Barbara Bruckner
Arnav was very helpful when I called. Thank you, Arnav.
Ignacio del Valle
Arnav (support) and Sean O'Brien (sales) are always fast in responding to all my questions. Solar panels come with a lot of new information and Solar Topps makes sure I am satisfied every time I call.
Kathy Kujawa
Solar Topps was SO awesome on the installation and continues to be OUTSTANDING in any customer service inquiry I have. I give them 5 stars for their follow-up and follow-thru. Thank you Solar Topps!
Michael Cook
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!!...
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!! 10/10 recommend.
Read More
Bob Funkhouser
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams...
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams were also very good, hard working and from a customers’ perspective, informative and friendly. I was very pleased with the entire process and would recommend Solar Topps to anyone!
Read More
Christina DeVita
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure...
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure to follow up to insure all was corrected. Thank you so much, SolarTopps for all your great work!
Read More
Matthew Walters
Solar Topps is a great company to buy solar from. They have great pricing, many financing options, skilled staff, and provide excellent ongoing support. Would highly recommend.
KS
They replaced an out of warranty inverter with a new one promptly and connected to my mySolar phone App also. Tech knew what was needed to be done. Excellent company.
Brian Blair
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house...
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house have been courteous and very capable. Not one surprise. If a tech is going to be late they call you and let you know so you aren't left waiting. We went with a different solar company also on Energy Sage and cancelled our contract 10 days into it because we weren't getting called back, we were left hanging when techs didn't show up and they were using subcontractors. Really good decision to bail on that company and go with Solar Topps. A very low stress experience from beginning to end.
Read More
Kristopher Hillmer
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the...
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the workers cracked a couple tiles on the roof which can happen when doing major roof work. But they had a quality inspector check everything and informed me about the broken tiles and they sent out a guy to replace them. This is nice because I have heard of other solar companies not advice that they broke some tiles. Originally they did not have the correct tiles and instead did a repair on the cracked ones while they looked for tiles that would replace them. Ended up coming out 3 times until they got a set of tiles that fit properly and they replaced them with no charge at all.
Only other issue i had was the central computer that reports system outputs not working but they also came out and replaced that no issues at all.
Overall very friendly and responsive support so far and I fully expect it will continue if I ever need to contact them again.
Read More
Robbie Zelman
I love working with Solar Topps. They really care about there customers.
Thomas Snyder
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps,...
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps, the firm that installed the solar back in 2017, to ask them to diagnose the problem. Shortly after one of their technicians scheduled an appointment to do a field inspection that disclosed burn marks on the two panel. A warranty application was promptly prepared by Solar Topps and forwarded to Hyundai, the panel manufacturer in Korea for approval. After prompt and persistent follow by Solar Topps an approval was granted. Two new panels were installed on my roof within 30 days of discovering the problem at no expense to me. I'm very grateful to the staff and management of Solar Topps for the hassle-free follow through and the standing behind of their warranty obligations......Tom Snyder
Read More
Elizabeth Priselac
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always...
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always quickly followed up with any of my concerns. I was very happy to be working with them when one of my inverters needed to be replaced. Bradley and Mark were also two of the best technicians- very kind and knowledgeable! Thank you!
Read More
Brian Lamoureux
Couldn’t have asked for better customer service. I was kept informed every step of the way and any questions I had were quickly answer to my satisfaction. They took care of everything!
Cheslynn Parsons
Neal reached out and assisted in resolving my issue after hours on a Sunday evening. Thank you.
Raju Pusapati
Solar Topps installed our system three years ago. They were very responsive throughout the process leading up to activation. Their after installation support is professional and competent in addressing in issues with production. I recommend Solar Topps
Todd Meyer
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very...
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very well communicated and went very smooth. A couple minor things at the end of the install, that they mitigated pretty quickly. Overall would completely recommend.
Read More
Rafael Jimenez
They helped me out on their day off to help resolve my issue! Great customer service
Isaac Frantz
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a...
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a couple EV chargers and a roof allowance to the financing, which was a great help. Thanks for making it all work. Thanks again!
Read More
Lee Knight
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier...
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier to understand every step involved in the installation of the solar panels. Nolan, Tony, Neal, sangram, Harshad, and the installation crew were fantastic in keeping me informed during each step of the process. Whenever I had a question, I received an answer the same day. I really appreciate the work involved by every one from start to finish to make the completion of the project so quick, especially since I live in Tucson. I won't hesitate to refer them to my friends!
Read More
Jose J Moraila
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan...
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan were and continue to be extremely helpful in every aspect.
Solar Topps is a Top Notch Professional Business. I am extremely happy and glad that I decided to go with them as my Solar System Installer.
Read More
George Fallar
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and...
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and would, instead, have a company travel from Tucson to Cave Creek.
We contacted a few local companies and also used Energy Sage online to get some quotes. Two responses from Energy Sage included Solar Topps and we're glad they did.
Solar Topps gave us a price equal to the lowest national quote and the hardware was better (Panasonic panels versus something else) and good Enphase electronics. They were also a couple thousand dollars less than another local company we had install our solar hot water heater system.
We had a signed contract with Solar Topps dated March 9 and our system was turned on and working April 12.
That, to us, is an incredibly fast turnaround for a good sized solar panel system. We had been prepared by other companies for a 90 day period of time start to finish, so to have it done in a few days more than A MONTH was a very pleasant surprise.
We didn't have to do ANY of the paperwork with Maricopa County or APS, Solar Topps took care of all of it in a painless fashion.
Solar Topps was a pleasure to work with every step of the way. Any questions were answered via phone or email VERY promptly and correctly.
An example:
Our system has panels oriented south and west. Solar Topps was the only company to come up with this option to maximize the efficiency of our system to take advantage of the peak power rates of APS by having some panels installed to maximize the efficiency of the total system in the afternoon when the sun is lower in the west. See the attached real-time report from our panels and an early billing report from APS where our first few days with the system running has APS paying US instead of vice-versa. (to be fair, the weather has been easy and the A/C hasn't been running, but... still that's pretty cool)
If you are thinking of solar and you're in the Phoenix metro area (or elsewhere, even), you should definitely give SERIOUS consideration to using local company around for a long time Solar Topps.
Seriously, DO IT!
Read More
joplin casey
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly...
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly and attentitivley. i have overall confidence in the product i purchaced and am happy with my new solar system. i definitley reccomend Solar Topps for cusomer service and thouroughness.
Read More
Jack Maddox
great response on issues and prompt fix thank you
Edwin Ricketts
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update....
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update. The estimated savings function is not available and it works very well!
Read More
Ron Green
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from...
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from beginning to end.
Highly recommend anyone looking at adding solar to their home to contact Solar Topps
Read More
Jim Oliver
Quick, efficient, professional. Very responsive to deal with unexpected issues.
Karen Antelmi
I'm very impressed with the work that went into the design, permit and inspections. I have had it since 2015 and don't regret the decision I made.
Bill Baptista
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of...
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of contract to when panels would go "live". The company met the timeline. A few times since Sept. 2014 the software to monitor production was lost. On each occasion one phone call was made and a tech was out and I was able to again look on my laptop and see what my panels were producing. A neighbor of mine went with a competitor two weeks after I signed. I was live in Sept. 2014 and he was live in Jan. 15! I have no problem in referring people to Solar Topps. We received three bids and Solar Topps was the best price, we are very happy we went with them and have referred them to friends.
Read More
Harold Froelichfreeman
Absolutely no problems with huge electric bill savings.
Gary Bekken
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to...
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to change. After speaking to others in our community, attending seminars and crunching numbers, we felt solar panels was the way to go and Solar Topps offered us the best plan for our needs. I figured our breakeven point would be 8 plus years. We have had our solar panels for 6 years and next year they will have paid for themselves. The panels have been so maintenance free we tend to forget about them. If asked about it, I tell people I'm happy we went solar and would do it again.
Read More
Satish Kosuri
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take...
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take care of me in no time. Looking forward for their new venture in solar so i can go for our new home.
Read More
Larry Horn
Glad I chose Solar Topps. Would be so again.
Tim Phares
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever...
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever made. I highly recommend them.
Read More
Whitney Westgate
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from...
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from my perspective, the installation company was important but the components were more important. It is my opinion that Solar Topps uses only the best components.
Also, I wanted to own my system and get the federal tax credits. I did and with my reduced cost of installation, I calculate my investment will be returned in savings in between five and six years. All components are warranted at least 20 years. Having been a business owner before my retirement, that is an OK deal.
Leasing my system and making monthly payments instead of paying the utility company directly did/does not comply with my preferences.
The actual installation was very well done. It looks good and is strong. It has survived several wind storms, including the recent micro burst that took down hundreds of trees in our area and took down three large trees within 50 yards of my home. Damage to my solar system was zero.
Further, i receive monthly energy production reports that allow me to monitor my usage and savings on an ongoing basis. My energy production is actually better than our estimates were at the time of installation.
I am pleased with every aspect of the work Solar Topps did for us.
Read More
Desert Geezer
Excellent service in every way. Highly recommend Solar Tops.
X X
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to...
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to my neighbors.
Read More
Ted Pilcher
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! ...
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! This is absolutely the best customer service experience we have had out of all of the local companies that we have dealt with. We highly recommend Solar Topps.
Read More
Neil Hounjet
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive,...
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive, Their sales rep. (Tony) took the time to walk me through the proposal, but was also extremely responsive through the full experience. Nearly every follow question I had was answered the same day. Even when there was an issue with the initial plan that was submitted to SRP, they quickly offered alternate options that still met my needs.
The installation was seamless, and even though we were near the end of the year, they managed to get everything done and turn on before the 2020 tax incentives expired. The system has been turned on for two months now and everything is performing as expected.
The only area of improvement I could suggest is that during the quoting process, it was not clear that they would not be installing a demand load management system (which is fairly standard) and the connections to see my house's power consumption/demand from the grid. Not a huge deal, but a little more clarity there would have been helpful, but would not have changed my mind in selecting them.
Overall I am extremely pleased with the system so far and have not had any surprises in my bills from SRP.
Read More
Emily Davis
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to...
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to have our system up and running as quickly as we could. Joan and her team had our system turned on within 2.5 months. We were so impressed by this, especially considering all of the shut downs that were impacting our permitting and inspection timelines. But they made it happen! We are so happy to finally have our system running and helping us save money, especially when every bit counts. We will be recommending this company to all of our friends and neighbors that are considering going solar.
Read More
Paulene Anderson
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the...
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the panels did everything he said it would do
Of
Read More
Susan Ontiveros
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up...
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up and were very respectful. We have been working with Solar Topps for several months as they went through the process of permits, electrical installation then the solar panels. We are looking forward to the rebate the Government will return. We should be up and running in 2 weeks after inspection and meter install. We recommend this reputable company.
Read More
Abba
EXcellent company. Excellent professional service. Strongly recommended.
Ray Johnson
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario...
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario showed up at the scheduled appointment. He and his crew were very professional and did a fantastic job. Thank you Solar Topps!
Read More
Leona Henry
Had solar tops for 3 years love them
K S
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was...
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was not affected still they followed up very professionally. Excellent Solar company.
Read More
Joe Hernandez
Great company, excellent customer service!
Milan P
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with...
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with his presentation and layout along with his explanation in regards to solar panels and there differences. He wasn't trying to push high-end panels down my throat like some other companies, I had already done all my own research in regards economy,standard and premium panel options. I went with the standard/economy blended panel option as i like to call it, signed my contract and left the rest up to solartopps. The process and installation took a while,longer then expected actually. I never complained,never bothered the company during this entire process I just let them do there thing. In the end they did me a solid, upgraded my panels to premium at no extra costs to me. They didn't have to do that,in fact most companies wouldn't even bother to offer it. In my personal opinion that's what separates a good company from a great company! Having said all that, can't forget about the installation crew! Splendid work boys! From the installation of panels and wiring of the box very clean, nicely done! Customer service department you ask? Excellent! I was updated via email thru the entire process,informed about each step was nice! Thank you all, I am very appreciative of all your efforts and for the upgraded panels.
Read More
Juan Camaney
Best service ever talk to a couple of solar company but noting like solar topp I love it!!!
Jerry Rittersdorf
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a...
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a question they were always available by phone. You could always talk with the owners of this company. Their installation crew was professional and competent. They paid close attention to detail and I am very please with the neatness of the installation. Solar Topps works closely with APS and our system was up and running within one week of final approval from the city. I recommend Solar Topps without reservation.
Read More
JGT INAZ
After interviewing 3 solar installation services, we selected SolarTopps. We were favorably impressed with their presentation and their responses to our questions. The installation was neat and professional, and the system is operating very effectively.
Thank You for Applying
We have received your application and are in the process of reviewing the submission. Our team is excited to learn more about your qualifications and how they align with the requirements of the role. We will be in touch with further updates regarding the status of your application.
- 30 min
-
Please check your email inbox for meeting link and details.
-
-
- Mountain Standard Time (MST)
Got Questions? Chat With Us. (480) 940-1201
Privacy Overview
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| __cf_bm | 1 hour | This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. |
| AWSALBCORS | 7 days | Amazon Web Services set this cookie for load balancing. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement | 1 year | Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". |
| CookieLawInfoConsent | 1 year | CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. |
| JSESSIONID | session | New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. |
| viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. |
| wpEmojiSettingsSupports | session | WordPress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a WordPress site. It helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| aka_debug | session | Vimeo sets this cookie which is essential for the website to play video functionality. |
| player | 1 year | Vimeo uses this cookie to save the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. |
| pvc_visits[0] | 2 minutes | Posts View Counter set this cookie to ensure accurate view counts on each page. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| AWSALB | 7 days | AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. |
| sync_active | never | This cookie is set by Vimeo and contains data on the visitor's video-content preferences, so that the website remembers parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _ga | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. |
| _ga_* | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. |
| vuid | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.solartopps.com/about-us/

Call or Text Us Today (480) 940-1201
We’ve Produced Enough Power to Offset CO2 Emissions from
14,683,144
Gallons of Gasoline Consumed
5,993,120
Propane Tanks Used for Home BBQs
15,761,905,600
Smartphones Being Charged
0.0333
Coal Power Plants Annually
0.3459
Natural Gas Power Plants Annually
Solar Topps is Arizona’s Solar and Battery Backup Company. As a proudly local, fully integrated solar provider, we don’t just install systems—we build lasting partnerships rooted in trust, expertise, and accountability. Every part of our operation is handled in-house, allowing us to maintain complete control over quality, timelines, and outcomes. Our team is thoroughly trained across every function, ensuring each solar system is designed, installed, and supported with unmatched precision and industry-exceeding standards.
What truly sets Solar Topps apart is our proactive approach. We’ve spent years cultivating strong working relationships with utilities, city permitting offices, and HOAs across Arizona, which allows us to anticipate challenges, eliminate unnecessary delays, and keep projects moving forward smoothly. This behind-the-scenes expertise translates into a more efficient experience for our customers—and fewer surprises along the way.
Equally important is our commitment to the people we serve. From the first conversation to long after your system is energized, our focus is on your experience. We take the time to educate, communicate clearly, and address concerns before they become problems. Our goal is to minimize downtime, maximize performance, and ensure you feel confident and supported at every stage of the solar journey.
At the core of Solar Topps is a relentless customer-first mindset. Whether you’re just beginning to explore solar, navigating an upgrade or expansion, or curious about the latest advancements in solar and battery technology, our team is always accessible and ready to help. With more than a decade of experience serving Arizona homeowners and businesses, we understand the unique demands of our state—and we take pride in delivering solutions built to last.
As your local solar and battery backup partner, we are deeply invested in our community and in every system we install. When you choose Solar Topps, you’re choosing proven expertise, transparent communication, and a company that stands behind its work—before, during, and long after installation. Because to us, you’re not just a customer—you’re our neighbor, and your trust means everything.
Trusted for our proven results, we’re continuously ranked among Arizona’s most reputable solar and battery installers. We provide industry-leading products, installations and service to help maximize savings.
Being family-owned means we answer to our customers—not investors or corporate shareholders. Our decades-long presence in Arizona reflects proven reliability, consistent quality, and true accountability. Unlike national installers that often outsource work or exit markets, Solar Topps is local and established, reducing risk and ensuring long-term support. When you choose us, you gain a trusted solar and battery partner committed to standing behind your system for its entire lifespan.
Being engineering-focused means your system is designed for performance, reliability, and long-term value—not shortcuts. Our in-house engineers carefully evaluate your home, energy usage, and future needs to deliver optimized solar and battery solutions. Unlike many national installers that rely on standardized templates and outsourced design, Solar Topps takes a performance-driven approach to ensure your system produces more, lasts longer, and performs exactly as promised.
Our systems are installed exclusively by highly trained, in-house professionals—never subcontractors. This ensures consistent quality, accountability, and craftsmanship on every project. Unlike national installers that often rely on third-party crews with varying standards, Solar Topps maintains full control over training, safety, and execution, delivering a smoother installation experience and a system you can trust from day one.
We stock our materials locally and maintain in-house service teams so we can respond fast—often dispatching technicians to your home within hours, not days or weeks. This allows us to quickly resolve issues, minimize downtime, and keep your system performing at its best. Unlike national installers that rely on remote scheduling, third-party warehouses, and long service queues, Solar Topps is built for speed, responsiveness, and real-time support when it matters most.
Our proven track record of superior engineering, high-quality installations and
excellent customer service has earned us the highest certifications in the industry.
“We’ve had three different installations done by Solar Topps. Initially, we looked at three different vendors but it was difficult to make comparisons because the estimates laid out differently and the prices varied. But when we met with Solar Topps, they helped us understand the differences and figure out what was important. They were professional, clean, and courteous. This year we received a credit on our energy bills, which has allowed us to spend more money on vacations and art for our home. We’ve had no issues with the installation, and no issues with the operation – it just has worked!”
“We heard from various sources that the reputation of Solar Topps was outstanding. They had our 90-panel system up and running in less than 2 months. Every day it produces a huge amount of power, more than we anticipated. Of course, as the days get longer, it produces more. We can run all of our appliances during the day, and the system produces more than we consume. We look at our energy production on our iPad every day and see how it’s doing. It’s all very exciting! We are so delighted with Solar Topps; their reputation is everything.”
“We’ve had three different installations done by Solar Topps. Initially, we looked at three different vendors but it was difficult to make comparisons because the estimates laid out differently and the prices varied. But when we met with Solar Topps, they helped us understand the differences and figure out what was important. They were professional, clean, and courteous. This year we received a credit on our energy bills, which has allowed us to spend more money on vacations and art for our home. We’ve had no issues with the installation, and no issues with the operation – it just has worked!”
“We had three companies come and give us estimates, but when we came across Solar Topps, they were way more knowledgable, genuine, got straight to the point, and made us feel confident. Any questions we had, we got answers promptly, and had a very good, very positive interaction from the start. They got done sooner than even they expected and coordinated everything with APS. We’ve had no issues at all since our installation in 2011. Before solar, our energy bill was between $7,000 – $8,000 per year. After solar, we pay between $600 – $700 per year. Solar Topps is by far the best choice we could have made.”
“We’ve had three different installations done by Solar Topps. Initially, we looked at three different vendors but it was difficult to make comparisons because the estimates laid out differently and the prices varied. But when we met with Solar Topps, they helped us understand the differences and figure out what was important. They were professional, clean, and courteous. This year we received a credit on our energy bills, which has allowed us to spend more money on vacations and art for our home. We’ve had no issues with the installation, and no issues with the operation – it just has worked!”
“We heard from various sources that the reputation of Solar Topps was outstanding. They had our 90-panel system up and running in less than 2 months. Every day it produces a huge amount of power, more than we anticipated. Of course, as the days get longer, it produces more. We can run all of our appliances during the day, and the system produces more than we consume. We look at our energy production on our iPad every day and see how it’s doing. It’s all very exciting! We are so delighted with Solar Topps; their reputation is everything.”
“We’ve had three different installations done by Solar Topps. Initially, we looked at three different vendors but it was difficult to make comparisons because the estimates laid out differently and the prices varied. But when we met with Solar Topps, they helped us understand the differences and figure out what was important. They were professional, clean, and courteous. This year we received a credit on our energy bills, which has allowed us to spend more money on vacations and art for our home. We’ve had no issues with the installation, and no issues with the operation – it just has worked!”
“We had three companies come and give us estimates, but when we came across Solar Topps, they were way more knowledgable, genuine, got straight to the point, and made us feel confident. Any questions we had, we got answers promptly, and had a very good, very positive interaction from the start. They got done sooner than even they expected and coordinated everything with APS. We’ve had no issues at all since our installation in 2011. Before solar, our energy bill was between $7,000 – $8,000 per year. After solar, we pay between $600 – $700 per year. Solar Topps is by far the best choice we could have made.”
Our team provides clear, transparent, honest answers and pricing to
help you know if getting an energy system installed makes sense.
Very good customer service, took the time to answer all questions and followed up every step of the way. Installers and technicians were so polite and detail oriented
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new...
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new inverter and the system is up and running. Much better system than before with an even better monitoring system and App. Solar Topps employees are very professional and their follow up and communications are great as well. Thank you Solar Topps!!!
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will...
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will definitely recommend them!
Read More
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they...
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they met the timeline they quoted. I am happy with the system performance and I would highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone looking to install a new solar system.
Read More
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time...
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time and they set them all up for us. One Powerwall we got didn't work on activation and the owner was at our house, on the phone with Tesla who authorized a replacement - which was done within 2 hrs of finding out it wasn't working. Nothing but good things to say about them. Definitely recommend.
Read More
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch....
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch. I wholeheartedly recommend them.
Read More
Great communication. Awesome job!
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was...
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was no affect to actual production to the grid or for home use). Called Solar Topps support and they worked with me to verify that the gateway had indeed failed and a repair appointment was made to replace it. Service technician was prompt and very knowledgeable regarding the repair. Overall from contacting support to repair work, I am very pleased that I chose Solar Topps for my system and their commitment to long term service and warranty work. I highly recommend this company for anyone desiring a solar
plant installation for their home or business.
Read More
The Solar Topps team is very knowledgeable, professional and customer service driven. I highly recommend them!
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar....
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar. They are extremely professional and delivered in the anticipated timeframe. Their customer service is great!!
Read More
Solar Topps did a great job designing my system. I've had it for about a month now and I have nothing bad to say about the company, their employees or the product.
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an...
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an issue reaching someone when we had questions and their service was fantastic. They showed up when they said they would and they did what they said they would do. Their field personnel from their electricians, to the panel install crew, to the engineer that came out to answer questions and walk us thru the app were the best. SolarTopps made the entire process painless and I cannot say enough good things about them. They are your choice for solar. Thank you SolarTopps!!!
Read More
Professionals all the way around. Made sure that nothing ever sat around waiting on them. Clean, solid work.
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made...
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made the entire experience seamless. Highly recommend this local company!
Read More
Very attentive, excellent communication.
The team put together a fantastic system for my household. They were friendly, and professional when talking with them. And they provided updates throughout the whole process
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t...
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t think I waited more than an hour for a response to any email or text message I sent during this process over the last three months. I found them by contacting a solar info specialist named Zak Alomari was so knowledgeable and authentic that I felt comfortable with his recommendations from the start. He was the one who recommended Solar Topps and said he wouldn’t recommend anyone else after doing this for many years because they are so far above anyone else, it’s not even close. He was right…all the way. Thank you Zak. The installation team was extremely professional, kind, and neat. The quality of the install was exceptional. I’m very detailed oriented in my personality and my job, and I noticed all the attention to detail the team took in the whole process. When we designed the system, it was clearly laid out, and we talked through several scenarios of how I might want to use it in the future or expand it so we could get it nailed down perfectly. One of the things I noticed, because I like things clean, neat and organized is the laser engraved labels on all of the elements of the electrical boxes. I did not expect this, but it makes the system’s value even higher. If/when we sell our home in the future, this adds even more value to the system. I cannot recommend them highly enough. I pay attention to service because it means a lot to me, and these guys hit it out of the park. Well done and thank you. -John E (Paradise Valley,AZ)
Read More
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly...
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly communicated each step of the way and set clear expectations on timelines.
Never realized what a complex space getting solar is. The actual install itself took 3 days (battery, conduit, electrical panel upgrade and solar panels) but the permitting, inspections and approvals were the long haul which took around 90 days - again, I didn't have to do anything. Solar Topps took care of the whole experience.
Thanks to Mark, Jesus and the installer team, Raj and Nitish for excellent communication and workmanship.
If you're curious about solar, my recommendation would be go as big as you can with your budget in terms of panel array and definitely consider a Powerwall. Given our past APS bills, our current system will pay for itself in 6 years. Thanks again Solar Topps!
Read More
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their...
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their efforts!
Read More
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I...
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I would have encountered Solar Topps when I installed the solar system because their customer service is just simply outstanding!
Read More
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar...
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar Topps came out and did the repair and charged me zero dollars.
Read More
It was excellent working with SolarTopps. The communication was frequent, timely, and clear throughout the process. The technicians arrived on time and communicated each step of the way. I’m extremely satisfied with their work.
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running...
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running smoothly and efficiently. It was a smart purchase.
Read More
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually...
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually called me to go over the Tesla app and make sure everything was dialed in. We highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone interested in getting solar.
Read More
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very...
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very pleased with Solar Topps and would highly recommend the company to anyone who values honesty, great customer service and good workmanship.
Read More
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything...
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything went smoothly from start to finish, and the system has been running perfectly. It’s rare to find a company this professional and dependable these days. Highly recommend them to anyone thinking about getting solar!
Read More
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were...
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were never here. Worth giving them your Solar needs project.
Read More
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from...
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from different companies. Solar Topps wasn't the cheapest, but it was truly one of the few that was local to the valley. This was important to have a local company involved and not a company that is nationwide using a contractor. One thing I learned fast is that ALL Solar Topps employees live here in the valley. Solar Topps turned out to be the best. Very organized and helpful. Also, Solar Topps designed the best system they could using APS bills. But really, they need more information to dial the system in to your usage. So do your homework and stop blaming them because you didnt give them all the pcs of the puzzle.
Also, when you're new to Solar, the customer has to define their goals to help them. I thought I knew what my goals were. I later learned my goal has changed. I started with a 50-panel 20Kwh system with 1 Powerwall 3 whole-home backup battery. I thought I would never have to buy power from APS again. It wasn't till I started going day by day at my usage and pulling my after-hours, meaning no solar production to see just how many batteries I really need to achieve this. Most people don't know this data.
This process can take longer than expected. Everything that I encountered with delays had nothing to do with them. But I blamed them in the moment. They listened and never got upset with me.
In the end, I was happy with the system they designed based on the info I gave them. After installing, my goals started changing, and I dug deep into usage. Put an energy monitor in my main panel on every circuit to see what uses what in the house. I then changed what I could to lower the usage.
I now have added 2 more Tesla Powerwall expansion batteries. I use zero power from APS and sell them nearly 4 bucks a day in power. It's nice to get paid by them and not pay them. Also, they can raise the rates all they want.t I don't use their power anymore.
Thanks, Niel, Sean, Robby, Summy, Mike, Gaurav
I have turned into a total solar geek. Thanks Solar Topps!!!!
Read More
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would...
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would not bring up my wifi. I told him I would figure it out later. He said he would check back with me to make sure I got connected. A few days later the same guy called back and got me up and running. I'm so greatful for his knowledge and patience.
Read More
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but...
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but also on quality of products.
Read More
Fixed problem quickly.
They help me with the connection issue I had and everything worked out great. Thanks for being so helpful and thanks for doing it quickly and considerably. Great job.
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and...
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and gave me great customer service. I am super happy with solar tops and would recommend them to anyone who has any type of solar needs.
Read More
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less...
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less than one day and everything was done flawless.
Read More
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and...
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and called, texted, and emailed me with each step of the process. I highly recommend SolarTopps for anyone interested in a solar energy system.
Read More
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my...
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my first two APS bills for May and June with an electric vehicle charging in a 2100 sq ft. Home for $31 and $28. They answered all my calls and followed thru with all plans. I would recommend to all my family and friends and in fact I have. Thanks again! I did my homework and it paid off.
Read More
Great company! I've had Solar Topps systems on two separate homes and have had great experiences with both. Any issue I've had has been promptly identified and addressed by them. Would highly recommend.
The customer support at Solar Topps is top notch. They helped me by walking through the process to reset my system and continued to monitor my unit until it was fixed. They are very responsive to any request for assistance.
Sean is very engaging, great customer service, answering questions and trying to help make the best choice wether it is with them or not he still wants to make sure your fully informed.
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to...
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to work with, and follow through with what they say they are going to do. Highly recommended.
Read More
It was great working with solartopps. Solar Topps did an incredible job with our solar installation! Their team was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient from start to finish. The process was seamless, with clear communication.
customer service is fantastic.........GAURAV is an excellent empoyee. helped me to restore my solar pannel production working on timely and efficient with profassinal manner
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be...
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be around for us whenever we would need them.
Read More
Had inverter replaced, great service.
Solar Topps did a great job with their proposal, which was very competitive. They worked hard getting our solar installed and up and running. Highly recommend this company.
Great service, this company stands behind their product and service is terrific. I would recommend Solar Topps for anyone considering going solar.
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery...
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery had a problem due to an error on my side and they contacted me within the same day to let me know the system was off, although I was able to restore power myself they still sent a technician out to check my system and make sure everything was ok. This company is great and goes above and beyond for their customers!
Read More
Great communication through the process. Team was neat, clean and efficient without any inconvenience. Final connection set up by Neal was thorough and timely.
Excellent customer service. Answered all of my questions, worked with me to set up the Enlighten monitoring solar production app and explained everything simply for me without “jargon”
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many...
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many panels needed, gave me different pricing options and were super patient with all my questions. I did a lot of research on Solar Companies and these guys were the only ones that didn't seem like slime balls just trying to make a sale. If you are looking for Solar you can't go wrong with these guys!
Read More
Outstanding service by team SolarTopps. Great work ethics and focus on client’s needs. I wish great success for this company! I loved the professionalism of Gaurav. 5* (5 star) performer!!
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There...
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There were many steps and everyone at Solar Topps was professional and customer oriented. Special recognition to Zak, my sales rep, John, the electrician who installed the panel upgrade and inverter, and Alex (I hope I remembered that right) and another tech who did the rooftop panel installation. They were fast, efficient, did a clean, attractive job and communicated well.
Read More
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking...
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking forward to reduced costs in electricity and having electricity when any issues come up with the grid.
Read More
Great customer service!
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of...
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of the system! He was very personable very knowledgeable and I appreciate his outstanding customer service! I highly recommend solar tops and I'm not an easy one to convince on anything...
Read More
Solar Topps is fantastic! Everything from the initial install to to follow up questions. This is a top notch company with first class customer support.
This company has not only great customer service but the materials used for the solar equipment is the best. There workmanship was great no complaints whatsoever
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect....
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect. I highly recommend Solar Topps. This is the second time I have had a solar installation and the first time was through a company through Costco and hands-down Solar Topps is a way better company with a lot better customer service. They did not cut corners or sell me cheap equipment. I’m extremely happy with the product they gave me.
Read More
Solar Topps was amazing and very responsive. They kept me updated throughout the entire process. Definitely recommend this Solar company since they are local and have been in the industry for a long time.
Extremely helpful every step of the way. To the salesman to the installers to the technicians who turned on the system.
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also...
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also have an EV that would need to be charged. Solar Topps was able to take our input of what we wanted (100% offset of electricity) and our general life style to come up with a system size to meet our needs. They even suggested that we not put all of the solar panels on the south facing roof but rather put some on our west facing roof to take advantage of the late afternoon sun to help in the summer months when TEP rate is the highest. They worked with us on every step of the process from permitting though final “Permission To Operate” (PTO) from TEP electric company. They had a very completive bid and completed the project in a reasonable time frame. We would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone that was interest in getting solar installed on their home.
Read More
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar...
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar companies are hit and run with sales people; SolarTopps is real.
Read More
Technician’s were great, staff provided updates in a timely manner
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps...
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps facility and took the time to explain every detail of their operations.
What stood out the most was their commitment to excellence. Every part of their business, from the equipment they use to their carefully thought-out practices, reflects their dedication to the highest standards. Robby’s in-depth explanations about how their processes benefit customers gave me complete confidence in their expertise and integrity.
If you’re considering solar in Phoenix, Solar Topps is the clear choice. They combine cutting edge technology with meticulous attention to detail and exceptional customer service. I wouldn’t trust or recommend anyone else!
Read More
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout...
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout the process. Overall, a great experience with Solar Topps; they definitely know their business!
Read More
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If...
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If you are in Arizona, don’t sub your work to an out of State group. These folks, sales, design, install and support are all employed by Solar Topps in Phoenix, AZ. No sub contractors. I’m very happy with the whole process. Watching my meter spin backwards as we speak!
Read More
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality...
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality of work has been outstanding, and they have shown up as scheduled.. All workers have been courteous and respectful, and responses to questions/issues timely.
In a world full of scammers and less than ethical fly-by- night outfits, Solar Topps has been board and ethical. I would recommend to friends.
Read More
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality,...
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality, professional installation of the additional panels. I am retired from an aviation maintenance / quality control career, so I expect quality when I higher a company for service and am very disappointed when hack preforms sub par workmanship. I have no hesitation recommending Solar Topps for your solar installation or upgrade. They are the best!
Read More
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the...
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the panels instead of getting locked into some weird lease system. Fortunately, I knew Mark Greene through work and asked his advice. He works with Solar Topps and was able to sit down with my family and clearly explain the pros and cons of different options, and give us a detailed picture of what we could expect. We decided it was a good move for us and signed up.
Once the process began, it went pretty much exactly as Mark described. The installers were very professional and efficient. They work directly for the company (not subcontractors) so the communication was quick and easy and their truck was clearly labeled Solar Topps. They left the work area clean when they were done and the black on black solar panels look very nice and modern.
The regulation process through the City of Phoenix and APS was definitely slow but at least proceeded smoothly. Solar Topps kept us informed of next steps and what to expect for a general timeline. So that part was as painless as possible.
Now that the system is turned on and running we are very satisfied with the results. The Tesla app makes everything about your power use and generation very clear. When nothing is turned on you can see the baseline power your house uses, and the when the heater or airconditioning turns on you can see the use jump up, which is informative. Also you can easily see how much power use was solar, battery, and grid along with a cost savings estimate.
So over all, I would highly recommend talking to Mark to get a good idea of what your different options are, and I would trust Solar Topps to give you a clean and efficient install and setup. Just keep in mind that your city and APS/SRP are going to take a while to inspect and approve everything. After that, enjoy making your own power, saving money and being secure from blackouts.
Read More
professional and helpful. I highly recommend this company
Great people to work with
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them...
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them for your solar.
Read More
excellent post-install care and support
Excellent support removing then replacing my solar as I had my roof redone. Very professional, on-time, cleaned up and answered all my questions.
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for...
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for our home. From the beginning in talking to our salesman, Sean, his communication was outstanding, answering our every question, even on weekends. Solar Topps worked with us in delaying our install, so it was convenient for us. The install of our adapted power box and solar panels was well done and organized. All of the workers from electricians to installers were all professional and friendly, and all made it a very pleasant experience for us. We look forward to the savings we will receive by going solar.
Read More
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the...
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the heat of 110. They even upgraded our monitor. Beyond happy with this company.
10-18-24:Great service once again, we had Microinverters installed and everything was fantastic. A month or so later one of our panels stopped charging but ST came over quickly and repaired the connector and our system works again perfectly. Mark was technician, worked like the pro he is. Hannah Cooper handled scheduling and communication with the expertise and grace of a professional customer service representative. We love ST and recommend them people who want a good ,secure,reliable company taking care of them.
Read More
Great customer service.
Experienced disruptions with solar communications. After several unsuccesful attempts to self-correct I called Solar Topps, the installer. Mike and his boss came, diagnosed problem and promptly corrected it. Covered by warranty. Should have called sooner.
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all...
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all of my questions and made me feel very comfortable about my decision to go with solar. I would recommend this company to anyone thinking about solar.
Read More
Solar Topps is a Great Solar Company. They are very prompt to answer any questions or service needed. I am very happy with my choice for Solar Topps.
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me...
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me navigate a difficult situation. Solar Topps was great with communication in terms of when the crew would be there to do the work. On the day of, the crew was prompt and extremely courteous, and always kept me informed about their progress. The job needed to be spanned out over a couple of days but I didn't mind because I knew it was being done right, no corners cut.
I needed to have my panels removed because of a roof leak situation that turned out not to be the fault of Solar Topps. Michael came to my property numerous times and even coordinated with my roofing company to help identify the source of the problem. Nobody wants to deal with a situation like this but Michael was extremely knowledgable and came to the site with a ton of experience (and patience!) to do whatever he could to help set things right. He thoroughly inspected the site at each critical step of the fixing process and always took the time to make sure I felt comfortable with the plan of action. He gave me great advice backed by years of experience, and like I said, he was on site (probably more than usual - which is why I say he went above and beyond) to make sure all was well. It has yet to rain again to make sure the reroofing (done by my roofing company) fixed the issue, but I feel confident in everything that Michael and the Solar Topps install team did for my particular situation.
I wouldn't wish a roof leak situation on anyone, it can get expensive fast and is very stressful... but I will say that Solar Topps treated me and the situation (which was lengthy and complex) well. I was always able to get ahold of someone and service was prompt. I've talked with a lot of solar companies and would still very highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in getting solar (just make sure your roof is SOLID before you put panels on!)
Read More
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my...
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my Panels was generating), so he ask me if I mind if he could disconnect so he could do some research, he called back promptly as he promised. Aneal walked me through everything that I need to do to understand how to log on the Solar Edge support site and monitor the output of my Panels. I had been at this for about a week and was about ready to give up. Thank you Aneal. I really appreciated you help.
Read More
Service is always fast and friendly.
Top class experience. Some of the micro inverters were not reporting and I left a message after hours. Got a call within an hour with resolution. Great customer oriented dedicated management and team. Highly recommend them!! Thanks Solar Topps team.
I called Solar Topps at 2:00 when I noticed my system was down and they came out quickly and it was back on before 5:00. Great job!!
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the...
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the issue. She was polite, patient and thorough. Solar Topps customer service is excellent.
Read More
Got my system up and running again.
Incredible service, great prices, super professional!
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create...
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create the final highly professional proposal, to hand holding all the way through the actual installation of the system, we have been impressed. Solar Topps is clearly a solid, honest, and very dependable resource in their category and, all things considered, we believe we received tremendous value from our transaction. We wholeheartedly recommend them to others.
Read More
System went down and received a quick response.
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great...
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great job and were the best price on the market! Would highly recommend. I’ve had my panels for 6 months now and it’s been fantastic!! May was our best month yet, our bill was $2 for a 2600 sq ft home.
Read More
Excellent staff. Was kept well informed of every step in the process.
The service technician did a great job correcting the problem.
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out...
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out to be an issue with the builder of my home not properly tightening the main service line to my service panel. In troubleshooting Solar Topps resolved the issue for me!
Read More
Had an issue with our solar and team was timely in helping get a resolution. When working with manager, he was receptive to feedback and worked to ensure all concerns were resolved.
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from...
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from start to finish to make sure our solar production loss was cut to a minimum. All work was done as promised!
Read More
Mark arrived on time and completed the service quickly. He addressed all my questions and helped me understand the nature of the problem and the fix. Thank you Mark and thanks Solar Topps for a quick response to my concern.
Excellent service. Had an issue with Solar Inverter registration with Tesla, resolved quickly and made sure that App is reflecting with the changes. Now I can see inverter in App and track the data. Thanks
Great company and I love my solar system.The sales representative was very professional and the construction crew did great work.
All around great company. Price service and the best part is the 25 year production guarantee.
Great solar company. Would recommend !
Great company. Good work, clean install, money saved!
Smooth and easy process, great company
Great company, loved working with them!
Seamless process, and easy to work with! Great team
Great company.
Best company I had come give a quote, worked with me and my timeline! Great sales man, not pushy at all!
Great customer service. I had a problem with my solar panels, and they came out the next day to fix them. Very professional and great service.
Solar Topps is always willing to help with any problem with a prompt resolution. Thanks Sashi
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing...
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing ever since!!! Highly recommended!
Read More
Good Solar company; quick customer care resolution team and friendly; definitely would recommend them to everyone
Installed last year. Very Professional, good service after install. Had some panel issues but pretty responsive and fixed those all in the next day or two. Highly recommended !
Solar Topps resolved a roof leak, one day after my very concerned phone call. Very satisfied, very reassuring. Thank you.
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting...
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting phase of the process. All worked out good!! 👍🏻
Read More
Extremely knowledgable, very patient and fixed my problem.... thank you so much for your help
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was...
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was impressed because it was a holiday weekend right before Christmas.
Read More
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated...
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated to us. Very happy that we went with Solar Topps.
Read More
Great service and very informative about the process
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not...
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not tech savvy so he helped me step by step! Thank you!
Read More
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of...
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of the installation process. They customized a solution that perfectly met my needs and budget, and I never felt pressured to make a decision.
The installation crew was professional and efficient. They arrived on time and worked diligently to install my solar system. The quality of their work was exceptional, and they paid attention to every detail to ensure a seamless integration with my roof. I was impressed by their expertise and dedication to delivering a top-notch installation.
Activating the system was a breeze, thanks to Solar Topps' guidance. They provided clear instructions and support throughout the process, making sure I understood how to monitor and maintain my solar system.
One of the reasons I chose Solar Topps was their use of top-quality panels. They offered a range of options, and I was able to select panels that suited my needs and budget. Knowing that I have high-quality panels installed gives me peace of mind about the long-term performance of my solar system.
To top it all off, Solar Topps offered the best price in Phoenix. I did my research and compared quotes from several companies, and Solar Topps came out on top in terms of value for money. I couldn't be happier with my decision to go solar with Solar Topps. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a reliable, professional, and cost-effective solar solution!
Read More
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and...
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and running! They were easy to work with and they handle all the little details with permits, the power company and our HOA. All I had to do was write 3 checks (almost painless).
Read More
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar...
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar Revolution!!!!
Read More
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this...
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this company. Thank you!
Read More
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free...
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free from your electric company and all their added fees, GO SOLAR! Also the Fed. is willing to pay for a hefty portion of your solar install, let Solar Topps come by your home and explain it all.
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process,...
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process, including city and APS inspections, took less time than estimated. I would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in installing solar panels.
Read More
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager,...
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager, Nolan, stayed in close contact and communicated above and beyond what we expected. Solar Topps completed the project ahead of schedule. Scot completed the very final steps efficiently and went beyond what we expected. We can’t say enough positive things about our experience.
Read More
Solar Topps replaced one of my panels that had been hit by a golf ball. They were very friendly and efficient
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We...
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We wanted to put the electric bill to rest. There are so many companies out there, selling solar. They use a line like “ we can save you money”. We didn’t want to just save money, we wanted our bill eliminated.
5 years later, we pay a few dollars in taxes on the bill, and get money back at end of the year. I feel bad for people that fall for the solar lease. We have a Pre-paid lease… which means we own our system, but they do any maintenance for 20 years. It is the best of both worlds. No monthly bills. No monthly lease to pay, no maintenance…The system paid for itself in less the 5 years
Read More
Solar Topps is absolutely Topps in the field. They are very helpful, efficient, and they know what they are doing. I am so grateful for all that was done for me to make this dream of mine come true!
Installed a 10KW system at our home in Mohave Valley, AZ. System performing at/above expectations. Install was done well, and installers were courteous and professional. Highly recommend.
Arnav was very helpful when I called. Thank you, Arnav.
Arnav (support) and Sean O'Brien (sales) are always fast in responding to all my questions. Solar panels come with a lot of new information and Solar Topps makes sure I am satisfied every time I call.
Solar Topps was SO awesome on the installation and continues to be OUTSTANDING in any customer service inquiry I have. I give them 5 stars for their follow-up and follow-thru. Thank you Solar Topps!
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!!...
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!! 10/10 recommend.
Read More
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams...
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams were also very good, hard working and from a customers’ perspective, informative and friendly. I was very pleased with the entire process and would recommend Solar Topps to anyone!
Read More
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure...
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure to follow up to insure all was corrected. Thank you so much, SolarTopps for all your great work!
Read More
Solar Topps is a great company to buy solar from. They have great pricing, many financing options, skilled staff, and provide excellent ongoing support. Would highly recommend.
They replaced an out of warranty inverter with a new one promptly and connected to my mySolar phone App also. Tech knew what was needed to be done. Excellent company.
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house...
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house have been courteous and very capable. Not one surprise. If a tech is going to be late they call you and let you know so you aren't left waiting. We went with a different solar company also on Energy Sage and cancelled our contract 10 days into it because we weren't getting called back, we were left hanging when techs didn't show up and they were using subcontractors. Really good decision to bail on that company and go with Solar Topps. A very low stress experience from beginning to end.
Read More
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the...
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the workers cracked a couple tiles on the roof which can happen when doing major roof work. But they had a quality inspector check everything and informed me about the broken tiles and they sent out a guy to replace them. This is nice because I have heard of other solar companies not advice that they broke some tiles. Originally they did not have the correct tiles and instead did a repair on the cracked ones while they looked for tiles that would replace them. Ended up coming out 3 times until they got a set of tiles that fit properly and they replaced them with no charge at all.
Only other issue i had was the central computer that reports system outputs not working but they also came out and replaced that no issues at all.
Overall very friendly and responsive support so far and I fully expect it will continue if I ever need to contact them again.
Read More
I love working with Solar Topps. They really care about there customers.
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps,...
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps, the firm that installed the solar back in 2017, to ask them to diagnose the problem. Shortly after one of their technicians scheduled an appointment to do a field inspection that disclosed burn marks on the two panel. A warranty application was promptly prepared by Solar Topps and forwarded to Hyundai, the panel manufacturer in Korea for approval. After prompt and persistent follow by Solar Topps an approval was granted. Two new panels were installed on my roof within 30 days of discovering the problem at no expense to me. I'm very grateful to the staff and management of Solar Topps for the hassle-free follow through and the standing behind of their warranty obligations......Tom Snyder
Read More
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always...
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always quickly followed up with any of my concerns. I was very happy to be working with them when one of my inverters needed to be replaced. Bradley and Mark were also two of the best technicians- very kind and knowledgeable! Thank you!
Read More
Couldn’t have asked for better customer service. I was kept informed every step of the way and any questions I had were quickly answer to my satisfaction. They took care of everything!
Neal reached out and assisted in resolving my issue after hours on a Sunday evening. Thank you.
Solar Topps installed our system three years ago. They were very responsive throughout the process leading up to activation. Their after installation support is professional and competent in addressing in issues with production. I recommend Solar Topps
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very...
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very well communicated and went very smooth. A couple minor things at the end of the install, that they mitigated pretty quickly. Overall would completely recommend.
Read More
They helped me out on their day off to help resolve my issue! Great customer service
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a...
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a couple EV chargers and a roof allowance to the financing, which was a great help. Thanks for making it all work. Thanks again!
Read More
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier...
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier to understand every step involved in the installation of the solar panels. Nolan, Tony, Neal, sangram, Harshad, and the installation crew were fantastic in keeping me informed during each step of the process. Whenever I had a question, I received an answer the same day. I really appreciate the work involved by every one from start to finish to make the completion of the project so quick, especially since I live in Tucson. I won't hesitate to refer them to my friends!
Read More
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan...
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan were and continue to be extremely helpful in every aspect.
Solar Topps is a Top Notch Professional Business. I am extremely happy and glad that I decided to go with them as my Solar System Installer.
Read More
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and...
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and would, instead, have a company travel from Tucson to Cave Creek.
We contacted a few local companies and also used Energy Sage online to get some quotes. Two responses from Energy Sage included Solar Topps and we're glad they did.
Solar Topps gave us a price equal to the lowest national quote and the hardware was better (Panasonic panels versus something else) and good Enphase electronics. They were also a couple thousand dollars less than another local company we had install our solar hot water heater system.
We had a signed contract with Solar Topps dated March 9 and our system was turned on and working April 12.
That, to us, is an incredibly fast turnaround for a good sized solar panel system. We had been prepared by other companies for a 90 day period of time start to finish, so to have it done in a few days more than A MONTH was a very pleasant surprise.
We didn't have to do ANY of the paperwork with Maricopa County or APS, Solar Topps took care of all of it in a painless fashion.
Solar Topps was a pleasure to work with every step of the way. Any questions were answered via phone or email VERY promptly and correctly.
An example:
Our system has panels oriented south and west. Solar Topps was the only company to come up with this option to maximize the efficiency of our system to take advantage of the peak power rates of APS by having some panels installed to maximize the efficiency of the total system in the afternoon when the sun is lower in the west. See the attached real-time report from our panels and an early billing report from APS where our first few days with the system running has APS paying US instead of vice-versa. (to be fair, the weather has been easy and the A/C hasn't been running, but... still that's pretty cool)
If you are thinking of solar and you're in the Phoenix metro area (or elsewhere, even), you should definitely give SERIOUS consideration to using local company around for a long time Solar Topps.
Seriously, DO IT!
Read More
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly...
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly and attentitivley. i have overall confidence in the product i purchaced and am happy with my new solar system. i definitley reccomend Solar Topps for cusomer service and thouroughness.
Read More
great response on issues and prompt fix thank you
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update....
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update. The estimated savings function is not available and it works very well!
Read More
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from...
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from beginning to end.
Highly recommend anyone looking at adding solar to their home to contact Solar Topps
Read More
Quick, efficient, professional. Very responsive to deal with unexpected issues.
I'm very impressed with the work that went into the design, permit and inspections. I have had it since 2015 and don't regret the decision I made.
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of...
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of contract to when panels would go "live". The company met the timeline. A few times since Sept. 2014 the software to monitor production was lost. On each occasion one phone call was made and a tech was out and I was able to again look on my laptop and see what my panels were producing. A neighbor of mine went with a competitor two weeks after I signed. I was live in Sept. 2014 and he was live in Jan. 15! I have no problem in referring people to Solar Topps. We received three bids and Solar Topps was the best price, we are very happy we went with them and have referred them to friends.
Read More
Absolutely no problems with huge electric bill savings.
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to...
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to change. After speaking to others in our community, attending seminars and crunching numbers, we felt solar panels was the way to go and Solar Topps offered us the best plan for our needs. I figured our breakeven point would be 8 plus years. We have had our solar panels for 6 years and next year they will have paid for themselves. The panels have been so maintenance free we tend to forget about them. If asked about it, I tell people I'm happy we went solar and would do it again.
Read More
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take...
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take care of me in no time. Looking forward for their new venture in solar so i can go for our new home.
Read More
Glad I chose Solar Topps. Would be so again.
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever...
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever made. I highly recommend them.
Read More
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from...
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from my perspective, the installation company was important but the components were more important. It is my opinion that Solar Topps uses only the best components.
Also, I wanted to own my system and get the federal tax credits. I did and with my reduced cost of installation, I calculate my investment will be returned in savings in between five and six years. All components are warranted at least 20 years. Having been a business owner before my retirement, that is an OK deal.
Leasing my system and making monthly payments instead of paying the utility company directly did/does not comply with my preferences.
The actual installation was very well done. It looks good and is strong. It has survived several wind storms, including the recent micro burst that took down hundreds of trees in our area and took down three large trees within 50 yards of my home. Damage to my solar system was zero.
Further, i receive monthly energy production reports that allow me to monitor my usage and savings on an ongoing basis. My energy production is actually better than our estimates were at the time of installation.
I am pleased with every aspect of the work Solar Topps did for us.
Read More
Excellent service in every way. Highly recommend Solar Tops.
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to...
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to my neighbors.
Read More
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! ...
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! This is absolutely the best customer service experience we have had out of all of the local companies that we have dealt with. We highly recommend Solar Topps.
Read More
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive,...
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive, Their sales rep. (Tony) took the time to walk me through the proposal, but was also extremely responsive through the full experience. Nearly every follow question I had was answered the same day. Even when there was an issue with the initial plan that was submitted to SRP, they quickly offered alternate options that still met my needs.
The installation was seamless, and even though we were near the end of the year, they managed to get everything done and turn on before the 2020 tax incentives expired. The system has been turned on for two months now and everything is performing as expected.
The only area of improvement I could suggest is that during the quoting process, it was not clear that they would not be installing a demand load management system (which is fairly standard) and the connections to see my house's power consumption/demand from the grid. Not a huge deal, but a little more clarity there would have been helpful, but would not have changed my mind in selecting them.
Overall I am extremely pleased with the system so far and have not had any surprises in my bills from SRP.
Read More
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to...
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to have our system up and running as quickly as we could. Joan and her team had our system turned on within 2.5 months. We were so impressed by this, especially considering all of the shut downs that were impacting our permitting and inspection timelines. But they made it happen! We are so happy to finally have our system running and helping us save money, especially when every bit counts. We will be recommending this company to all of our friends and neighbors that are considering going solar.
Read More
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the...
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the panels did everything he said it would do
Of
Read More
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up...
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up and were very respectful. We have been working with Solar Topps for several months as they went through the process of permits, electrical installation then the solar panels. We are looking forward to the rebate the Government will return. We should be up and running in 2 weeks after inspection and meter install. We recommend this reputable company.
Read More
EXcellent company. Excellent professional service. Strongly recommended.
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario...
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario showed up at the scheduled appointment. He and his crew were very professional and did a fantastic job. Thank you Solar Topps!
Read More
Had solar tops for 3 years love them
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was...
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was not affected still they followed up very professionally. Excellent Solar company.
Read More
Great company, excellent customer service!
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with...
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with his presentation and layout along with his explanation in regards to solar panels and there differences. He wasn't trying to push high-end panels down my throat like some other companies, I had already done all my own research in regards economy,standard and premium panel options. I went with the standard/economy blended panel option as i like to call it, signed my contract and left the rest up to solartopps. The process and installation took a while,longer then expected actually. I never complained,never bothered the company during this entire process I just let them do there thing. In the end they did me a solid, upgraded my panels to premium at no extra costs to me. They didn't have to do that,in fact most companies wouldn't even bother to offer it. In my personal opinion that's what separates a good company from a great company! Having said all that, can't forget about the installation crew! Splendid work boys! From the installation of panels and wiring of the box very clean, nicely done! Customer service department you ask? Excellent! I was updated via email thru the entire process,informed about each step was nice! Thank you all, I am very appreciative of all your efforts and for the upgraded panels.
Read More
Best service ever talk to a couple of solar company but noting like solar topp I love it!!!
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a...
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a question they were always available by phone. You could always talk with the owners of this company. Their installation crew was professional and competent. They paid close attention to detail and I am very please with the neatness of the installation. Solar Topps works closely with APS and our system was up and running within one week of final approval from the city. I recommend Solar Topps without reservation.
Read More
After interviewing 3 solar installation services, we selected SolarTopps. We were favorably impressed with their presentation and their responses to our questions. The installation was neat and professional, and the system is operating very effectively.
We have received your application and are in the process of reviewing the submission. Our team is excited to learn more about your qualifications and how they align with the requirements of the role. We will be in touch with further updates regarding the status of your application.
Please check your email inbox for meeting link and details.
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| __cf_bm | 1 hour | This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. |
| AWSALBCORS | 7 days | Amazon Web Services set this cookie for load balancing. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement | 1 year | Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". |
| CookieLawInfoConsent | 1 year | CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. |
| JSESSIONID | session | New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. |
| viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. |
| wpEmojiSettingsSupports | session | WordPress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a WordPress site. It helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| aka_debug | session | Vimeo sets this cookie which is essential for the website to play video functionality. |
| player | 1 year | Vimeo uses this cookie to save the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. |
| pvc_visits[0] | 2 minutes | Posts View Counter set this cookie to ensure accurate view counts on each page. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| AWSALB | 7 days | AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. |
| sync_active | never | This cookie is set by Vimeo and contains data on the visitor's video-content preferences, so that the website remembers parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _ga | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. |
| _ga_* | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. |
| vuid | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.solartopps.com/projects/

Call or Text Us Today (480) 940-1201
We have received your application and are in the process of reviewing the submission. Our team is excited to learn more about your qualifications and how they align with the requirements of the role. We will be in touch with further updates regarding the status of your application.
Please check your email inbox for meeting link and details.
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| __cf_bm | 1 hour | This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. |
| AWSALBCORS | 7 days | Amazon Web Services set this cookie for load balancing. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement | 1 year | Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". |
| CookieLawInfoConsent | 1 year | CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. |
| JSESSIONID | session | New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. |
| viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. |
| wpEmojiSettingsSupports | session | WordPress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a WordPress site. It helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| aka_debug | session | Vimeo sets this cookie which is essential for the website to play video functionality. |
| player | 1 year | Vimeo uses this cookie to save the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. |
| pvc_visits[0] | 2 minutes | Posts View Counter set this cookie to ensure accurate view counts on each page. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| AWSALB | 7 days | AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. |
| sync_active | never | This cookie is set by Vimeo and contains data on the visitor's video-content preferences, so that the website remembers parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _ga | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. |
| _ga_* | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. |
| vuid | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solartopps.com/referral/

Call or Text Us Today (480) 940-1201
Solar Topps is for everyone, whether or not you’re a customer of ours. When you refer anyone of your friends, family or even a business, you will be able to earn exclusive rewards for helping us spread the power! As long as they are a new customer looking to install a new solar panel system on their home or business, they qualify!
For Residential*
For Businesses*
*See Terms and Conditions for Details on solar referral program
The process is as easy as turning on the lights. Once a referral is made, our team reaches out to see if going solar makes sense for them. If it does and they choose Solar Topps, then you’ll receive your reward the moment their system is officially turned on!
Refer family, friends, colleagues, or even businesses to consider going solar with Solar Topps!
If going solar makes sense for them and they choose Solar Topps, we get started on their project.
In a few short weeks, we work to get their system activated so they can begin generating clean energy.
Once their system is turned on and all documentation has been finalized, we will send a check directly to you!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.solartopps.com/new-install/residential/

Call or Text Us Today (480) 940-1201
We’ve Produced Enough Power to Offset CO2 Emissions from
14,683,144
Gallons of Gasoline Consumed
5,993,120
Propane Tanks Used for Home BBQs
15,761,905,600
Smartphones Being Charged
0.0333
Coal Power Plants Annually
0.3459
Natural Gas Power Plants Annually
With industry-leading performance and real-time tracking technology, solar puts you in full control of how, when, and where your energy is used. Monitor your production and consumption from your phone, optimize usage during peak hours, and make smarter decisions that directly lower your monthly costs. Instead of relying on a utility company to manage your power, you gain visibility and control over your home’s energy ecosystem—helping you waste less, save more, and maximize the value of every kilowatt your system produces.
Extreme weather events, grid failures, and rolling blackouts are becoming more common—but your home doesn’t have to be vulnerable. With solar (and optional battery backup), your family can keep essential systems running even when the grid goes down: Lights stay on; Refrigeration stays cold; Wi-Fi stays connected. That peace of mind is priceless—especially when your neighbors are left in the dark. Solar gives you confidence that your home is prepared, resilient, and protected no matter what’s happening outside.
Why keep renting power from the utility company at ever-increasing rates? Solar allows you to produce the same energy they provide—but at a fraction of the cost. Homeowners can reduce their electric bills by up to 80% or more, while locking in predictable energy costs for decades. Instead of being exposed to inflation, fuel price spikes, and rate hikes, your monthly energy expense becomes stable and controllable.
Solar doesn’t just save money—it adds value. In most cases, homes with solar sell faster and attract more buyers, as energy-efficient, lower-cost homes are increasingly in demand. Buyers recognize the long-term savings and sustainability benefits, making solar a powerful differentiator in today’s real estate market. Whether you plan to stay for years or sell down the road, solar helps position your home as a modern, forward-thinking investment.
Saved on Utility Bills
Customer Support
We provide industry-leading coverage so that your home and system
are protected when you need it most—no surprises, no stress.
At Solar Topps, we specialize in residential energy energy solutions that help homeowners lower electricity bills, increase energy independence, and protect their homes from rising utility rates and power outages. Whether you’re ready for a new home solar installation, expanding an existing residential solar system, or adding a solar battery backup for uninterrupted power, we design the ideal solution for your home’s specific needs.
Unlike many solar companies that outsource key steps, Solar Topps handles all design, engineering, installation, and support in-house. This means you get faster project completion, higher-quality workmanship, and a system that’s built to perform efficiently in Arizona’s demanding climate. Our end-to-end in-house approach allows us to create high-performance solar and battery systems that deliver long-term reliability, maximum savings, and a stronger return on investment. No generic, one-size-fits-all packages—only custom solar solutions built for your home.
If you’re searching for a trusted residential solar company in Arizona, Solar Topps delivers future-ready home energy systems backed by experts who support you at every step.
Our proven track record of superior engineering, high-quality installations and
excellent customer service has earned us the highest certifications in the industry.
Since 2009, Arizona homeowners have trusted Solar Topps as a leader in residential solar installations. From day one, we have maintained our North American Board of Certified Energy Practitioners (NABCEP) certification—setting the standard for ethical design, engineering, and installation. What truly sets us apart is our commitment to honesty: if solar isn’t the right solution for your home, usage, or budget, we’ll tell you. We believe long-term trust matters more than a quick sale. That integrity is why we’re recognized as a Salt River Project (SRP) Preferred Solar Installer and an Arizona Public Service (APS) Qualified Technology Installer.
That same trust extends to the industry’s most respected manufacturers. Solar Topps is a Tesla Powerwall Certified Installer, Enphase Gold Installer, REC Certified Solar Professional Installer, and **Panasonic Elite Installer—credentials reserved for companies that consistently deliver exceptional quality and customer satisfaction. With a fully stocked local warehouse, we’re able to install faster, respond quicker, and support our customers without delays.
Most importantly, every Solar Topps system is designed, installed, and serviced by our own in-house team—never subcontractors. This gives us complete control over workmanship, cleanliness, and system performance, allowing us to confidently stand behind our work with 25-year Total System Protection warranties. From your first consultation through decades of ownership, Solar Topps delivers peace of mind, accountability, and solar + battery installs done the right way.
We Promise to Always Do Right By You
Who We AreTrusted for our proven results, we’re continuously ranked among Arizona’s most reputable solar and battery installers. We provide industry-leading products, installations and service to help maximize savings.
Our team provides clear, transparent, honest answers and pricing to help
you know if getting a residential energy system installed makes sense.
Very good customer service, took the time to answer all questions and followed up every step of the way. Installers and technicians were so polite and detail oriented
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new...
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new inverter and the system is up and running. Much better system than before with an even better monitoring system and App. Solar Topps employees are very professional and their follow up and communications are great as well. Thank you Solar Topps!!!
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will...
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will definitely recommend them!
Read More
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they...
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they met the timeline they quoted. I am happy with the system performance and I would highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone looking to install a new solar system.
Read More
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time...
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time and they set them all up for us. One Powerwall we got didn't work on activation and the owner was at our house, on the phone with Tesla who authorized a replacement - which was done within 2 hrs of finding out it wasn't working. Nothing but good things to say about them. Definitely recommend.
Read More
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch....
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch. I wholeheartedly recommend them.
Read More
Great communication. Awesome job!
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was...
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was no affect to actual production to the grid or for home use). Called Solar Topps support and they worked with me to verify that the gateway had indeed failed and a repair appointment was made to replace it. Service technician was prompt and very knowledgeable regarding the repair. Overall from contacting support to repair work, I am very pleased that I chose Solar Topps for my system and their commitment to long term service and warranty work. I highly recommend this company for anyone desiring a solar
plant installation for their home or business.
Read More
The Solar Topps team is very knowledgeable, professional and customer service driven. I highly recommend them!
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar....
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar. They are extremely professional and delivered in the anticipated timeframe. Their customer service is great!!
Read More
Solar Topps did a great job designing my system. I've had it for about a month now and I have nothing bad to say about the company, their employees or the product.
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an...
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an issue reaching someone when we had questions and their service was fantastic. They showed up when they said they would and they did what they said they would do. Their field personnel from their electricians, to the panel install crew, to the engineer that came out to answer questions and walk us thru the app were the best. SolarTopps made the entire process painless and I cannot say enough good things about them. They are your choice for solar. Thank you SolarTopps!!!
Read More
Professionals all the way around. Made sure that nothing ever sat around waiting on them. Clean, solid work.
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made...
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made the entire experience seamless. Highly recommend this local company!
Read More
Very attentive, excellent communication.
The team put together a fantastic system for my household. They were friendly, and professional when talking with them. And they provided updates throughout the whole process
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t...
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t think I waited more than an hour for a response to any email or text message I sent during this process over the last three months. I found them by contacting a solar info specialist named Zak Alomari was so knowledgeable and authentic that I felt comfortable with his recommendations from the start. He was the one who recommended Solar Topps and said he wouldn’t recommend anyone else after doing this for many years because they are so far above anyone else, it’s not even close. He was right…all the way. Thank you Zak. The installation team was extremely professional, kind, and neat. The quality of the install was exceptional. I’m very detailed oriented in my personality and my job, and I noticed all the attention to detail the team took in the whole process. When we designed the system, it was clearly laid out, and we talked through several scenarios of how I might want to use it in the future or expand it so we could get it nailed down perfectly. One of the things I noticed, because I like things clean, neat and organized is the laser engraved labels on all of the elements of the electrical boxes. I did not expect this, but it makes the system’s value even higher. If/when we sell our home in the future, this adds even more value to the system. I cannot recommend them highly enough. I pay attention to service because it means a lot to me, and these guys hit it out of the park. Well done and thank you. -John E (Paradise Valley,AZ)
Read More
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly...
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly communicated each step of the way and set clear expectations on timelines.
Never realized what a complex space getting solar is. The actual install itself took 3 days (battery, conduit, electrical panel upgrade and solar panels) but the permitting, inspections and approvals were the long haul which took around 90 days - again, I didn't have to do anything. Solar Topps took care of the whole experience.
Thanks to Mark, Jesus and the installer team, Raj and Nitish for excellent communication and workmanship.
If you're curious about solar, my recommendation would be go as big as you can with your budget in terms of panel array and definitely consider a Powerwall. Given our past APS bills, our current system will pay for itself in 6 years. Thanks again Solar Topps!
Read More
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their...
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their efforts!
Read More
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I...
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I would have encountered Solar Topps when I installed the solar system because their customer service is just simply outstanding!
Read More
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar...
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar Topps came out and did the repair and charged me zero dollars.
Read More
It was excellent working with SolarTopps. The communication was frequent, timely, and clear throughout the process. The technicians arrived on time and communicated each step of the way. I’m extremely satisfied with their work.
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running...
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running smoothly and efficiently. It was a smart purchase.
Read More
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually...
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually called me to go over the Tesla app and make sure everything was dialed in. We highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone interested in getting solar.
Read More
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very...
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very pleased with Solar Topps and would highly recommend the company to anyone who values honesty, great customer service and good workmanship.
Read More
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything...
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything went smoothly from start to finish, and the system has been running perfectly. It’s rare to find a company this professional and dependable these days. Highly recommend them to anyone thinking about getting solar!
Read More
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were...
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were never here. Worth giving them your Solar needs project.
Read More
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from...
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from different companies. Solar Topps wasn't the cheapest, but it was truly one of the few that was local to the valley. This was important to have a local company involved and not a company that is nationwide using a contractor. One thing I learned fast is that ALL Solar Topps employees live here in the valley. Solar Topps turned out to be the best. Very organized and helpful. Also, Solar Topps designed the best system they could using APS bills. But really, they need more information to dial the system in to your usage. So do your homework and stop blaming them because you didnt give them all the pcs of the puzzle.
Also, when you're new to Solar, the customer has to define their goals to help them. I thought I knew what my goals were. I later learned my goal has changed. I started with a 50-panel 20Kwh system with 1 Powerwall 3 whole-home backup battery. I thought I would never have to buy power from APS again. It wasn't till I started going day by day at my usage and pulling my after-hours, meaning no solar production to see just how many batteries I really need to achieve this. Most people don't know this data.
This process can take longer than expected. Everything that I encountered with delays had nothing to do with them. But I blamed them in the moment. They listened and never got upset with me.
In the end, I was happy with the system they designed based on the info I gave them. After installing, my goals started changing, and I dug deep into usage. Put an energy monitor in my main panel on every circuit to see what uses what in the house. I then changed what I could to lower the usage.
I now have added 2 more Tesla Powerwall expansion batteries. I use zero power from APS and sell them nearly 4 bucks a day in power. It's nice to get paid by them and not pay them. Also, they can raise the rates all they want.t I don't use their power anymore.
Thanks, Niel, Sean, Robby, Summy, Mike, Gaurav
I have turned into a total solar geek. Thanks Solar Topps!!!!
Read More
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would...
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would not bring up my wifi. I told him I would figure it out later. He said he would check back with me to make sure I got connected. A few days later the same guy called back and got me up and running. I'm so greatful for his knowledge and patience.
Read More
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but...
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but also on quality of products.
Read More
Fixed problem quickly.
They help me with the connection issue I had and everything worked out great. Thanks for being so helpful and thanks for doing it quickly and considerably. Great job.
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and...
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and gave me great customer service. I am super happy with solar tops and would recommend them to anyone who has any type of solar needs.
Read More
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less...
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less than one day and everything was done flawless.
Read More
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and...
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and called, texted, and emailed me with each step of the process. I highly recommend SolarTopps for anyone interested in a solar energy system.
Read More
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my...
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my first two APS bills for May and June with an electric vehicle charging in a 2100 sq ft. Home for $31 and $28. They answered all my calls and followed thru with all plans. I would recommend to all my family and friends and in fact I have. Thanks again! I did my homework and it paid off.
Read More
Great company! I've had Solar Topps systems on two separate homes and have had great experiences with both. Any issue I've had has been promptly identified and addressed by them. Would highly recommend.
The customer support at Solar Topps is top notch. They helped me by walking through the process to reset my system and continued to monitor my unit until it was fixed. They are very responsive to any request for assistance.
Sean is very engaging, great customer service, answering questions and trying to help make the best choice wether it is with them or not he still wants to make sure your fully informed.
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to...
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to work with, and follow through with what they say they are going to do. Highly recommended.
Read More
It was great working with solartopps. Solar Topps did an incredible job with our solar installation! Their team was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient from start to finish. The process was seamless, with clear communication.
customer service is fantastic.........GAURAV is an excellent empoyee. helped me to restore my solar pannel production working on timely and efficient with profassinal manner
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be...
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be around for us whenever we would need them.
Read More
Had inverter replaced, great service.
Solar Topps did a great job with their proposal, which was very competitive. They worked hard getting our solar installed and up and running. Highly recommend this company.
Great service, this company stands behind their product and service is terrific. I would recommend Solar Topps for anyone considering going solar.
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery...
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery had a problem due to an error on my side and they contacted me within the same day to let me know the system was off, although I was able to restore power myself they still sent a technician out to check my system and make sure everything was ok. This company is great and goes above and beyond for their customers!
Read More
Great communication through the process. Team was neat, clean and efficient without any inconvenience. Final connection set up by Neal was thorough and timely.
Excellent customer service. Answered all of my questions, worked with me to set up the Enlighten monitoring solar production app and explained everything simply for me without “jargon”
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many...
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many panels needed, gave me different pricing options and were super patient with all my questions. I did a lot of research on Solar Companies and these guys were the only ones that didn't seem like slime balls just trying to make a sale. If you are looking for Solar you can't go wrong with these guys!
Read More
Outstanding service by team SolarTopps. Great work ethics and focus on client’s needs. I wish great success for this company! I loved the professionalism of Gaurav. 5* (5 star) performer!!
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There...
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There were many steps and everyone at Solar Topps was professional and customer oriented. Special recognition to Zak, my sales rep, John, the electrician who installed the panel upgrade and inverter, and Alex (I hope I remembered that right) and another tech who did the rooftop panel installation. They were fast, efficient, did a clean, attractive job and communicated well.
Read More
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking...
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking forward to reduced costs in electricity and having electricity when any issues come up with the grid.
Read More
Great customer service!
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of...
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of the system! He was very personable very knowledgeable and I appreciate his outstanding customer service! I highly recommend solar tops and I'm not an easy one to convince on anything...
Read More
Solar Topps is fantastic! Everything from the initial install to to follow up questions. This is a top notch company with first class customer support.
This company has not only great customer service but the materials used for the solar equipment is the best. There workmanship was great no complaints whatsoever
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect....
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect. I highly recommend Solar Topps. This is the second time I have had a solar installation and the first time was through a company through Costco and hands-down Solar Topps is a way better company with a lot better customer service. They did not cut corners or sell me cheap equipment. I’m extremely happy with the product they gave me.
Read More
Solar Topps was amazing and very responsive. They kept me updated throughout the entire process. Definitely recommend this Solar company since they are local and have been in the industry for a long time.
Extremely helpful every step of the way. To the salesman to the installers to the technicians who turned on the system.
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also...
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also have an EV that would need to be charged. Solar Topps was able to take our input of what we wanted (100% offset of electricity) and our general life style to come up with a system size to meet our needs. They even suggested that we not put all of the solar panels on the south facing roof but rather put some on our west facing roof to take advantage of the late afternoon sun to help in the summer months when TEP rate is the highest. They worked with us on every step of the process from permitting though final “Permission To Operate” (PTO) from TEP electric company. They had a very completive bid and completed the project in a reasonable time frame. We would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone that was interest in getting solar installed on their home.
Read More
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar...
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar companies are hit and run with sales people; SolarTopps is real.
Read More
Technician’s were great, staff provided updates in a timely manner
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps...
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps facility and took the time to explain every detail of their operations.
What stood out the most was their commitment to excellence. Every part of their business, from the equipment they use to their carefully thought-out practices, reflects their dedication to the highest standards. Robby’s in-depth explanations about how their processes benefit customers gave me complete confidence in their expertise and integrity.
If you’re considering solar in Phoenix, Solar Topps is the clear choice. They combine cutting edge technology with meticulous attention to detail and exceptional customer service. I wouldn’t trust or recommend anyone else!
Read More
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout...
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout the process. Overall, a great experience with Solar Topps; they definitely know their business!
Read More
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If...
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If you are in Arizona, don’t sub your work to an out of State group. These folks, sales, design, install and support are all employed by Solar Topps in Phoenix, AZ. No sub contractors. I’m very happy with the whole process. Watching my meter spin backwards as we speak!
Read More
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality...
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality of work has been outstanding, and they have shown up as scheduled.. All workers have been courteous and respectful, and responses to questions/issues timely.
In a world full of scammers and less than ethical fly-by- night outfits, Solar Topps has been board and ethical. I would recommend to friends.
Read More
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality,...
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality, professional installation of the additional panels. I am retired from an aviation maintenance / quality control career, so I expect quality when I higher a company for service and am very disappointed when hack preforms sub par workmanship. I have no hesitation recommending Solar Topps for your solar installation or upgrade. They are the best!
Read More
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the...
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the panels instead of getting locked into some weird lease system. Fortunately, I knew Mark Greene through work and asked his advice. He works with Solar Topps and was able to sit down with my family and clearly explain the pros and cons of different options, and give us a detailed picture of what we could expect. We decided it was a good move for us and signed up.
Once the process began, it went pretty much exactly as Mark described. The installers were very professional and efficient. They work directly for the company (not subcontractors) so the communication was quick and easy and their truck was clearly labeled Solar Topps. They left the work area clean when they were done and the black on black solar panels look very nice and modern.
The regulation process through the City of Phoenix and APS was definitely slow but at least proceeded smoothly. Solar Topps kept us informed of next steps and what to expect for a general timeline. So that part was as painless as possible.
Now that the system is turned on and running we are very satisfied with the results. The Tesla app makes everything about your power use and generation very clear. When nothing is turned on you can see the baseline power your house uses, and the when the heater or airconditioning turns on you can see the use jump up, which is informative. Also you can easily see how much power use was solar, battery, and grid along with a cost savings estimate.
So over all, I would highly recommend talking to Mark to get a good idea of what your different options are, and I would trust Solar Topps to give you a clean and efficient install and setup. Just keep in mind that your city and APS/SRP are going to take a while to inspect and approve everything. After that, enjoy making your own power, saving money and being secure from blackouts.
Read More
professional and helpful. I highly recommend this company
Great people to work with
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them...
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them for your solar.
Read More
excellent post-install care and support
Excellent support removing then replacing my solar as I had my roof redone. Very professional, on-time, cleaned up and answered all my questions.
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for...
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for our home. From the beginning in talking to our salesman, Sean, his communication was outstanding, answering our every question, even on weekends. Solar Topps worked with us in delaying our install, so it was convenient for us. The install of our adapted power box and solar panels was well done and organized. All of the workers from electricians to installers were all professional and friendly, and all made it a very pleasant experience for us. We look forward to the savings we will receive by going solar.
Read More
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the...
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the heat of 110. They even upgraded our monitor. Beyond happy with this company.
10-18-24:Great service once again, we had Microinverters installed and everything was fantastic. A month or so later one of our panels stopped charging but ST came over quickly and repaired the connector and our system works again perfectly. Mark was technician, worked like the pro he is. Hannah Cooper handled scheduling and communication with the expertise and grace of a professional customer service representative. We love ST and recommend them people who want a good ,secure,reliable company taking care of them.
Read More
Great customer service.
Experienced disruptions with solar communications. After several unsuccesful attempts to self-correct I called Solar Topps, the installer. Mike and his boss came, diagnosed problem and promptly corrected it. Covered by warranty. Should have called sooner.
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all...
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all of my questions and made me feel very comfortable about my decision to go with solar. I would recommend this company to anyone thinking about solar.
Read More
Solar Topps is a Great Solar Company. They are very prompt to answer any questions or service needed. I am very happy with my choice for Solar Topps.
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me...
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me navigate a difficult situation. Solar Topps was great with communication in terms of when the crew would be there to do the work. On the day of, the crew was prompt and extremely courteous, and always kept me informed about their progress. The job needed to be spanned out over a couple of days but I didn't mind because I knew it was being done right, no corners cut.
I needed to have my panels removed because of a roof leak situation that turned out not to be the fault of Solar Topps. Michael came to my property numerous times and even coordinated with my roofing company to help identify the source of the problem. Nobody wants to deal with a situation like this but Michael was extremely knowledgable and came to the site with a ton of experience (and patience!) to do whatever he could to help set things right. He thoroughly inspected the site at each critical step of the fixing process and always took the time to make sure I felt comfortable with the plan of action. He gave me great advice backed by years of experience, and like I said, he was on site (probably more than usual - which is why I say he went above and beyond) to make sure all was well. It has yet to rain again to make sure the reroofing (done by my roofing company) fixed the issue, but I feel confident in everything that Michael and the Solar Topps install team did for my particular situation.
I wouldn't wish a roof leak situation on anyone, it can get expensive fast and is very stressful... but I will say that Solar Topps treated me and the situation (which was lengthy and complex) well. I was always able to get ahold of someone and service was prompt. I've talked with a lot of solar companies and would still very highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in getting solar (just make sure your roof is SOLID before you put panels on!)
Read More
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my...
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my Panels was generating), so he ask me if I mind if he could disconnect so he could do some research, he called back promptly as he promised. Aneal walked me through everything that I need to do to understand how to log on the Solar Edge support site and monitor the output of my Panels. I had been at this for about a week and was about ready to give up. Thank you Aneal. I really appreciated you help.
Read More
Service is always fast and friendly.
Top class experience. Some of the micro inverters were not reporting and I left a message after hours. Got a call within an hour with resolution. Great customer oriented dedicated management and team. Highly recommend them!! Thanks Solar Topps team.
I called Solar Topps at 2:00 when I noticed my system was down and they came out quickly and it was back on before 5:00. Great job!!
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the...
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the issue. She was polite, patient and thorough. Solar Topps customer service is excellent.
Read More
Got my system up and running again.
Incredible service, great prices, super professional!
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create...
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create the final highly professional proposal, to hand holding all the way through the actual installation of the system, we have been impressed. Solar Topps is clearly a solid, honest, and very dependable resource in their category and, all things considered, we believe we received tremendous value from our transaction. We wholeheartedly recommend them to others.
Read More
System went down and received a quick response.
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great...
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great job and were the best price on the market! Would highly recommend. I’ve had my panels for 6 months now and it’s been fantastic!! May was our best month yet, our bill was $2 for a 2600 sq ft home.
Read More
Excellent staff. Was kept well informed of every step in the process.
The service technician did a great job correcting the problem.
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out...
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out to be an issue with the builder of my home not properly tightening the main service line to my service panel. In troubleshooting Solar Topps resolved the issue for me!
Read More
Had an issue with our solar and team was timely in helping get a resolution. When working with manager, he was receptive to feedback and worked to ensure all concerns were resolved.
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from...
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from start to finish to make sure our solar production loss was cut to a minimum. All work was done as promised!
Read More
Mark arrived on time and completed the service quickly. He addressed all my questions and helped me understand the nature of the problem and the fix. Thank you Mark and thanks Solar Topps for a quick response to my concern.
Excellent service. Had an issue with Solar Inverter registration with Tesla, resolved quickly and made sure that App is reflecting with the changes. Now I can see inverter in App and track the data. Thanks
Great company and I love my solar system.The sales representative was very professional and the construction crew did great work.
All around great company. Price service and the best part is the 25 year production guarantee.
Great solar company. Would recommend !
Great company. Good work, clean install, money saved!
Smooth and easy process, great company
Great company, loved working with them!
Seamless process, and easy to work with! Great team
Great company.
Best company I had come give a quote, worked with me and my timeline! Great sales man, not pushy at all!
Great customer service. I had a problem with my solar panels, and they came out the next day to fix them. Very professional and great service.
Solar Topps is always willing to help with any problem with a prompt resolution. Thanks Sashi
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing...
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing ever since!!! Highly recommended!
Read More
Good Solar company; quick customer care resolution team and friendly; definitely would recommend them to everyone
Installed last year. Very Professional, good service after install. Had some panel issues but pretty responsive and fixed those all in the next day or two. Highly recommended !
Solar Topps resolved a roof leak, one day after my very concerned phone call. Very satisfied, very reassuring. Thank you.
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting...
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting phase of the process. All worked out good!! 👍🏻
Read More
Extremely knowledgable, very patient and fixed my problem.... thank you so much for your help
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was...
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was impressed because it was a holiday weekend right before Christmas.
Read More
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated...
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated to us. Very happy that we went with Solar Topps.
Read More
Great service and very informative about the process
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not...
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not tech savvy so he helped me step by step! Thank you!
Read More
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of...
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of the installation process. They customized a solution that perfectly met my needs and budget, and I never felt pressured to make a decision.
The installation crew was professional and efficient. They arrived on time and worked diligently to install my solar system. The quality of their work was exceptional, and they paid attention to every detail to ensure a seamless integration with my roof. I was impressed by their expertise and dedication to delivering a top-notch installation.
Activating the system was a breeze, thanks to Solar Topps' guidance. They provided clear instructions and support throughout the process, making sure I understood how to monitor and maintain my solar system.
One of the reasons I chose Solar Topps was their use of top-quality panels. They offered a range of options, and I was able to select panels that suited my needs and budget. Knowing that I have high-quality panels installed gives me peace of mind about the long-term performance of my solar system.
To top it all off, Solar Topps offered the best price in Phoenix. I did my research and compared quotes from several companies, and Solar Topps came out on top in terms of value for money. I couldn't be happier with my decision to go solar with Solar Topps. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a reliable, professional, and cost-effective solar solution!
Read More
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and...
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and running! They were easy to work with and they handle all the little details with permits, the power company and our HOA. All I had to do was write 3 checks (almost painless).
Read More
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar...
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar Revolution!!!!
Read More
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this...
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this company. Thank you!
Read More
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free...
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free from your electric company and all their added fees, GO SOLAR! Also the Fed. is willing to pay for a hefty portion of your solar install, let Solar Topps come by your home and explain it all.
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process,...
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process, including city and APS inspections, took less time than estimated. I would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in installing solar panels.
Read More
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager,...
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager, Nolan, stayed in close contact and communicated above and beyond what we expected. Solar Topps completed the project ahead of schedule. Scot completed the very final steps efficiently and went beyond what we expected. We can’t say enough positive things about our experience.
Read More
Solar Topps replaced one of my panels that had been hit by a golf ball. They were very friendly and efficient
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We...
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We wanted to put the electric bill to rest. There are so many companies out there, selling solar. They use a line like “ we can save you money”. We didn’t want to just save money, we wanted our bill eliminated.
5 years later, we pay a few dollars in taxes on the bill, and get money back at end of the year. I feel bad for people that fall for the solar lease. We have a Pre-paid lease… which means we own our system, but they do any maintenance for 20 years. It is the best of both worlds. No monthly bills. No monthly lease to pay, no maintenance…The system paid for itself in less the 5 years
Read More
Solar Topps is absolutely Topps in the field. They are very helpful, efficient, and they know what they are doing. I am so grateful for all that was done for me to make this dream of mine come true!
Installed a 10KW system at our home in Mohave Valley, AZ. System performing at/above expectations. Install was done well, and installers were courteous and professional. Highly recommend.
Arnav was very helpful when I called. Thank you, Arnav.
Arnav (support) and Sean O'Brien (sales) are always fast in responding to all my questions. Solar panels come with a lot of new information and Solar Topps makes sure I am satisfied every time I call.
Solar Topps was SO awesome on the installation and continues to be OUTSTANDING in any customer service inquiry I have. I give them 5 stars for their follow-up and follow-thru. Thank you Solar Topps!
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!!...
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!! 10/10 recommend.
Read More
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams...
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams were also very good, hard working and from a customers’ perspective, informative and friendly. I was very pleased with the entire process and would recommend Solar Topps to anyone!
Read More
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure...
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure to follow up to insure all was corrected. Thank you so much, SolarTopps for all your great work!
Read More
Solar Topps is a great company to buy solar from. They have great pricing, many financing options, skilled staff, and provide excellent ongoing support. Would highly recommend.
They replaced an out of warranty inverter with a new one promptly and connected to my mySolar phone App also. Tech knew what was needed to be done. Excellent company.
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house...
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house have been courteous and very capable. Not one surprise. If a tech is going to be late they call you and let you know so you aren't left waiting. We went with a different solar company also on Energy Sage and cancelled our contract 10 days into it because we weren't getting called back, we were left hanging when techs didn't show up and they were using subcontractors. Really good decision to bail on that company and go with Solar Topps. A very low stress experience from beginning to end.
Read More
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the...
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the workers cracked a couple tiles on the roof which can happen when doing major roof work. But they had a quality inspector check everything and informed me about the broken tiles and they sent out a guy to replace them. This is nice because I have heard of other solar companies not advice that they broke some tiles. Originally they did not have the correct tiles and instead did a repair on the cracked ones while they looked for tiles that would replace them. Ended up coming out 3 times until they got a set of tiles that fit properly and they replaced them with no charge at all.
Only other issue i had was the central computer that reports system outputs not working but they also came out and replaced that no issues at all.
Overall very friendly and responsive support so far and I fully expect it will continue if I ever need to contact them again.
Read More
I love working with Solar Topps. They really care about there customers.
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps,...
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps, the firm that installed the solar back in 2017, to ask them to diagnose the problem. Shortly after one of their technicians scheduled an appointment to do a field inspection that disclosed burn marks on the two panel. A warranty application was promptly prepared by Solar Topps and forwarded to Hyundai, the panel manufacturer in Korea for approval. After prompt and persistent follow by Solar Topps an approval was granted. Two new panels were installed on my roof within 30 days of discovering the problem at no expense to me. I'm very grateful to the staff and management of Solar Topps for the hassle-free follow through and the standing behind of their warranty obligations......Tom Snyder
Read More
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always...
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always quickly followed up with any of my concerns. I was very happy to be working with them when one of my inverters needed to be replaced. Bradley and Mark were also two of the best technicians- very kind and knowledgeable! Thank you!
Read More
Couldn’t have asked for better customer service. I was kept informed every step of the way and any questions I had were quickly answer to my satisfaction. They took care of everything!
Neal reached out and assisted in resolving my issue after hours on a Sunday evening. Thank you.
Solar Topps installed our system three years ago. They were very responsive throughout the process leading up to activation. Their after installation support is professional and competent in addressing in issues with production. I recommend Solar Topps
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very...
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very well communicated and went very smooth. A couple minor things at the end of the install, that they mitigated pretty quickly. Overall would completely recommend.
Read More
They helped me out on their day off to help resolve my issue! Great customer service
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a...
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a couple EV chargers and a roof allowance to the financing, which was a great help. Thanks for making it all work. Thanks again!
Read More
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier...
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier to understand every step involved in the installation of the solar panels. Nolan, Tony, Neal, sangram, Harshad, and the installation crew were fantastic in keeping me informed during each step of the process. Whenever I had a question, I received an answer the same day. I really appreciate the work involved by every one from start to finish to make the completion of the project so quick, especially since I live in Tucson. I won't hesitate to refer them to my friends!
Read More
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan...
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan were and continue to be extremely helpful in every aspect.
Solar Topps is a Top Notch Professional Business. I am extremely happy and glad that I decided to go with them as my Solar System Installer.
Read More
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and...
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and would, instead, have a company travel from Tucson to Cave Creek.
We contacted a few local companies and also used Energy Sage online to get some quotes. Two responses from Energy Sage included Solar Topps and we're glad they did.
Solar Topps gave us a price equal to the lowest national quote and the hardware was better (Panasonic panels versus something else) and good Enphase electronics. They were also a couple thousand dollars less than another local company we had install our solar hot water heater system.
We had a signed contract with Solar Topps dated March 9 and our system was turned on and working April 12.
That, to us, is an incredibly fast turnaround for a good sized solar panel system. We had been prepared by other companies for a 90 day period of time start to finish, so to have it done in a few days more than A MONTH was a very pleasant surprise.
We didn't have to do ANY of the paperwork with Maricopa County or APS, Solar Topps took care of all of it in a painless fashion.
Solar Topps was a pleasure to work with every step of the way. Any questions were answered via phone or email VERY promptly and correctly.
An example:
Our system has panels oriented south and west. Solar Topps was the only company to come up with this option to maximize the efficiency of our system to take advantage of the peak power rates of APS by having some panels installed to maximize the efficiency of the total system in the afternoon when the sun is lower in the west. See the attached real-time report from our panels and an early billing report from APS where our first few days with the system running has APS paying US instead of vice-versa. (to be fair, the weather has been easy and the A/C hasn't been running, but... still that's pretty cool)
If you are thinking of solar and you're in the Phoenix metro area (or elsewhere, even), you should definitely give SERIOUS consideration to using local company around for a long time Solar Topps.
Seriously, DO IT!
Read More
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly...
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly and attentitivley. i have overall confidence in the product i purchaced and am happy with my new solar system. i definitley reccomend Solar Topps for cusomer service and thouroughness.
Read More
great response on issues and prompt fix thank you
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update....
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update. The estimated savings function is not available and it works very well!
Read More
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from...
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from beginning to end.
Highly recommend anyone looking at adding solar to their home to contact Solar Topps
Read More
Quick, efficient, professional. Very responsive to deal with unexpected issues.
I'm very impressed with the work that went into the design, permit and inspections. I have had it since 2015 and don't regret the decision I made.
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of...
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of contract to when panels would go "live". The company met the timeline. A few times since Sept. 2014 the software to monitor production was lost. On each occasion one phone call was made and a tech was out and I was able to again look on my laptop and see what my panels were producing. A neighbor of mine went with a competitor two weeks after I signed. I was live in Sept. 2014 and he was live in Jan. 15! I have no problem in referring people to Solar Topps. We received three bids and Solar Topps was the best price, we are very happy we went with them and have referred them to friends.
Read More
Absolutely no problems with huge electric bill savings.
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to...
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to change. After speaking to others in our community, attending seminars and crunching numbers, we felt solar panels was the way to go and Solar Topps offered us the best plan for our needs. I figured our breakeven point would be 8 plus years. We have had our solar panels for 6 years and next year they will have paid for themselves. The panels have been so maintenance free we tend to forget about them. If asked about it, I tell people I'm happy we went solar and would do it again.
Read More
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take...
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take care of me in no time. Looking forward for their new venture in solar so i can go for our new home.
Read More
Glad I chose Solar Topps. Would be so again.
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever...
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever made. I highly recommend them.
Read More
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from...
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from my perspective, the installation company was important but the components were more important. It is my opinion that Solar Topps uses only the best components.
Also, I wanted to own my system and get the federal tax credits. I did and with my reduced cost of installation, I calculate my investment will be returned in savings in between five and six years. All components are warranted at least 20 years. Having been a business owner before my retirement, that is an OK deal.
Leasing my system and making monthly payments instead of paying the utility company directly did/does not comply with my preferences.
The actual installation was very well done. It looks good and is strong. It has survived several wind storms, including the recent micro burst that took down hundreds of trees in our area and took down three large trees within 50 yards of my home. Damage to my solar system was zero.
Further, i receive monthly energy production reports that allow me to monitor my usage and savings on an ongoing basis. My energy production is actually better than our estimates were at the time of installation.
I am pleased with every aspect of the work Solar Topps did for us.
Read More
Excellent service in every way. Highly recommend Solar Tops.
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to...
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to my neighbors.
Read More
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! ...
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! This is absolutely the best customer service experience we have had out of all of the local companies that we have dealt with. We highly recommend Solar Topps.
Read More
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive,...
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive, Their sales rep. (Tony) took the time to walk me through the proposal, but was also extremely responsive through the full experience. Nearly every follow question I had was answered the same day. Even when there was an issue with the initial plan that was submitted to SRP, they quickly offered alternate options that still met my needs.
The installation was seamless, and even though we were near the end of the year, they managed to get everything done and turn on before the 2020 tax incentives expired. The system has been turned on for two months now and everything is performing as expected.
The only area of improvement I could suggest is that during the quoting process, it was not clear that they would not be installing a demand load management system (which is fairly standard) and the connections to see my house's power consumption/demand from the grid. Not a huge deal, but a little more clarity there would have been helpful, but would not have changed my mind in selecting them.
Overall I am extremely pleased with the system so far and have not had any surprises in my bills from SRP.
Read More
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to...
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to have our system up and running as quickly as we could. Joan and her team had our system turned on within 2.5 months. We were so impressed by this, especially considering all of the shut downs that were impacting our permitting and inspection timelines. But they made it happen! We are so happy to finally have our system running and helping us save money, especially when every bit counts. We will be recommending this company to all of our friends and neighbors that are considering going solar.
Read More
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the...
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the panels did everything he said it would do
Of
Read More
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up...
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up and were very respectful. We have been working with Solar Topps for several months as they went through the process of permits, electrical installation then the solar panels. We are looking forward to the rebate the Government will return. We should be up and running in 2 weeks after inspection and meter install. We recommend this reputable company.
Read More
EXcellent company. Excellent professional service. Strongly recommended.
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario...
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario showed up at the scheduled appointment. He and his crew were very professional and did a fantastic job. Thank you Solar Topps!
Read More
Had solar tops for 3 years love them
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was...
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was not affected still they followed up very professionally. Excellent Solar company.
Read More
Great company, excellent customer service!
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with...
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with his presentation and layout along with his explanation in regards to solar panels and there differences. He wasn't trying to push high-end panels down my throat like some other companies, I had already done all my own research in regards economy,standard and premium panel options. I went with the standard/economy blended panel option as i like to call it, signed my contract and left the rest up to solartopps. The process and installation took a while,longer then expected actually. I never complained,never bothered the company during this entire process I just let them do there thing. In the end they did me a solid, upgraded my panels to premium at no extra costs to me. They didn't have to do that,in fact most companies wouldn't even bother to offer it. In my personal opinion that's what separates a good company from a great company! Having said all that, can't forget about the installation crew! Splendid work boys! From the installation of panels and wiring of the box very clean, nicely done! Customer service department you ask? Excellent! I was updated via email thru the entire process,informed about each step was nice! Thank you all, I am very appreciative of all your efforts and for the upgraded panels.
Read More
Best service ever talk to a couple of solar company but noting like solar topp I love it!!!
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a...
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a question they were always available by phone. You could always talk with the owners of this company. Their installation crew was professional and competent. They paid close attention to detail and I am very please with the neatness of the installation. Solar Topps works closely with APS and our system was up and running within one week of final approval from the city. I recommend Solar Topps without reservation.
Read More
After interviewing 3 solar installation services, we selected SolarTopps. We were favorably impressed with their presentation and their responses to our questions. The installation was neat and professional, and the system is operating very effectively.
We have received your application and are in the process of reviewing the submission. Our team is excited to learn more about your qualifications and how they align with the requirements of the role. We will be in touch with further updates regarding the status of your application.
Please check your email inbox for meeting link and details.
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| __cf_bm | 1 hour | This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. |
| AWSALBCORS | 7 days | Amazon Web Services set this cookie for load balancing. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement | 1 year | Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". |
| CookieLawInfoConsent | 1 year | CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. |
| JSESSIONID | session | New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. |
| viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. |
| wpEmojiSettingsSupports | session | WordPress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a WordPress site. It helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| aka_debug | session | Vimeo sets this cookie which is essential for the website to play video functionality. |
| player | 1 year | Vimeo uses this cookie to save the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. |
| pvc_visits[0] | 2 minutes | Posts View Counter set this cookie to ensure accurate view counts on each page. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| AWSALB | 7 days | AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. |
| sync_active | never | This cookie is set by Vimeo and contains data on the visitor's video-content preferences, so that the website remembers parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _ga | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. |
| _ga_* | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. |
| vuid | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.solartopps.com/new-install/commercial/

Call or Text Us Today (480) 940-1201
More Businesses are Going Solar Because of
30% Solar Investment
Federal Tax Credits
85% MACRS Depreciation
Up to 5 Years
3-5 Year Average
Return on Investment
Your rooftop is one of the most underutilized assets on your property. Commercial rooftop solar transforms offices, warehouses, and manufacturing facilities into on-site power plants—reducing operating expenses while increasing long-term asset value. By generating clean energy directly where it’s consumed, businesses can significantly offset utility costs, stabilize energy expenses, and protect against unpredictable rate increases. With minimal disruption to daily operations and scalable system designs, rooftop solar is one of the fastest ways to improve cash flow and sustainability metrics at the same time.
Solar carports and shade structures allow your parking areas to do double duty—producing energy while providing valuable shade and weather protection for employees and customers. These systems improve comfort, reduce heat exposure, and elevate the visual appeal of your property, all while contributing to meaningful energy savings. For customer-facing businesses, solar carports also signal environmental leadership and innovation—enhancing brand perception without sacrificing function.
The top level of your parking garage is prime real estate—yet it often goes unused. Solar canopies turn that space into a high-performing energy asset while improving vehicle protection and user comfort. By integrating solar into parking structures, owners can create a new revenue stream, offset facility energy costs, and extend the life of parked vehicles by reducing heat exposure. It’s a strategic upgrade that increases both functional and financial performance of your existing infrastructure.
Energy storage allows businesses to capture excess solar production and deploy it when it matters most—during peak demand hours, utility rate spikes, or grid disruptions. By pairing solar with battery storage, companies can reduce demand charges, improve energy reliability, and maintain operations during outages. Storage also provides flexibility, enabling you to optimize energy usage day or night while strengthening resilience across your facilities.
Total System Protection Warranties
System Support
Our proven track record of superior engineering, high-quality installations and
excellent customer service has earned us the highest certifications in the industry.
At Solar Topps, we deliver commercial energy solutions that help businesses lower operating costs, strengthen energy resilience, and gain long-term protection from rising utility rates and demand charges. Whether you need a brand-new commercial solar installation, want to expand your current system, or are adding a battery-backup solution to keep operations running during outages, we engineer systems that align with your business goals and operational demands.
Unlike solar providers that rely on outside contractors, Solar Topps completes every part of your project—design, engineering, installation, and ongoing support—with our own in-house commercial specialists. This ensures tighter quality control, streamlined communication, and a faster, more predictable project timeline. Our end-to-end approach allows us to deliver high-output commercial solar and battery systems built for long-term durability, peak performance, and maximum return on investment. No off-the-shelf packages—only data-driven, custom solutions designed around your facility, usage patterns, and growth plans.
If your business is looking for a trusted commercial solar company in Arizona, Solar Topps provides future-ready energy solutions backed by experts who stand behind the work at every stage.
Trusted for our proven results, we’re continuously ranked among Arizona’s most reputable solar and battery installers. We provide industry-leading products, installations and service to help maximize savings
Our team provides clear, transparent, honest answers and pricing to help
you know if getting a commercial energy system installed makes sense.
Very good customer service, took the time to answer all questions and followed up every step of the way. Installers and technicians were so polite and detail oriented
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new...
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new inverter and the system is up and running. Much better system than before with an even better monitoring system and App. Solar Topps employees are very professional and their follow up and communications are great as well. Thank you Solar Topps!!!
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will...
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will definitely recommend them!
Read More
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they...
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they met the timeline they quoted. I am happy with the system performance and I would highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone looking to install a new solar system.
Read More
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time...
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time and they set them all up for us. One Powerwall we got didn't work on activation and the owner was at our house, on the phone with Tesla who authorized a replacement - which was done within 2 hrs of finding out it wasn't working. Nothing but good things to say about them. Definitely recommend.
Read More
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch....
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch. I wholeheartedly recommend them.
Read More
Great communication. Awesome job!
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was...
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was no affect to actual production to the grid or for home use). Called Solar Topps support and they worked with me to verify that the gateway had indeed failed and a repair appointment was made to replace it. Service technician was prompt and very knowledgeable regarding the repair. Overall from contacting support to repair work, I am very pleased that I chose Solar Topps for my system and their commitment to long term service and warranty work. I highly recommend this company for anyone desiring a solar
plant installation for their home or business.
Read More
The Solar Topps team is very knowledgeable, professional and customer service driven. I highly recommend them!
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar....
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar. They are extremely professional and delivered in the anticipated timeframe. Their customer service is great!!
Read More
Solar Topps did a great job designing my system. I've had it for about a month now and I have nothing bad to say about the company, their employees or the product.
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an...
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an issue reaching someone when we had questions and their service was fantastic. They showed up when they said they would and they did what they said they would do. Their field personnel from their electricians, to the panel install crew, to the engineer that came out to answer questions and walk us thru the app were the best. SolarTopps made the entire process painless and I cannot say enough good things about them. They are your choice for solar. Thank you SolarTopps!!!
Read More
Professionals all the way around. Made sure that nothing ever sat around waiting on them. Clean, solid work.
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made...
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made the entire experience seamless. Highly recommend this local company!
Read More
Very attentive, excellent communication.
The team put together a fantastic system for my household. They were friendly, and professional when talking with them. And they provided updates throughout the whole process
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t...
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t think I waited more than an hour for a response to any email or text message I sent during this process over the last three months. I found them by contacting a solar info specialist named Zak Alomari was so knowledgeable and authentic that I felt comfortable with his recommendations from the start. He was the one who recommended Solar Topps and said he wouldn’t recommend anyone else after doing this for many years because they are so far above anyone else, it’s not even close. He was right…all the way. Thank you Zak. The installation team was extremely professional, kind, and neat. The quality of the install was exceptional. I’m very detailed oriented in my personality and my job, and I noticed all the attention to detail the team took in the whole process. When we designed the system, it was clearly laid out, and we talked through several scenarios of how I might want to use it in the future or expand it so we could get it nailed down perfectly. One of the things I noticed, because I like things clean, neat and organized is the laser engraved labels on all of the elements of the electrical boxes. I did not expect this, but it makes the system’s value even higher. If/when we sell our home in the future, this adds even more value to the system. I cannot recommend them highly enough. I pay attention to service because it means a lot to me, and these guys hit it out of the park. Well done and thank you. -John E (Paradise Valley,AZ)
Read More
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly...
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly communicated each step of the way and set clear expectations on timelines.
Never realized what a complex space getting solar is. The actual install itself took 3 days (battery, conduit, electrical panel upgrade and solar panels) but the permitting, inspections and approvals were the long haul which took around 90 days - again, I didn't have to do anything. Solar Topps took care of the whole experience.
Thanks to Mark, Jesus and the installer team, Raj and Nitish for excellent communication and workmanship.
If you're curious about solar, my recommendation would be go as big as you can with your budget in terms of panel array and definitely consider a Powerwall. Given our past APS bills, our current system will pay for itself in 6 years. Thanks again Solar Topps!
Read More
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their...
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their efforts!
Read More
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I...
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I would have encountered Solar Topps when I installed the solar system because their customer service is just simply outstanding!
Read More
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar...
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar Topps came out and did the repair and charged me zero dollars.
Read More
It was excellent working with SolarTopps. The communication was frequent, timely, and clear throughout the process. The technicians arrived on time and communicated each step of the way. I’m extremely satisfied with their work.
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running...
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running smoothly and efficiently. It was a smart purchase.
Read More
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually...
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually called me to go over the Tesla app and make sure everything was dialed in. We highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone interested in getting solar.
Read More
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very...
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very pleased with Solar Topps and would highly recommend the company to anyone who values honesty, great customer service and good workmanship.
Read More
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything...
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything went smoothly from start to finish, and the system has been running perfectly. It’s rare to find a company this professional and dependable these days. Highly recommend them to anyone thinking about getting solar!
Read More
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were...
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were never here. Worth giving them your Solar needs project.
Read More
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from...
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from different companies. Solar Topps wasn't the cheapest, but it was truly one of the few that was local to the valley. This was important to have a local company involved and not a company that is nationwide using a contractor. One thing I learned fast is that ALL Solar Topps employees live here in the valley. Solar Topps turned out to be the best. Very organized and helpful. Also, Solar Topps designed the best system they could using APS bills. But really, they need more information to dial the system in to your usage. So do your homework and stop blaming them because you didnt give them all the pcs of the puzzle.
Also, when you're new to Solar, the customer has to define their goals to help them. I thought I knew what my goals were. I later learned my goal has changed. I started with a 50-panel 20Kwh system with 1 Powerwall 3 whole-home backup battery. I thought I would never have to buy power from APS again. It wasn't till I started going day by day at my usage and pulling my after-hours, meaning no solar production to see just how many batteries I really need to achieve this. Most people don't know this data.
This process can take longer than expected. Everything that I encountered with delays had nothing to do with them. But I blamed them in the moment. They listened and never got upset with me.
In the end, I was happy with the system they designed based on the info I gave them. After installing, my goals started changing, and I dug deep into usage. Put an energy monitor in my main panel on every circuit to see what uses what in the house. I then changed what I could to lower the usage.
I now have added 2 more Tesla Powerwall expansion batteries. I use zero power from APS and sell them nearly 4 bucks a day in power. It's nice to get paid by them and not pay them. Also, they can raise the rates all they want.t I don't use their power anymore.
Thanks, Niel, Sean, Robby, Summy, Mike, Gaurav
I have turned into a total solar geek. Thanks Solar Topps!!!!
Read More
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would...
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would not bring up my wifi. I told him I would figure it out later. He said he would check back with me to make sure I got connected. A few days later the same guy called back and got me up and running. I'm so greatful for his knowledge and patience.
Read More
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but...
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but also on quality of products.
Read More
Fixed problem quickly.
They help me with the connection issue I had and everything worked out great. Thanks for being so helpful and thanks for doing it quickly and considerably. Great job.
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and...
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and gave me great customer service. I am super happy with solar tops and would recommend them to anyone who has any type of solar needs.
Read More
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less...
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less than one day and everything was done flawless.
Read More
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and...
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and called, texted, and emailed me with each step of the process. I highly recommend SolarTopps for anyone interested in a solar energy system.
Read More
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my...
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my first two APS bills for May and June with an electric vehicle charging in a 2100 sq ft. Home for $31 and $28. They answered all my calls and followed thru with all plans. I would recommend to all my family and friends and in fact I have. Thanks again! I did my homework and it paid off.
Read More
Great company! I've had Solar Topps systems on two separate homes and have had great experiences with both. Any issue I've had has been promptly identified and addressed by them. Would highly recommend.
The customer support at Solar Topps is top notch. They helped me by walking through the process to reset my system and continued to monitor my unit until it was fixed. They are very responsive to any request for assistance.
Sean is very engaging, great customer service, answering questions and trying to help make the best choice wether it is with them or not he still wants to make sure your fully informed.
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to...
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to work with, and follow through with what they say they are going to do. Highly recommended.
Read More
It was great working with solartopps. Solar Topps did an incredible job with our solar installation! Their team was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient from start to finish. The process was seamless, with clear communication.
customer service is fantastic.........GAURAV is an excellent empoyee. helped me to restore my solar pannel production working on timely and efficient with profassinal manner
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be...
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be around for us whenever we would need them.
Read More
Had inverter replaced, great service.
Solar Topps did a great job with their proposal, which was very competitive. They worked hard getting our solar installed and up and running. Highly recommend this company.
Great service, this company stands behind their product and service is terrific. I would recommend Solar Topps for anyone considering going solar.
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery...
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery had a problem due to an error on my side and they contacted me within the same day to let me know the system was off, although I was able to restore power myself they still sent a technician out to check my system and make sure everything was ok. This company is great and goes above and beyond for their customers!
Read More
Great communication through the process. Team was neat, clean and efficient without any inconvenience. Final connection set up by Neal was thorough and timely.
Excellent customer service. Answered all of my questions, worked with me to set up the Enlighten monitoring solar production app and explained everything simply for me without “jargon”
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many...
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many panels needed, gave me different pricing options and were super patient with all my questions. I did a lot of research on Solar Companies and these guys were the only ones that didn't seem like slime balls just trying to make a sale. If you are looking for Solar you can't go wrong with these guys!
Read More
Outstanding service by team SolarTopps. Great work ethics and focus on client’s needs. I wish great success for this company! I loved the professionalism of Gaurav. 5* (5 star) performer!!
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There...
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There were many steps and everyone at Solar Topps was professional and customer oriented. Special recognition to Zak, my sales rep, John, the electrician who installed the panel upgrade and inverter, and Alex (I hope I remembered that right) and another tech who did the rooftop panel installation. They were fast, efficient, did a clean, attractive job and communicated well.
Read More
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking...
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking forward to reduced costs in electricity and having electricity when any issues come up with the grid.
Read More
Great customer service!
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of...
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of the system! He was very personable very knowledgeable and I appreciate his outstanding customer service! I highly recommend solar tops and I'm not an easy one to convince on anything...
Read More
Solar Topps is fantastic! Everything from the initial install to to follow up questions. This is a top notch company with first class customer support.
This company has not only great customer service but the materials used for the solar equipment is the best. There workmanship was great no complaints whatsoever
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect....
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect. I highly recommend Solar Topps. This is the second time I have had a solar installation and the first time was through a company through Costco and hands-down Solar Topps is a way better company with a lot better customer service. They did not cut corners or sell me cheap equipment. I’m extremely happy with the product they gave me.
Read More
Solar Topps was amazing and very responsive. They kept me updated throughout the entire process. Definitely recommend this Solar company since they are local and have been in the industry for a long time.
Extremely helpful every step of the way. To the salesman to the installers to the technicians who turned on the system.
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also...
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also have an EV that would need to be charged. Solar Topps was able to take our input of what we wanted (100% offset of electricity) and our general life style to come up with a system size to meet our needs. They even suggested that we not put all of the solar panels on the south facing roof but rather put some on our west facing roof to take advantage of the late afternoon sun to help in the summer months when TEP rate is the highest. They worked with us on every step of the process from permitting though final “Permission To Operate” (PTO) from TEP electric company. They had a very completive bid and completed the project in a reasonable time frame. We would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone that was interest in getting solar installed on their home.
Read More
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar...
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar companies are hit and run with sales people; SolarTopps is real.
Read More
Technician’s were great, staff provided updates in a timely manner
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps...
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps facility and took the time to explain every detail of their operations.
What stood out the most was their commitment to excellence. Every part of their business, from the equipment they use to their carefully thought-out practices, reflects their dedication to the highest standards. Robby’s in-depth explanations about how their processes benefit customers gave me complete confidence in their expertise and integrity.
If you’re considering solar in Phoenix, Solar Topps is the clear choice. They combine cutting edge technology with meticulous attention to detail and exceptional customer service. I wouldn’t trust or recommend anyone else!
Read More
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout...
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout the process. Overall, a great experience with Solar Topps; they definitely know their business!
Read More
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If...
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If you are in Arizona, don’t sub your work to an out of State group. These folks, sales, design, install and support are all employed by Solar Topps in Phoenix, AZ. No sub contractors. I’m very happy with the whole process. Watching my meter spin backwards as we speak!
Read More
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality...
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality of work has been outstanding, and they have shown up as scheduled.. All workers have been courteous and respectful, and responses to questions/issues timely.
In a world full of scammers and less than ethical fly-by- night outfits, Solar Topps has been board and ethical. I would recommend to friends.
Read More
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality,...
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality, professional installation of the additional panels. I am retired from an aviation maintenance / quality control career, so I expect quality when I higher a company for service and am very disappointed when hack preforms sub par workmanship. I have no hesitation recommending Solar Topps for your solar installation or upgrade. They are the best!
Read More
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the...
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the panels instead of getting locked into some weird lease system. Fortunately, I knew Mark Greene through work and asked his advice. He works with Solar Topps and was able to sit down with my family and clearly explain the pros and cons of different options, and give us a detailed picture of what we could expect. We decided it was a good move for us and signed up.
Once the process began, it went pretty much exactly as Mark described. The installers were very professional and efficient. They work directly for the company (not subcontractors) so the communication was quick and easy and their truck was clearly labeled Solar Topps. They left the work area clean when they were done and the black on black solar panels look very nice and modern.
The regulation process through the City of Phoenix and APS was definitely slow but at least proceeded smoothly. Solar Topps kept us informed of next steps and what to expect for a general timeline. So that part was as painless as possible.
Now that the system is turned on and running we are very satisfied with the results. The Tesla app makes everything about your power use and generation very clear. When nothing is turned on you can see the baseline power your house uses, and the when the heater or airconditioning turns on you can see the use jump up, which is informative. Also you can easily see how much power use was solar, battery, and grid along with a cost savings estimate.
So over all, I would highly recommend talking to Mark to get a good idea of what your different options are, and I would trust Solar Topps to give you a clean and efficient install and setup. Just keep in mind that your city and APS/SRP are going to take a while to inspect and approve everything. After that, enjoy making your own power, saving money and being secure from blackouts.
Read More
professional and helpful. I highly recommend this company
Great people to work with
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them...
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them for your solar.
Read More
excellent post-install care and support
Excellent support removing then replacing my solar as I had my roof redone. Very professional, on-time, cleaned up and answered all my questions.
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for...
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for our home. From the beginning in talking to our salesman, Sean, his communication was outstanding, answering our every question, even on weekends. Solar Topps worked with us in delaying our install, so it was convenient for us. The install of our adapted power box and solar panels was well done and organized. All of the workers from electricians to installers were all professional and friendly, and all made it a very pleasant experience for us. We look forward to the savings we will receive by going solar.
Read More
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the...
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the heat of 110. They even upgraded our monitor. Beyond happy with this company.
10-18-24:Great service once again, we had Microinverters installed and everything was fantastic. A month or so later one of our panels stopped charging but ST came over quickly and repaired the connector and our system works again perfectly. Mark was technician, worked like the pro he is. Hannah Cooper handled scheduling and communication with the expertise and grace of a professional customer service representative. We love ST and recommend them people who want a good ,secure,reliable company taking care of them.
Read More
Great customer service.
Experienced disruptions with solar communications. After several unsuccesful attempts to self-correct I called Solar Topps, the installer. Mike and his boss came, diagnosed problem and promptly corrected it. Covered by warranty. Should have called sooner.
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all...
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all of my questions and made me feel very comfortable about my decision to go with solar. I would recommend this company to anyone thinking about solar.
Read More
Solar Topps is a Great Solar Company. They are very prompt to answer any questions or service needed. I am very happy with my choice for Solar Topps.
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me...
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me navigate a difficult situation. Solar Topps was great with communication in terms of when the crew would be there to do the work. On the day of, the crew was prompt and extremely courteous, and always kept me informed about their progress. The job needed to be spanned out over a couple of days but I didn't mind because I knew it was being done right, no corners cut.
I needed to have my panels removed because of a roof leak situation that turned out not to be the fault of Solar Topps. Michael came to my property numerous times and even coordinated with my roofing company to help identify the source of the problem. Nobody wants to deal with a situation like this but Michael was extremely knowledgable and came to the site with a ton of experience (and patience!) to do whatever he could to help set things right. He thoroughly inspected the site at each critical step of the fixing process and always took the time to make sure I felt comfortable with the plan of action. He gave me great advice backed by years of experience, and like I said, he was on site (probably more than usual - which is why I say he went above and beyond) to make sure all was well. It has yet to rain again to make sure the reroofing (done by my roofing company) fixed the issue, but I feel confident in everything that Michael and the Solar Topps install team did for my particular situation.
I wouldn't wish a roof leak situation on anyone, it can get expensive fast and is very stressful... but I will say that Solar Topps treated me and the situation (which was lengthy and complex) well. I was always able to get ahold of someone and service was prompt. I've talked with a lot of solar companies and would still very highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in getting solar (just make sure your roof is SOLID before you put panels on!)
Read More
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my...
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my Panels was generating), so he ask me if I mind if he could disconnect so he could do some research, he called back promptly as he promised. Aneal walked me through everything that I need to do to understand how to log on the Solar Edge support site and monitor the output of my Panels. I had been at this for about a week and was about ready to give up. Thank you Aneal. I really appreciated you help.
Read More
Service is always fast and friendly.
Top class experience. Some of the micro inverters were not reporting and I left a message after hours. Got a call within an hour with resolution. Great customer oriented dedicated management and team. Highly recommend them!! Thanks Solar Topps team.
I called Solar Topps at 2:00 when I noticed my system was down and they came out quickly and it was back on before 5:00. Great job!!
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the...
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the issue. She was polite, patient and thorough. Solar Topps customer service is excellent.
Read More
Got my system up and running again.
Incredible service, great prices, super professional!
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create...
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create the final highly professional proposal, to hand holding all the way through the actual installation of the system, we have been impressed. Solar Topps is clearly a solid, honest, and very dependable resource in their category and, all things considered, we believe we received tremendous value from our transaction. We wholeheartedly recommend them to others.
Read More
System went down and received a quick response.
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great...
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great job and were the best price on the market! Would highly recommend. I’ve had my panels for 6 months now and it’s been fantastic!! May was our best month yet, our bill was $2 for a 2600 sq ft home.
Read More
Excellent staff. Was kept well informed of every step in the process.
The service technician did a great job correcting the problem.
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out...
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out to be an issue with the builder of my home not properly tightening the main service line to my service panel. In troubleshooting Solar Topps resolved the issue for me!
Read More
Had an issue with our solar and team was timely in helping get a resolution. When working with manager, he was receptive to feedback and worked to ensure all concerns were resolved.
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from...
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from start to finish to make sure our solar production loss was cut to a minimum. All work was done as promised!
Read More
Mark arrived on time and completed the service quickly. He addressed all my questions and helped me understand the nature of the problem and the fix. Thank you Mark and thanks Solar Topps for a quick response to my concern.
Excellent service. Had an issue with Solar Inverter registration with Tesla, resolved quickly and made sure that App is reflecting with the changes. Now I can see inverter in App and track the data. Thanks
Great company and I love my solar system.The sales representative was very professional and the construction crew did great work.
All around great company. Price service and the best part is the 25 year production guarantee.
Great solar company. Would recommend !
Great company. Good work, clean install, money saved!
Smooth and easy process, great company
Great company, loved working with them!
Seamless process, and easy to work with! Great team
Great company.
Best company I had come give a quote, worked with me and my timeline! Great sales man, not pushy at all!
Great customer service. I had a problem with my solar panels, and they came out the next day to fix them. Very professional and great service.
Solar Topps is always willing to help with any problem with a prompt resolution. Thanks Sashi
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing...
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing ever since!!! Highly recommended!
Read More
Good Solar company; quick customer care resolution team and friendly; definitely would recommend them to everyone
Installed last year. Very Professional, good service after install. Had some panel issues but pretty responsive and fixed those all in the next day or two. Highly recommended !
Solar Topps resolved a roof leak, one day after my very concerned phone call. Very satisfied, very reassuring. Thank you.
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting...
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting phase of the process. All worked out good!! 👍🏻
Read More
Extremely knowledgable, very patient and fixed my problem.... thank you so much for your help
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was...
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was impressed because it was a holiday weekend right before Christmas.
Read More
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated...
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated to us. Very happy that we went with Solar Topps.
Read More
Great service and very informative about the process
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not...
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not tech savvy so he helped me step by step! Thank you!
Read More
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of...
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of the installation process. They customized a solution that perfectly met my needs and budget, and I never felt pressured to make a decision.
The installation crew was professional and efficient. They arrived on time and worked diligently to install my solar system. The quality of their work was exceptional, and they paid attention to every detail to ensure a seamless integration with my roof. I was impressed by their expertise and dedication to delivering a top-notch installation.
Activating the system was a breeze, thanks to Solar Topps' guidance. They provided clear instructions and support throughout the process, making sure I understood how to monitor and maintain my solar system.
One of the reasons I chose Solar Topps was their use of top-quality panels. They offered a range of options, and I was able to select panels that suited my needs and budget. Knowing that I have high-quality panels installed gives me peace of mind about the long-term performance of my solar system.
To top it all off, Solar Topps offered the best price in Phoenix. I did my research and compared quotes from several companies, and Solar Topps came out on top in terms of value for money. I couldn't be happier with my decision to go solar with Solar Topps. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a reliable, professional, and cost-effective solar solution!
Read More
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and...
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and running! They were easy to work with and they handle all the little details with permits, the power company and our HOA. All I had to do was write 3 checks (almost painless).
Read More
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar...
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar Revolution!!!!
Read More
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this...
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this company. Thank you!
Read More
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free...
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free from your electric company and all their added fees, GO SOLAR! Also the Fed. is willing to pay for a hefty portion of your solar install, let Solar Topps come by your home and explain it all.
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process,...
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process, including city and APS inspections, took less time than estimated. I would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in installing solar panels.
Read More
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager,...
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager, Nolan, stayed in close contact and communicated above and beyond what we expected. Solar Topps completed the project ahead of schedule. Scot completed the very final steps efficiently and went beyond what we expected. We can’t say enough positive things about our experience.
Read More
Solar Topps replaced one of my panels that had been hit by a golf ball. They were very friendly and efficient
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We...
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We wanted to put the electric bill to rest. There are so many companies out there, selling solar. They use a line like “ we can save you money”. We didn’t want to just save money, we wanted our bill eliminated.
5 years later, we pay a few dollars in taxes on the bill, and get money back at end of the year. I feel bad for people that fall for the solar lease. We have a Pre-paid lease… which means we own our system, but they do any maintenance for 20 years. It is the best of both worlds. No monthly bills. No monthly lease to pay, no maintenance…The system paid for itself in less the 5 years
Read More
Solar Topps is absolutely Topps in the field. They are very helpful, efficient, and they know what they are doing. I am so grateful for all that was done for me to make this dream of mine come true!
Installed a 10KW system at our home in Mohave Valley, AZ. System performing at/above expectations. Install was done well, and installers were courteous and professional. Highly recommend.
Arnav was very helpful when I called. Thank you, Arnav.
Arnav (support) and Sean O'Brien (sales) are always fast in responding to all my questions. Solar panels come with a lot of new information and Solar Topps makes sure I am satisfied every time I call.
Solar Topps was SO awesome on the installation and continues to be OUTSTANDING in any customer service inquiry I have. I give them 5 stars for their follow-up and follow-thru. Thank you Solar Topps!
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!!...
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!! 10/10 recommend.
Read More
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams...
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams were also very good, hard working and from a customers’ perspective, informative and friendly. I was very pleased with the entire process and would recommend Solar Topps to anyone!
Read More
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure...
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure to follow up to insure all was corrected. Thank you so much, SolarTopps for all your great work!
Read More
Solar Topps is a great company to buy solar from. They have great pricing, many financing options, skilled staff, and provide excellent ongoing support. Would highly recommend.
They replaced an out of warranty inverter with a new one promptly and connected to my mySolar phone App also. Tech knew what was needed to be done. Excellent company.
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house...
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house have been courteous and very capable. Not one surprise. If a tech is going to be late they call you and let you know so you aren't left waiting. We went with a different solar company also on Energy Sage and cancelled our contract 10 days into it because we weren't getting called back, we were left hanging when techs didn't show up and they were using subcontractors. Really good decision to bail on that company and go with Solar Topps. A very low stress experience from beginning to end.
Read More
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the...
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the workers cracked a couple tiles on the roof which can happen when doing major roof work. But they had a quality inspector check everything and informed me about the broken tiles and they sent out a guy to replace them. This is nice because I have heard of other solar companies not advice that they broke some tiles. Originally they did not have the correct tiles and instead did a repair on the cracked ones while they looked for tiles that would replace them. Ended up coming out 3 times until they got a set of tiles that fit properly and they replaced them with no charge at all.
Only other issue i had was the central computer that reports system outputs not working but they also came out and replaced that no issues at all.
Overall very friendly and responsive support so far and I fully expect it will continue if I ever need to contact them again.
Read More
I love working with Solar Topps. They really care about there customers.
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps,...
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps, the firm that installed the solar back in 2017, to ask them to diagnose the problem. Shortly after one of their technicians scheduled an appointment to do a field inspection that disclosed burn marks on the two panel. A warranty application was promptly prepared by Solar Topps and forwarded to Hyundai, the panel manufacturer in Korea for approval. After prompt and persistent follow by Solar Topps an approval was granted. Two new panels were installed on my roof within 30 days of discovering the problem at no expense to me. I'm very grateful to the staff and management of Solar Topps for the hassle-free follow through and the standing behind of their warranty obligations......Tom Snyder
Read More
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always...
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always quickly followed up with any of my concerns. I was very happy to be working with them when one of my inverters needed to be replaced. Bradley and Mark were also two of the best technicians- very kind and knowledgeable! Thank you!
Read More
Couldn’t have asked for better customer service. I was kept informed every step of the way and any questions I had were quickly answer to my satisfaction. They took care of everything!
Neal reached out and assisted in resolving my issue after hours on a Sunday evening. Thank you.
Solar Topps installed our system three years ago. They were very responsive throughout the process leading up to activation. Their after installation support is professional and competent in addressing in issues with production. I recommend Solar Topps
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very...
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very well communicated and went very smooth. A couple minor things at the end of the install, that they mitigated pretty quickly. Overall would completely recommend.
Read More
They helped me out on their day off to help resolve my issue! Great customer service
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a...
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a couple EV chargers and a roof allowance to the financing, which was a great help. Thanks for making it all work. Thanks again!
Read More
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier...
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier to understand every step involved in the installation of the solar panels. Nolan, Tony, Neal, sangram, Harshad, and the installation crew were fantastic in keeping me informed during each step of the process. Whenever I had a question, I received an answer the same day. I really appreciate the work involved by every one from start to finish to make the completion of the project so quick, especially since I live in Tucson. I won't hesitate to refer them to my friends!
Read More
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan...
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan were and continue to be extremely helpful in every aspect.
Solar Topps is a Top Notch Professional Business. I am extremely happy and glad that I decided to go with them as my Solar System Installer.
Read More
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and...
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and would, instead, have a company travel from Tucson to Cave Creek.
We contacted a few local companies and also used Energy Sage online to get some quotes. Two responses from Energy Sage included Solar Topps and we're glad they did.
Solar Topps gave us a price equal to the lowest national quote and the hardware was better (Panasonic panels versus something else) and good Enphase electronics. They were also a couple thousand dollars less than another local company we had install our solar hot water heater system.
We had a signed contract with Solar Topps dated March 9 and our system was turned on and working April 12.
That, to us, is an incredibly fast turnaround for a good sized solar panel system. We had been prepared by other companies for a 90 day period of time start to finish, so to have it done in a few days more than A MONTH was a very pleasant surprise.
We didn't have to do ANY of the paperwork with Maricopa County or APS, Solar Topps took care of all of it in a painless fashion.
Solar Topps was a pleasure to work with every step of the way. Any questions were answered via phone or email VERY promptly and correctly.
An example:
Our system has panels oriented south and west. Solar Topps was the only company to come up with this option to maximize the efficiency of our system to take advantage of the peak power rates of APS by having some panels installed to maximize the efficiency of the total system in the afternoon when the sun is lower in the west. See the attached real-time report from our panels and an early billing report from APS where our first few days with the system running has APS paying US instead of vice-versa. (to be fair, the weather has been easy and the A/C hasn't been running, but... still that's pretty cool)
If you are thinking of solar and you're in the Phoenix metro area (or elsewhere, even), you should definitely give SERIOUS consideration to using local company around for a long time Solar Topps.
Seriously, DO IT!
Read More
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly...
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly and attentitivley. i have overall confidence in the product i purchaced and am happy with my new solar system. i definitley reccomend Solar Topps for cusomer service and thouroughness.
Read More
great response on issues and prompt fix thank you
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update....
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update. The estimated savings function is not available and it works very well!
Read More
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from...
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from beginning to end.
Highly recommend anyone looking at adding solar to their home to contact Solar Topps
Read More
Quick, efficient, professional. Very responsive to deal with unexpected issues.
I'm very impressed with the work that went into the design, permit and inspections. I have had it since 2015 and don't regret the decision I made.
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of...
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of contract to when panels would go "live". The company met the timeline. A few times since Sept. 2014 the software to monitor production was lost. On each occasion one phone call was made and a tech was out and I was able to again look on my laptop and see what my panels were producing. A neighbor of mine went with a competitor two weeks after I signed. I was live in Sept. 2014 and he was live in Jan. 15! I have no problem in referring people to Solar Topps. We received three bids and Solar Topps was the best price, we are very happy we went with them and have referred them to friends.
Read More
Absolutely no problems with huge electric bill savings.
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to...
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to change. After speaking to others in our community, attending seminars and crunching numbers, we felt solar panels was the way to go and Solar Topps offered us the best plan for our needs. I figured our breakeven point would be 8 plus years. We have had our solar panels for 6 years and next year they will have paid for themselves. The panels have been so maintenance free we tend to forget about them. If asked about it, I tell people I'm happy we went solar and would do it again.
Read More
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take...
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take care of me in no time. Looking forward for their new venture in solar so i can go for our new home.
Read More
Glad I chose Solar Topps. Would be so again.
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever...
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever made. I highly recommend them.
Read More
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from...
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from my perspective, the installation company was important but the components were more important. It is my opinion that Solar Topps uses only the best components.
Also, I wanted to own my system and get the federal tax credits. I did and with my reduced cost of installation, I calculate my investment will be returned in savings in between five and six years. All components are warranted at least 20 years. Having been a business owner before my retirement, that is an OK deal.
Leasing my system and making monthly payments instead of paying the utility company directly did/does not comply with my preferences.
The actual installation was very well done. It looks good and is strong. It has survived several wind storms, including the recent micro burst that took down hundreds of trees in our area and took down three large trees within 50 yards of my home. Damage to my solar system was zero.
Further, i receive monthly energy production reports that allow me to monitor my usage and savings on an ongoing basis. My energy production is actually better than our estimates were at the time of installation.
I am pleased with every aspect of the work Solar Topps did for us.
Read More
Excellent service in every way. Highly recommend Solar Tops.
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to...
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to my neighbors.
Read More
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! ...
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! This is absolutely the best customer service experience we have had out of all of the local companies that we have dealt with. We highly recommend Solar Topps.
Read More
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive,...
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive, Their sales rep. (Tony) took the time to walk me through the proposal, but was also extremely responsive through the full experience. Nearly every follow question I had was answered the same day. Even when there was an issue with the initial plan that was submitted to SRP, they quickly offered alternate options that still met my needs.
The installation was seamless, and even though we were near the end of the year, they managed to get everything done and turn on before the 2020 tax incentives expired. The system has been turned on for two months now and everything is performing as expected.
The only area of improvement I could suggest is that during the quoting process, it was not clear that they would not be installing a demand load management system (which is fairly standard) and the connections to see my house's power consumption/demand from the grid. Not a huge deal, but a little more clarity there would have been helpful, but would not have changed my mind in selecting them.
Overall I am extremely pleased with the system so far and have not had any surprises in my bills from SRP.
Read More
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to...
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to have our system up and running as quickly as we could. Joan and her team had our system turned on within 2.5 months. We were so impressed by this, especially considering all of the shut downs that were impacting our permitting and inspection timelines. But they made it happen! We are so happy to finally have our system running and helping us save money, especially when every bit counts. We will be recommending this company to all of our friends and neighbors that are considering going solar.
Read More
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the...
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the panels did everything he said it would do
Of
Read More
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up...
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up and were very respectful. We have been working with Solar Topps for several months as they went through the process of permits, electrical installation then the solar panels. We are looking forward to the rebate the Government will return. We should be up and running in 2 weeks after inspection and meter install. We recommend this reputable company.
Read More
EXcellent company. Excellent professional service. Strongly recommended.
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario...
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario showed up at the scheduled appointment. He and his crew were very professional and did a fantastic job. Thank you Solar Topps!
Read More
Had solar tops for 3 years love them
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was...
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was not affected still they followed up very professionally. Excellent Solar company.
Read More
Great company, excellent customer service!
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with...
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with his presentation and layout along with his explanation in regards to solar panels and there differences. He wasn't trying to push high-end panels down my throat like some other companies, I had already done all my own research in regards economy,standard and premium panel options. I went with the standard/economy blended panel option as i like to call it, signed my contract and left the rest up to solartopps. The process and installation took a while,longer then expected actually. I never complained,never bothered the company during this entire process I just let them do there thing. In the end they did me a solid, upgraded my panels to premium at no extra costs to me. They didn't have to do that,in fact most companies wouldn't even bother to offer it. In my personal opinion that's what separates a good company from a great company! Having said all that, can't forget about the installation crew! Splendid work boys! From the installation of panels and wiring of the box very clean, nicely done! Customer service department you ask? Excellent! I was updated via email thru the entire process,informed about each step was nice! Thank you all, I am very appreciative of all your efforts and for the upgraded panels.
Read More
Best service ever talk to a couple of solar company but noting like solar topp I love it!!!
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a...
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a question they were always available by phone. You could always talk with the owners of this company. Their installation crew was professional and competent. They paid close attention to detail and I am very please with the neatness of the installation. Solar Topps works closely with APS and our system was up and running within one week of final approval from the city. I recommend Solar Topps without reservation.
Read More
After interviewing 3 solar installation services, we selected SolarTopps. We were favorably impressed with their presentation and their responses to our questions. The installation was neat and professional, and the system is operating very effectively.
We have received your application and are in the process of reviewing the submission. Our team is excited to learn more about your qualifications and how they align with the requirements of the role. We will be in touch with further updates regarding the status of your application.
Please check your email inbox for meeting link and details.
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| __cf_bm | 1 hour | This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. |
| AWSALBCORS | 7 days | Amazon Web Services set this cookie for load balancing. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement | 1 year | Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". |
| CookieLawInfoConsent | 1 year | CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. |
| JSESSIONID | session | New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. |
| viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. |
| wpEmojiSettingsSupports | session | WordPress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a WordPress site. It helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| aka_debug | session | Vimeo sets this cookie which is essential for the website to play video functionality. |
| player | 1 year | Vimeo uses this cookie to save the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. |
| pvc_visits[0] | 2 minutes | Posts View Counter set this cookie to ensure accurate view counts on each page. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| AWSALB | 7 days | AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. |
| sync_active | never | This cookie is set by Vimeo and contains data on the visitor's video-content preferences, so that the website remembers parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _ga | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. |
| _ga_* | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. |
| vuid | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.solartopps.com/new-install/battery-only-system-installations-arizona/

Call or Text Us Today (480) 940-1201
We’ve Produced Enough Power to Offset CO2 Emissions from
14,683,144
Gallons of Gasoline Consumed
5,993,120
Propane Tanks Used for Home BBQs
15,761,905,600
Smartphones Being Charged
0.0333
Coal Power Plants Annually
0.3459
Natural Gas Power Plants Annually
Protect yourself from increasing electricity costs! A battery can charge during cheaper (off-peak) periods and discharge when electricity is most expensive. This means you can continue to save money without compromising comfort.
Grid outages are becoming more frequent due to aging infrastructure. A standalone battery can provide seamless backup power for critical appliances like refrigerators, medical devices, lights, or the internet.
No solar? No problem. Our standalone battery systems connect directly to the grid, offering flexibility and reliability that fits your unique needs. You can now stay powered and connected—no generator, no noise, no fumes.
Charge your battery from the grid when energy is cheapest and protect your home from rate hikes, peak pricing, demand fees and unpredictable power outages. Lower your utility bill and offset rising electricity costs with a battery-only energy system from Solar Topps. Whether a new installation or an addition to an existing system, we’ve got you covered.
Contact for a Free Site EvaluationAs energy needs grow and utility rates continue to rise across Arizona, many homeowners are beginning to consider battery-only energy systems as a viable alternative.
Whether you’re charging an EV, adding new air conditioners, working from home, or simply using more electricity, a battery can help provide the peace of mind you deserve. As Arizona’s most trusted battery installation experts since 2009, trust us for your battery-only system and benefit from expert engineering, flawless utility compliance, and a customer service team committed to delivering clarity, responsiveness, and real peace of mind. We bring together technical mastery and personal care to give you the best experience possible.
Our proven track record of superior engineering, high-quality installations and
excellent customer service has earned us the highest certifications in the industry.
A battery backup system stores energy from the grid with your solar panels. During a power outage or instances of high energy demand, the system switches to the stored energy. Modern battery backup solutions are equipped with intelligent monitoring and management features. These systems are scalable and can be customized to meet the specific energy needs of both Arizona residential and commercial setups.
The lifespan of solar batteries depends on several factors, including the battery type, usage patterns, and maintenance practices. Generally, most high-quality solar batteries last between 5 to 15 years. Lithium-ion batteries, which are widely used in modern energy storage systems, tend to have a longer lifespan and higher efficiency compared to traditional lead-acid batteries.
Proper charging and discharging cycles, along with protecting the battery from extreme temperatures, can significantly enhance its durability. Regular maintenance and monitoring are also essential to ensure optimal performance and prolong the battery’s operational life. When selecting a solar battery, it is crucial to consider the warranty and life expectancy provided by the manufacturer, as these can serve as indicators of the battery’s quality and reliability.
Backup duration depends on your energy consumption and the specific battery model. Typically, batteries can power essential appliances for several hours to a full day. However, it is important to note that as the battery gets older, its capacity and backup duration may decrease. Regular maintenance and monitoring of your battery system can help you anticipate any potential issues and ensure that it continues to function effectively during an outage.
To make sure your battery backup system functions during an outage, regular maintenance is key. This includes checking the charge level of your batteries periodically and replacing them as needed. It’s also important to keep the batteries clean and free from debris or corrosion.
Furthermore, it’s crucial to have a qualified professional like Solar Topps inspect and service your battery backup system every year.
Our team provides clear, transparent and honest answers and pricing to
help you know which products make the most sense.
Very good customer service, took the time to answer all questions and followed up every step of the way. Installers and technicians were so polite and detail oriented
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new...
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new inverter and the system is up and running. Much better system than before with an even better monitoring system and App. Solar Topps employees are very professional and their follow up and communications are great as well. Thank you Solar Topps!!!
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will...
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will definitely recommend them!
Read More
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they...
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they met the timeline they quoted. I am happy with the system performance and I would highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone looking to install a new solar system.
Read More
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time...
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time and they set them all up for us. One Powerwall we got didn't work on activation and the owner was at our house, on the phone with Tesla who authorized a replacement - which was done within 2 hrs of finding out it wasn't working. Nothing but good things to say about them. Definitely recommend.
Read More
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch....
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch. I wholeheartedly recommend them.
Read More
Great communication. Awesome job!
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was...
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was no affect to actual production to the grid or for home use). Called Solar Topps support and they worked with me to verify that the gateway had indeed failed and a repair appointment was made to replace it. Service technician was prompt and very knowledgeable regarding the repair. Overall from contacting support to repair work, I am very pleased that I chose Solar Topps for my system and their commitment to long term service and warranty work. I highly recommend this company for anyone desiring a solar
plant installation for their home or business.
Read More
The Solar Topps team is very knowledgeable, professional and customer service driven. I highly recommend them!
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar....
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar. They are extremely professional and delivered in the anticipated timeframe. Their customer service is great!!
Read More
Solar Topps did a great job designing my system. I've had it for about a month now and I have nothing bad to say about the company, their employees or the product.
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an...
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an issue reaching someone when we had questions and their service was fantastic. They showed up when they said they would and they did what they said they would do. Their field personnel from their electricians, to the panel install crew, to the engineer that came out to answer questions and walk us thru the app were the best. SolarTopps made the entire process painless and I cannot say enough good things about them. They are your choice for solar. Thank you SolarTopps!!!
Read More
Professionals all the way around. Made sure that nothing ever sat around waiting on them. Clean, solid work.
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made...
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made the entire experience seamless. Highly recommend this local company!
Read More
Very attentive, excellent communication.
The team put together a fantastic system for my household. They were friendly, and professional when talking with them. And they provided updates throughout the whole process
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t...
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t think I waited more than an hour for a response to any email or text message I sent during this process over the last three months. I found them by contacting a solar info specialist named Zak Alomari was so knowledgeable and authentic that I felt comfortable with his recommendations from the start. He was the one who recommended Solar Topps and said he wouldn’t recommend anyone else after doing this for many years because they are so far above anyone else, it’s not even close. He was right…all the way. Thank you Zak. The installation team was extremely professional, kind, and neat. The quality of the install was exceptional. I’m very detailed oriented in my personality and my job, and I noticed all the attention to detail the team took in the whole process. When we designed the system, it was clearly laid out, and we talked through several scenarios of how I might want to use it in the future or expand it so we could get it nailed down perfectly. One of the things I noticed, because I like things clean, neat and organized is the laser engraved labels on all of the elements of the electrical boxes. I did not expect this, but it makes the system’s value even higher. If/when we sell our home in the future, this adds even more value to the system. I cannot recommend them highly enough. I pay attention to service because it means a lot to me, and these guys hit it out of the park. Well done and thank you. -John E (Paradise Valley,AZ)
Read More
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly...
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly communicated each step of the way and set clear expectations on timelines.
Never realized what a complex space getting solar is. The actual install itself took 3 days (battery, conduit, electrical panel upgrade and solar panels) but the permitting, inspections and approvals were the long haul which took around 90 days - again, I didn't have to do anything. Solar Topps took care of the whole experience.
Thanks to Mark, Jesus and the installer team, Raj and Nitish for excellent communication and workmanship.
If you're curious about solar, my recommendation would be go as big as you can with your budget in terms of panel array and definitely consider a Powerwall. Given our past APS bills, our current system will pay for itself in 6 years. Thanks again Solar Topps!
Read More
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their...
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their efforts!
Read More
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I...
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I would have encountered Solar Topps when I installed the solar system because their customer service is just simply outstanding!
Read More
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar...
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar Topps came out and did the repair and charged me zero dollars.
Read More
It was excellent working with SolarTopps. The communication was frequent, timely, and clear throughout the process. The technicians arrived on time and communicated each step of the way. I’m extremely satisfied with their work.
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running...
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running smoothly and efficiently. It was a smart purchase.
Read More
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually...
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually called me to go over the Tesla app and make sure everything was dialed in. We highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone interested in getting solar.
Read More
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very...
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very pleased with Solar Topps and would highly recommend the company to anyone who values honesty, great customer service and good workmanship.
Read More
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything...
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything went smoothly from start to finish, and the system has been running perfectly. It’s rare to find a company this professional and dependable these days. Highly recommend them to anyone thinking about getting solar!
Read More
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were...
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were never here. Worth giving them your Solar needs project.
Read More
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from...
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from different companies. Solar Topps wasn't the cheapest, but it was truly one of the few that was local to the valley. This was important to have a local company involved and not a company that is nationwide using a contractor. One thing I learned fast is that ALL Solar Topps employees live here in the valley. Solar Topps turned out to be the best. Very organized and helpful. Also, Solar Topps designed the best system they could using APS bills. But really, they need more information to dial the system in to your usage. So do your homework and stop blaming them because you didnt give them all the pcs of the puzzle.
Also, when you're new to Solar, the customer has to define their goals to help them. I thought I knew what my goals were. I later learned my goal has changed. I started with a 50-panel 20Kwh system with 1 Powerwall 3 whole-home backup battery. I thought I would never have to buy power from APS again. It wasn't till I started going day by day at my usage and pulling my after-hours, meaning no solar production to see just how many batteries I really need to achieve this. Most people don't know this data.
This process can take longer than expected. Everything that I encountered with delays had nothing to do with them. But I blamed them in the moment. They listened and never got upset with me.
In the end, I was happy with the system they designed based on the info I gave them. After installing, my goals started changing, and I dug deep into usage. Put an energy monitor in my main panel on every circuit to see what uses what in the house. I then changed what I could to lower the usage.
I now have added 2 more Tesla Powerwall expansion batteries. I use zero power from APS and sell them nearly 4 bucks a day in power. It's nice to get paid by them and not pay them. Also, they can raise the rates all they want.t I don't use their power anymore.
Thanks, Niel, Sean, Robby, Summy, Mike, Gaurav
I have turned into a total solar geek. Thanks Solar Topps!!!!
Read More
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would...
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would not bring up my wifi. I told him I would figure it out later. He said he would check back with me to make sure I got connected. A few days later the same guy called back and got me up and running. I'm so greatful for his knowledge and patience.
Read More
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but...
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but also on quality of products.
Read More
Fixed problem quickly.
They help me with the connection issue I had and everything worked out great. Thanks for being so helpful and thanks for doing it quickly and considerably. Great job.
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and...
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and gave me great customer service. I am super happy with solar tops and would recommend them to anyone who has any type of solar needs.
Read More
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less...
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less than one day and everything was done flawless.
Read More
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and...
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and called, texted, and emailed me with each step of the process. I highly recommend SolarTopps for anyone interested in a solar energy system.
Read More
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my...
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my first two APS bills for May and June with an electric vehicle charging in a 2100 sq ft. Home for $31 and $28. They answered all my calls and followed thru with all plans. I would recommend to all my family and friends and in fact I have. Thanks again! I did my homework and it paid off.
Read More
Great company! I've had Solar Topps systems on two separate homes and have had great experiences with both. Any issue I've had has been promptly identified and addressed by them. Would highly recommend.
The customer support at Solar Topps is top notch. They helped me by walking through the process to reset my system and continued to monitor my unit until it was fixed. They are very responsive to any request for assistance.
Sean is very engaging, great customer service, answering questions and trying to help make the best choice wether it is with them or not he still wants to make sure your fully informed.
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to...
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to work with, and follow through with what they say they are going to do. Highly recommended.
Read More
It was great working with solartopps. Solar Topps did an incredible job with our solar installation! Their team was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient from start to finish. The process was seamless, with clear communication.
customer service is fantastic.........GAURAV is an excellent empoyee. helped me to restore my solar pannel production working on timely and efficient with profassinal manner
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be...
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be around for us whenever we would need them.
Read More
Had inverter replaced, great service.
Solar Topps did a great job with their proposal, which was very competitive. They worked hard getting our solar installed and up and running. Highly recommend this company.
Great service, this company stands behind their product and service is terrific. I would recommend Solar Topps for anyone considering going solar.
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery...
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery had a problem due to an error on my side and they contacted me within the same day to let me know the system was off, although I was able to restore power myself they still sent a technician out to check my system and make sure everything was ok. This company is great and goes above and beyond for their customers!
Read More
Great communication through the process. Team was neat, clean and efficient without any inconvenience. Final connection set up by Neal was thorough and timely.
Excellent customer service. Answered all of my questions, worked with me to set up the Enlighten monitoring solar production app and explained everything simply for me without “jargon”
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many...
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many panels needed, gave me different pricing options and were super patient with all my questions. I did a lot of research on Solar Companies and these guys were the only ones that didn't seem like slime balls just trying to make a sale. If you are looking for Solar you can't go wrong with these guys!
Read More
Outstanding service by team SolarTopps. Great work ethics and focus on client’s needs. I wish great success for this company! I loved the professionalism of Gaurav. 5* (5 star) performer!!
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There...
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There were many steps and everyone at Solar Topps was professional and customer oriented. Special recognition to Zak, my sales rep, John, the electrician who installed the panel upgrade and inverter, and Alex (I hope I remembered that right) and another tech who did the rooftop panel installation. They were fast, efficient, did a clean, attractive job and communicated well.
Read More
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking...
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking forward to reduced costs in electricity and having electricity when any issues come up with the grid.
Read More
Great customer service!
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of...
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of the system! He was very personable very knowledgeable and I appreciate his outstanding customer service! I highly recommend solar tops and I'm not an easy one to convince on anything...
Read More
Solar Topps is fantastic! Everything from the initial install to to follow up questions. This is a top notch company with first class customer support.
This company has not only great customer service but the materials used for the solar equipment is the best. There workmanship was great no complaints whatsoever
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect....
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect. I highly recommend Solar Topps. This is the second time I have had a solar installation and the first time was through a company through Costco and hands-down Solar Topps is a way better company with a lot better customer service. They did not cut corners or sell me cheap equipment. I’m extremely happy with the product they gave me.
Read More
Solar Topps was amazing and very responsive. They kept me updated throughout the entire process. Definitely recommend this Solar company since they are local and have been in the industry for a long time.
Extremely helpful every step of the way. To the salesman to the installers to the technicians who turned on the system.
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also...
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also have an EV that would need to be charged. Solar Topps was able to take our input of what we wanted (100% offset of electricity) and our general life style to come up with a system size to meet our needs. They even suggested that we not put all of the solar panels on the south facing roof but rather put some on our west facing roof to take advantage of the late afternoon sun to help in the summer months when TEP rate is the highest. They worked with us on every step of the process from permitting though final “Permission To Operate” (PTO) from TEP electric company. They had a very completive bid and completed the project in a reasonable time frame. We would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone that was interest in getting solar installed on their home.
Read More
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar...
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar companies are hit and run with sales people; SolarTopps is real.
Read More
Technician’s were great, staff provided updates in a timely manner
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps...
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps facility and took the time to explain every detail of their operations.
What stood out the most was their commitment to excellence. Every part of their business, from the equipment they use to their carefully thought-out practices, reflects their dedication to the highest standards. Robby’s in-depth explanations about how their processes benefit customers gave me complete confidence in their expertise and integrity.
If you’re considering solar in Phoenix, Solar Topps is the clear choice. They combine cutting edge technology with meticulous attention to detail and exceptional customer service. I wouldn’t trust or recommend anyone else!
Read More
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout...
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout the process. Overall, a great experience with Solar Topps; they definitely know their business!
Read More
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If...
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If you are in Arizona, don’t sub your work to an out of State group. These folks, sales, design, install and support are all employed by Solar Topps in Phoenix, AZ. No sub contractors. I’m very happy with the whole process. Watching my meter spin backwards as we speak!
Read More
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality...
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality of work has been outstanding, and they have shown up as scheduled.. All workers have been courteous and respectful, and responses to questions/issues timely.
In a world full of scammers and less than ethical fly-by- night outfits, Solar Topps has been board and ethical. I would recommend to friends.
Read More
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality,...
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality, professional installation of the additional panels. I am retired from an aviation maintenance / quality control career, so I expect quality when I higher a company for service and am very disappointed when hack preforms sub par workmanship. I have no hesitation recommending Solar Topps for your solar installation or upgrade. They are the best!
Read More
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the...
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the panels instead of getting locked into some weird lease system. Fortunately, I knew Mark Greene through work and asked his advice. He works with Solar Topps and was able to sit down with my family and clearly explain the pros and cons of different options, and give us a detailed picture of what we could expect. We decided it was a good move for us and signed up.
Once the process began, it went pretty much exactly as Mark described. The installers were very professional and efficient. They work directly for the company (not subcontractors) so the communication was quick and easy and their truck was clearly labeled Solar Topps. They left the work area clean when they were done and the black on black solar panels look very nice and modern.
The regulation process through the City of Phoenix and APS was definitely slow but at least proceeded smoothly. Solar Topps kept us informed of next steps and what to expect for a general timeline. So that part was as painless as possible.
Now that the system is turned on and running we are very satisfied with the results. The Tesla app makes everything about your power use and generation very clear. When nothing is turned on you can see the baseline power your house uses, and the when the heater or airconditioning turns on you can see the use jump up, which is informative. Also you can easily see how much power use was solar, battery, and grid along with a cost savings estimate.
So over all, I would highly recommend talking to Mark to get a good idea of what your different options are, and I would trust Solar Topps to give you a clean and efficient install and setup. Just keep in mind that your city and APS/SRP are going to take a while to inspect and approve everything. After that, enjoy making your own power, saving money and being secure from blackouts.
Read More
professional and helpful. I highly recommend this company
Great people to work with
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them...
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them for your solar.
Read More
excellent post-install care and support
Excellent support removing then replacing my solar as I had my roof redone. Very professional, on-time, cleaned up and answered all my questions.
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for...
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for our home. From the beginning in talking to our salesman, Sean, his communication was outstanding, answering our every question, even on weekends. Solar Topps worked with us in delaying our install, so it was convenient for us. The install of our adapted power box and solar panels was well done and organized. All of the workers from electricians to installers were all professional and friendly, and all made it a very pleasant experience for us. We look forward to the savings we will receive by going solar.
Read More
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the...
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the heat of 110. They even upgraded our monitor. Beyond happy with this company.
10-18-24:Great service once again, we had Microinverters installed and everything was fantastic. A month or so later one of our panels stopped charging but ST came over quickly and repaired the connector and our system works again perfectly. Mark was technician, worked like the pro he is. Hannah Cooper handled scheduling and communication with the expertise and grace of a professional customer service representative. We love ST and recommend them people who want a good ,secure,reliable company taking care of them.
Read More
Great customer service.
Experienced disruptions with solar communications. After several unsuccesful attempts to self-correct I called Solar Topps, the installer. Mike and his boss came, diagnosed problem and promptly corrected it. Covered by warranty. Should have called sooner.
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all...
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all of my questions and made me feel very comfortable about my decision to go with solar. I would recommend this company to anyone thinking about solar.
Read More
Solar Topps is a Great Solar Company. They are very prompt to answer any questions or service needed. I am very happy with my choice for Solar Topps.
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me...
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me navigate a difficult situation. Solar Topps was great with communication in terms of when the crew would be there to do the work. On the day of, the crew was prompt and extremely courteous, and always kept me informed about their progress. The job needed to be spanned out over a couple of days but I didn't mind because I knew it was being done right, no corners cut.
I needed to have my panels removed because of a roof leak situation that turned out not to be the fault of Solar Topps. Michael came to my property numerous times and even coordinated with my roofing company to help identify the source of the problem. Nobody wants to deal with a situation like this but Michael was extremely knowledgable and came to the site with a ton of experience (and patience!) to do whatever he could to help set things right. He thoroughly inspected the site at each critical step of the fixing process and always took the time to make sure I felt comfortable with the plan of action. He gave me great advice backed by years of experience, and like I said, he was on site (probably more than usual - which is why I say he went above and beyond) to make sure all was well. It has yet to rain again to make sure the reroofing (done by my roofing company) fixed the issue, but I feel confident in everything that Michael and the Solar Topps install team did for my particular situation.
I wouldn't wish a roof leak situation on anyone, it can get expensive fast and is very stressful... but I will say that Solar Topps treated me and the situation (which was lengthy and complex) well. I was always able to get ahold of someone and service was prompt. I've talked with a lot of solar companies and would still very highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in getting solar (just make sure your roof is SOLID before you put panels on!)
Read More
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my...
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my Panels was generating), so he ask me if I mind if he could disconnect so he could do some research, he called back promptly as he promised. Aneal walked me through everything that I need to do to understand how to log on the Solar Edge support site and monitor the output of my Panels. I had been at this for about a week and was about ready to give up. Thank you Aneal. I really appreciated you help.
Read More
Service is always fast and friendly.
Top class experience. Some of the micro inverters were not reporting and I left a message after hours. Got a call within an hour with resolution. Great customer oriented dedicated management and team. Highly recommend them!! Thanks Solar Topps team.
I called Solar Topps at 2:00 when I noticed my system was down and they came out quickly and it was back on before 5:00. Great job!!
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the...
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the issue. She was polite, patient and thorough. Solar Topps customer service is excellent.
Read More
Got my system up and running again.
Incredible service, great prices, super professional!
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create...
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create the final highly professional proposal, to hand holding all the way through the actual installation of the system, we have been impressed. Solar Topps is clearly a solid, honest, and very dependable resource in their category and, all things considered, we believe we received tremendous value from our transaction. We wholeheartedly recommend them to others.
Read More
System went down and received a quick response.
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great...
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great job and were the best price on the market! Would highly recommend. I’ve had my panels for 6 months now and it’s been fantastic!! May was our best month yet, our bill was $2 for a 2600 sq ft home.
Read More
Excellent staff. Was kept well informed of every step in the process.
The service technician did a great job correcting the problem.
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out...
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out to be an issue with the builder of my home not properly tightening the main service line to my service panel. In troubleshooting Solar Topps resolved the issue for me!
Read More
Had an issue with our solar and team was timely in helping get a resolution. When working with manager, he was receptive to feedback and worked to ensure all concerns were resolved.
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from...
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from start to finish to make sure our solar production loss was cut to a minimum. All work was done as promised!
Read More
Mark arrived on time and completed the service quickly. He addressed all my questions and helped me understand the nature of the problem and the fix. Thank you Mark and thanks Solar Topps for a quick response to my concern.
Excellent service. Had an issue with Solar Inverter registration with Tesla, resolved quickly and made sure that App is reflecting with the changes. Now I can see inverter in App and track the data. Thanks
Great company and I love my solar system.The sales representative was very professional and the construction crew did great work.
All around great company. Price service and the best part is the 25 year production guarantee.
Great solar company. Would recommend !
Great company. Good work, clean install, money saved!
Smooth and easy process, great company
Great company, loved working with them!
Seamless process, and easy to work with! Great team
Great company.
Best company I had come give a quote, worked with me and my timeline! Great sales man, not pushy at all!
Great customer service. I had a problem with my solar panels, and they came out the next day to fix them. Very professional and great service.
Solar Topps is always willing to help with any problem with a prompt resolution. Thanks Sashi
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing...
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing ever since!!! Highly recommended!
Read More
Good Solar company; quick customer care resolution team and friendly; definitely would recommend them to everyone
Installed last year. Very Professional, good service after install. Had some panel issues but pretty responsive and fixed those all in the next day or two. Highly recommended !
Solar Topps resolved a roof leak, one day after my very concerned phone call. Very satisfied, very reassuring. Thank you.
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting...
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting phase of the process. All worked out good!! 👍🏻
Read More
Extremely knowledgable, very patient and fixed my problem.... thank you so much for your help
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was...
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was impressed because it was a holiday weekend right before Christmas.
Read More
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated...
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated to us. Very happy that we went with Solar Topps.
Read More
Great service and very informative about the process
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not...
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not tech savvy so he helped me step by step! Thank you!
Read More
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of...
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of the installation process. They customized a solution that perfectly met my needs and budget, and I never felt pressured to make a decision.
The installation crew was professional and efficient. They arrived on time and worked diligently to install my solar system. The quality of their work was exceptional, and they paid attention to every detail to ensure a seamless integration with my roof. I was impressed by their expertise and dedication to delivering a top-notch installation.
Activating the system was a breeze, thanks to Solar Topps' guidance. They provided clear instructions and support throughout the process, making sure I understood how to monitor and maintain my solar system.
One of the reasons I chose Solar Topps was their use of top-quality panels. They offered a range of options, and I was able to select panels that suited my needs and budget. Knowing that I have high-quality panels installed gives me peace of mind about the long-term performance of my solar system.
To top it all off, Solar Topps offered the best price in Phoenix. I did my research and compared quotes from several companies, and Solar Topps came out on top in terms of value for money. I couldn't be happier with my decision to go solar with Solar Topps. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a reliable, professional, and cost-effective solar solution!
Read More
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and...
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and running! They were easy to work with and they handle all the little details with permits, the power company and our HOA. All I had to do was write 3 checks (almost painless).
Read More
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar...
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar Revolution!!!!
Read More
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this...
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this company. Thank you!
Read More
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free...
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free from your electric company and all their added fees, GO SOLAR! Also the Fed. is willing to pay for a hefty portion of your solar install, let Solar Topps come by your home and explain it all.
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process,...
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process, including city and APS inspections, took less time than estimated. I would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in installing solar panels.
Read More
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager,...
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager, Nolan, stayed in close contact and communicated above and beyond what we expected. Solar Topps completed the project ahead of schedule. Scot completed the very final steps efficiently and went beyond what we expected. We can’t say enough positive things about our experience.
Read More
Solar Topps replaced one of my panels that had been hit by a golf ball. They were very friendly and efficient
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We...
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We wanted to put the electric bill to rest. There are so many companies out there, selling solar. They use a line like “ we can save you money”. We didn’t want to just save money, we wanted our bill eliminated.
5 years later, we pay a few dollars in taxes on the bill, and get money back at end of the year. I feel bad for people that fall for the solar lease. We have a Pre-paid lease… which means we own our system, but they do any maintenance for 20 years. It is the best of both worlds. No monthly bills. No monthly lease to pay, no maintenance…The system paid for itself in less the 5 years
Read More
Solar Topps is absolutely Topps in the field. They are very helpful, efficient, and they know what they are doing. I am so grateful for all that was done for me to make this dream of mine come true!
Installed a 10KW system at our home in Mohave Valley, AZ. System performing at/above expectations. Install was done well, and installers were courteous and professional. Highly recommend.
Arnav was very helpful when I called. Thank you, Arnav.
Arnav (support) and Sean O'Brien (sales) are always fast in responding to all my questions. Solar panels come with a lot of new information and Solar Topps makes sure I am satisfied every time I call.
Solar Topps was SO awesome on the installation and continues to be OUTSTANDING in any customer service inquiry I have. I give them 5 stars for their follow-up and follow-thru. Thank you Solar Topps!
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!!...
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!! 10/10 recommend.
Read More
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams...
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams were also very good, hard working and from a customers’ perspective, informative and friendly. I was very pleased with the entire process and would recommend Solar Topps to anyone!
Read More
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure...
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure to follow up to insure all was corrected. Thank you so much, SolarTopps for all your great work!
Read More
Solar Topps is a great company to buy solar from. They have great pricing, many financing options, skilled staff, and provide excellent ongoing support. Would highly recommend.
They replaced an out of warranty inverter with a new one promptly and connected to my mySolar phone App also. Tech knew what was needed to be done. Excellent company.
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house...
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house have been courteous and very capable. Not one surprise. If a tech is going to be late they call you and let you know so you aren't left waiting. We went with a different solar company also on Energy Sage and cancelled our contract 10 days into it because we weren't getting called back, we were left hanging when techs didn't show up and they were using subcontractors. Really good decision to bail on that company and go with Solar Topps. A very low stress experience from beginning to end.
Read More
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the...
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the workers cracked a couple tiles on the roof which can happen when doing major roof work. But they had a quality inspector check everything and informed me about the broken tiles and they sent out a guy to replace them. This is nice because I have heard of other solar companies not advice that they broke some tiles. Originally they did not have the correct tiles and instead did a repair on the cracked ones while they looked for tiles that would replace them. Ended up coming out 3 times until they got a set of tiles that fit properly and they replaced them with no charge at all.
Only other issue i had was the central computer that reports system outputs not working but they also came out and replaced that no issues at all.
Overall very friendly and responsive support so far and I fully expect it will continue if I ever need to contact them again.
Read More
I love working with Solar Topps. They really care about there customers.
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps,...
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps, the firm that installed the solar back in 2017, to ask them to diagnose the problem. Shortly after one of their technicians scheduled an appointment to do a field inspection that disclosed burn marks on the two panel. A warranty application was promptly prepared by Solar Topps and forwarded to Hyundai, the panel manufacturer in Korea for approval. After prompt and persistent follow by Solar Topps an approval was granted. Two new panels were installed on my roof within 30 days of discovering the problem at no expense to me. I'm very grateful to the staff and management of Solar Topps for the hassle-free follow through and the standing behind of their warranty obligations......Tom Snyder
Read More
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always...
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always quickly followed up with any of my concerns. I was very happy to be working with them when one of my inverters needed to be replaced. Bradley and Mark were also two of the best technicians- very kind and knowledgeable! Thank you!
Read More
Couldn’t have asked for better customer service. I was kept informed every step of the way and any questions I had were quickly answer to my satisfaction. They took care of everything!
Neal reached out and assisted in resolving my issue after hours on a Sunday evening. Thank you.
Solar Topps installed our system three years ago. They were very responsive throughout the process leading up to activation. Their after installation support is professional and competent in addressing in issues with production. I recommend Solar Topps
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very...
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very well communicated and went very smooth. A couple minor things at the end of the install, that they mitigated pretty quickly. Overall would completely recommend.
Read More
They helped me out on their day off to help resolve my issue! Great customer service
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a...
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a couple EV chargers and a roof allowance to the financing, which was a great help. Thanks for making it all work. Thanks again!
Read More
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier...
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier to understand every step involved in the installation of the solar panels. Nolan, Tony, Neal, sangram, Harshad, and the installation crew were fantastic in keeping me informed during each step of the process. Whenever I had a question, I received an answer the same day. I really appreciate the work involved by every one from start to finish to make the completion of the project so quick, especially since I live in Tucson. I won't hesitate to refer them to my friends!
Read More
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan...
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan were and continue to be extremely helpful in every aspect.
Solar Topps is a Top Notch Professional Business. I am extremely happy and glad that I decided to go with them as my Solar System Installer.
Read More
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and...
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and would, instead, have a company travel from Tucson to Cave Creek.
We contacted a few local companies and also used Energy Sage online to get some quotes. Two responses from Energy Sage included Solar Topps and we're glad they did.
Solar Topps gave us a price equal to the lowest national quote and the hardware was better (Panasonic panels versus something else) and good Enphase electronics. They were also a couple thousand dollars less than another local company we had install our solar hot water heater system.
We had a signed contract with Solar Topps dated March 9 and our system was turned on and working April 12.
That, to us, is an incredibly fast turnaround for a good sized solar panel system. We had been prepared by other companies for a 90 day period of time start to finish, so to have it done in a few days more than A MONTH was a very pleasant surprise.
We didn't have to do ANY of the paperwork with Maricopa County or APS, Solar Topps took care of all of it in a painless fashion.
Solar Topps was a pleasure to work with every step of the way. Any questions were answered via phone or email VERY promptly and correctly.
An example:
Our system has panels oriented south and west. Solar Topps was the only company to come up with this option to maximize the efficiency of our system to take advantage of the peak power rates of APS by having some panels installed to maximize the efficiency of the total system in the afternoon when the sun is lower in the west. See the attached real-time report from our panels and an early billing report from APS where our first few days with the system running has APS paying US instead of vice-versa. (to be fair, the weather has been easy and the A/C hasn't been running, but... still that's pretty cool)
If you are thinking of solar and you're in the Phoenix metro area (or elsewhere, even), you should definitely give SERIOUS consideration to using local company around for a long time Solar Topps.
Seriously, DO IT!
Read More
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly...
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly and attentitivley. i have overall confidence in the product i purchaced and am happy with my new solar system. i definitley reccomend Solar Topps for cusomer service and thouroughness.
Read More
great response on issues and prompt fix thank you
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update....
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update. The estimated savings function is not available and it works very well!
Read More
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from...
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from beginning to end.
Highly recommend anyone looking at adding solar to their home to contact Solar Topps
Read More
Quick, efficient, professional. Very responsive to deal with unexpected issues.
I'm very impressed with the work that went into the design, permit and inspections. I have had it since 2015 and don't regret the decision I made.
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of...
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of contract to when panels would go "live". The company met the timeline. A few times since Sept. 2014 the software to monitor production was lost. On each occasion one phone call was made and a tech was out and I was able to again look on my laptop and see what my panels were producing. A neighbor of mine went with a competitor two weeks after I signed. I was live in Sept. 2014 and he was live in Jan. 15! I have no problem in referring people to Solar Topps. We received three bids and Solar Topps was the best price, we are very happy we went with them and have referred them to friends.
Read More
Absolutely no problems with huge electric bill savings.
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to...
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to change. After speaking to others in our community, attending seminars and crunching numbers, we felt solar panels was the way to go and Solar Topps offered us the best plan for our needs. I figured our breakeven point would be 8 plus years. We have had our solar panels for 6 years and next year they will have paid for themselves. The panels have been so maintenance free we tend to forget about them. If asked about it, I tell people I'm happy we went solar and would do it again.
Read More
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take...
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take care of me in no time. Looking forward for their new venture in solar so i can go for our new home.
Read More
Glad I chose Solar Topps. Would be so again.
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever...
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever made. I highly recommend them.
Read More
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from...
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from my perspective, the installation company was important but the components were more important. It is my opinion that Solar Topps uses only the best components.
Also, I wanted to own my system and get the federal tax credits. I did and with my reduced cost of installation, I calculate my investment will be returned in savings in between five and six years. All components are warranted at least 20 years. Having been a business owner before my retirement, that is an OK deal.
Leasing my system and making monthly payments instead of paying the utility company directly did/does not comply with my preferences.
The actual installation was very well done. It looks good and is strong. It has survived several wind storms, including the recent micro burst that took down hundreds of trees in our area and took down three large trees within 50 yards of my home. Damage to my solar system was zero.
Further, i receive monthly energy production reports that allow me to monitor my usage and savings on an ongoing basis. My energy production is actually better than our estimates were at the time of installation.
I am pleased with every aspect of the work Solar Topps did for us.
Read More
Excellent service in every way. Highly recommend Solar Tops.
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to...
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to my neighbors.
Read More
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! ...
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! This is absolutely the best customer service experience we have had out of all of the local companies that we have dealt with. We highly recommend Solar Topps.
Read More
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive,...
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive, Their sales rep. (Tony) took the time to walk me through the proposal, but was also extremely responsive through the full experience. Nearly every follow question I had was answered the same day. Even when there was an issue with the initial plan that was submitted to SRP, they quickly offered alternate options that still met my needs.
The installation was seamless, and even though we were near the end of the year, they managed to get everything done and turn on before the 2020 tax incentives expired. The system has been turned on for two months now and everything is performing as expected.
The only area of improvement I could suggest is that during the quoting process, it was not clear that they would not be installing a demand load management system (which is fairly standard) and the connections to see my house's power consumption/demand from the grid. Not a huge deal, but a little more clarity there would have been helpful, but would not have changed my mind in selecting them.
Overall I am extremely pleased with the system so far and have not had any surprises in my bills from SRP.
Read More
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to...
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to have our system up and running as quickly as we could. Joan and her team had our system turned on within 2.5 months. We were so impressed by this, especially considering all of the shut downs that were impacting our permitting and inspection timelines. But they made it happen! We are so happy to finally have our system running and helping us save money, especially when every bit counts. We will be recommending this company to all of our friends and neighbors that are considering going solar.
Read More
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the...
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the panels did everything he said it would do
Of
Read More
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up...
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up and were very respectful. We have been working with Solar Topps for several months as they went through the process of permits, electrical installation then the solar panels. We are looking forward to the rebate the Government will return. We should be up and running in 2 weeks after inspection and meter install. We recommend this reputable company.
Read More
EXcellent company. Excellent professional service. Strongly recommended.
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario...
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario showed up at the scheduled appointment. He and his crew were very professional and did a fantastic job. Thank you Solar Topps!
Read More
Had solar tops for 3 years love them
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was...
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was not affected still they followed up very professionally. Excellent Solar company.
Read More
Great company, excellent customer service!
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with...
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with his presentation and layout along with his explanation in regards to solar panels and there differences. He wasn't trying to push high-end panels down my throat like some other companies, I had already done all my own research in regards economy,standard and premium panel options. I went with the standard/economy blended panel option as i like to call it, signed my contract and left the rest up to solartopps. The process and installation took a while,longer then expected actually. I never complained,never bothered the company during this entire process I just let them do there thing. In the end they did me a solid, upgraded my panels to premium at no extra costs to me. They didn't have to do that,in fact most companies wouldn't even bother to offer it. In my personal opinion that's what separates a good company from a great company! Having said all that, can't forget about the installation crew! Splendid work boys! From the installation of panels and wiring of the box very clean, nicely done! Customer service department you ask? Excellent! I was updated via email thru the entire process,informed about each step was nice! Thank you all, I am very appreciative of all your efforts and for the upgraded panels.
Read More
Best service ever talk to a couple of solar company but noting like solar topp I love it!!!
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a...
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a question they were always available by phone. You could always talk with the owners of this company. Their installation crew was professional and competent. They paid close attention to detail and I am very please with the neatness of the installation. Solar Topps works closely with APS and our system was up and running within one week of final approval from the city. I recommend Solar Topps without reservation.
Read More
After interviewing 3 solar installation services, we selected SolarTopps. We were favorably impressed with their presentation and their responses to our questions. The installation was neat and professional, and the system is operating very effectively.
We have received your application and are in the process of reviewing the submission. Our team is excited to learn more about your qualifications and how they align with the requirements of the role. We will be in touch with further updates regarding the status of your application.
Please check your email inbox for meeting link and details.
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| __cf_bm | 1 hour | This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. |
| AWSALBCORS | 7 days | Amazon Web Services set this cookie for load balancing. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement | 1 year | Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". |
| CookieLawInfoConsent | 1 year | CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. |
| JSESSIONID | session | New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. |
| viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. |
| wpEmojiSettingsSupports | session | WordPress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a WordPress site. It helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| aka_debug | session | Vimeo sets this cookie which is essential for the website to play video functionality. |
| player | 1 year | Vimeo uses this cookie to save the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. |
| pvc_visits[0] | 2 minutes | Posts View Counter set this cookie to ensure accurate view counts on each page. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| AWSALB | 7 days | AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. |
| sync_active | never | This cookie is set by Vimeo and contains data on the visitor's video-content preferences, so that the website remembers parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _ga | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. |
| _ga_* | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. |
| vuid | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.solartopps.com/existing-system/adding-solar-panels-arizona/

Call or Text Us Today (480) 940-1201
We’ve Produced Enough Power to Offset CO2 Emissions from
14,683,144
Gallons of Gasoline Consumed
5,993,120
Propane Tanks Used for Home BBQs
15,761,905,600
Smartphones Being Charged
0.0333
Coal Power Plants Annually
0.3459
Natural Gas Power Plants Annually
Look at your household’s current electricity needs — including everyday usage and new demands like electric vehicle (EV) charging. If your energy use is rising (or you expect it will), adding panels can help you keep pace without relying more on the grid.
Compare how much power your current system produces to how much you use. If there’s a gap — especially during peak hours — extra panels can help you cover the difference and avoid costly utility power.
Adding panels to an existing system is typically far more cost-effective than installing a brand-new setup. Plus state incentives and utility rebates can significantly reduce your out-of-pocket expense.
Every year, utilities raise their rates. Expanding your solar system now locks in more of your own power production and protects you from future price hikes — while potentially increasing your home’s value.
As energy needs grow and utility rates continue to rise across Arizona, many homeowners are expanding their solar systems to keep up. Whether you’re charging an EV, adding new air conditioners, working from home, or simply using more electricity, your original system may no longer meet your household’s demand.
Expanding your solar system with Solar Topps is one of the smartest, most future-focused decisions you can make for your property, your wallet, and the planet. As Arizona’s most trusted solar experts since 2009, we’ve helped thousands of Arizonans maximize their solar investment by delivering high-efficiency panels, precision engineering, and expansion solutions tailored to each projects unique energy needs.
We don’t just install panels — we deliver a complete, worry-free experience. Our in-house team handles every detail: evaluating your existing system, designing a seamless integration, managing permits, completing expert installation, and providing ongoing monitoring and maintenance. Because we never outsource, you get consistent quality, faster timelines, and a single, dedicated partner you can trust for the life of your system.
We are constantly evaluating how to bring more value to our customers. One of the ways we achieve this is by stocking our warehouse with premium products. While other companies may struggle with supply shortages and rising costs, we’ve secured premium panels at unbeatable rates—ready for immediate installation. Don’t wait for prices to go up—act now to protect your investment and start saving more with Solar Topps!
Our warranties are among the strongest and most comprehensive in the industry. We stand behind every system we design and install, ensuring your investment is protected for the long term. From equipment and workmanship to performance guarantees, our coverage gives you true peace of mind—not just promises. With us, you’re not only getting premium solar solutions, you’re getting a partner committed to supporting you for decades.
Our proven track record of superior engineering, high-quality installations and
excellent customer service has earned us the highest certifications in the industry.
Adding more solar panels to your system can lead to significant long-term savings. By generating more electricity on-site, you can significantly lower your reliance on the utility grid, reducing energy bills. Increased production may also qualify you for net metering, allowing excess energy to earn credits on future bills. Expanding your system can boost energy resilience, especially with battery storage, providing reliable backup during outages or peak demand while offering both financial and practical benefits.
Absolutely! Arizona’s climate, characterized by abundant sunshine, makes it an ideal location to maximize the benefits of solar energy system expansion. By adding more solar panels, residents can further capitalize on this renewable resource, achieving greater energy independence and contributing to a more sustainable future.
With the state’s various incentives, such as tax credits and rebate programs, the cost of increasing solar capacity is offset, ensuring a quicker return on investment. For homeowners and businesses alike in Arizona, the long-term savings and environmental advantages make solar panel expansion a strategic and impactful decision.
Adding more solar panels can greatly help with charging an Electric Vehicle (EV) in Arizona. Increasing your solar system’s capacity generates more renewable energy during the day, reducing your reliance on grid electricity and lowering costs and your carbon footprint.
With enough solar capacity and a home battery, you can store excess energy for nighttime EV charging, maximizing efficiency and sustainability. Proper planning is essential to ensure your solar setup meets household and EV charging needs.
Adding solar panels to your property can have varying impacts on property taxes depending on local laws and regulations. Arizona offers tax incentives or exemptions for installing solar energy systems. These exemptions often mean that while solar panels may increase the value of your home, this added value is not subject to higher property taxes.
It’s important to research and understand your local tax policies in your Arizona City or consult with a tax professional to determine how solar panel installation might affect your property taxes. Taking advantage of these incentives can make transitioning to renewable energy more affordable and financially beneficial.
Regular cleaning of solar panels is essential to maintain their efficiency and maximize energy output. The frequency of cleaning largely depends on the location and environmental conditions. For instance, solar panels installed in areas with minimal rainfall or high levels of dust, pollen, or bird droppings may require cleaning every few months.
We recommend visually inspecting panels periodically and cleaning them whenever significant dirt or debris is observed. Proper cleaning techniques, such as using non-abrasive materials and distilled water, can prevent damage and ensure optimal performance.
Solar Topps offers comprehensive maintenance services designed to keep your solar panels operating at peak efficiency. Our team of experienced professionals ensures that your panels are thoroughly inspected and cleaned using safe, effective methods to help troubleshoot your solar energy system. By leveraging our expertise, we help identify potential issues early and implement solutions that extend the lifespan of your solar system.
Our team provides clear, transparent and honest answers and pricing to
help you know if adding more panels to your existing system makes sense.
Very good customer service, took the time to answer all questions and followed up every step of the way. Installers and technicians were so polite and detail oriented
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new...
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new inverter and the system is up and running. Much better system than before with an even better monitoring system and App. Solar Topps employees are very professional and their follow up and communications are great as well. Thank you Solar Topps!!!
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will...
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will definitely recommend them!
Read More
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they...
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they met the timeline they quoted. I am happy with the system performance and I would highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone looking to install a new solar system.
Read More
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time...
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time and they set them all up for us. One Powerwall we got didn't work on activation and the owner was at our house, on the phone with Tesla who authorized a replacement - which was done within 2 hrs of finding out it wasn't working. Nothing but good things to say about them. Definitely recommend.
Read More
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch....
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch. I wholeheartedly recommend them.
Read More
Great communication. Awesome job!
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was...
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was no affect to actual production to the grid or for home use). Called Solar Topps support and they worked with me to verify that the gateway had indeed failed and a repair appointment was made to replace it. Service technician was prompt and very knowledgeable regarding the repair. Overall from contacting support to repair work, I am very pleased that I chose Solar Topps for my system and their commitment to long term service and warranty work. I highly recommend this company for anyone desiring a solar
plant installation for their home or business.
Read More
The Solar Topps team is very knowledgeable, professional and customer service driven. I highly recommend them!
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar....
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar. They are extremely professional and delivered in the anticipated timeframe. Their customer service is great!!
Read More
Solar Topps did a great job designing my system. I've had it for about a month now and I have nothing bad to say about the company, their employees or the product.
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an...
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an issue reaching someone when we had questions and their service was fantastic. They showed up when they said they would and they did what they said they would do. Their field personnel from their electricians, to the panel install crew, to the engineer that came out to answer questions and walk us thru the app were the best. SolarTopps made the entire process painless and I cannot say enough good things about them. They are your choice for solar. Thank you SolarTopps!!!
Read More
Professionals all the way around. Made sure that nothing ever sat around waiting on them. Clean, solid work.
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made...
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made the entire experience seamless. Highly recommend this local company!
Read More
Very attentive, excellent communication.
The team put together a fantastic system for my household. They were friendly, and professional when talking with them. And they provided updates throughout the whole process
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t...
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t think I waited more than an hour for a response to any email or text message I sent during this process over the last three months. I found them by contacting a solar info specialist named Zak Alomari was so knowledgeable and authentic that I felt comfortable with his recommendations from the start. He was the one who recommended Solar Topps and said he wouldn’t recommend anyone else after doing this for many years because they are so far above anyone else, it’s not even close. He was right…all the way. Thank you Zak. The installation team was extremely professional, kind, and neat. The quality of the install was exceptional. I’m very detailed oriented in my personality and my job, and I noticed all the attention to detail the team took in the whole process. When we designed the system, it was clearly laid out, and we talked through several scenarios of how I might want to use it in the future or expand it so we could get it nailed down perfectly. One of the things I noticed, because I like things clean, neat and organized is the laser engraved labels on all of the elements of the electrical boxes. I did not expect this, but it makes the system’s value even higher. If/when we sell our home in the future, this adds even more value to the system. I cannot recommend them highly enough. I pay attention to service because it means a lot to me, and these guys hit it out of the park. Well done and thank you. -John E (Paradise Valley,AZ)
Read More
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly...
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly communicated each step of the way and set clear expectations on timelines.
Never realized what a complex space getting solar is. The actual install itself took 3 days (battery, conduit, electrical panel upgrade and solar panels) but the permitting, inspections and approvals were the long haul which took around 90 days - again, I didn't have to do anything. Solar Topps took care of the whole experience.
Thanks to Mark, Jesus and the installer team, Raj and Nitish for excellent communication and workmanship.
If you're curious about solar, my recommendation would be go as big as you can with your budget in terms of panel array and definitely consider a Powerwall. Given our past APS bills, our current system will pay for itself in 6 years. Thanks again Solar Topps!
Read More
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their...
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their efforts!
Read More
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I...
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I would have encountered Solar Topps when I installed the solar system because their customer service is just simply outstanding!
Read More
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar...
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar Topps came out and did the repair and charged me zero dollars.
Read More
It was excellent working with SolarTopps. The communication was frequent, timely, and clear throughout the process. The technicians arrived on time and communicated each step of the way. I’m extremely satisfied with their work.
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running...
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running smoothly and efficiently. It was a smart purchase.
Read More
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually...
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually called me to go over the Tesla app and make sure everything was dialed in. We highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone interested in getting solar.
Read More
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very...
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very pleased with Solar Topps and would highly recommend the company to anyone who values honesty, great customer service and good workmanship.
Read More
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything...
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything went smoothly from start to finish, and the system has been running perfectly. It’s rare to find a company this professional and dependable these days. Highly recommend them to anyone thinking about getting solar!
Read More
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were...
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were never here. Worth giving them your Solar needs project.
Read More
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from...
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from different companies. Solar Topps wasn't the cheapest, but it was truly one of the few that was local to the valley. This was important to have a local company involved and not a company that is nationwide using a contractor. One thing I learned fast is that ALL Solar Topps employees live here in the valley. Solar Topps turned out to be the best. Very organized and helpful. Also, Solar Topps designed the best system they could using APS bills. But really, they need more information to dial the system in to your usage. So do your homework and stop blaming them because you didnt give them all the pcs of the puzzle.
Also, when you're new to Solar, the customer has to define their goals to help them. I thought I knew what my goals were. I later learned my goal has changed. I started with a 50-panel 20Kwh system with 1 Powerwall 3 whole-home backup battery. I thought I would never have to buy power from APS again. It wasn't till I started going day by day at my usage and pulling my after-hours, meaning no solar production to see just how many batteries I really need to achieve this. Most people don't know this data.
This process can take longer than expected. Everything that I encountered with delays had nothing to do with them. But I blamed them in the moment. They listened and never got upset with me.
In the end, I was happy with the system they designed based on the info I gave them. After installing, my goals started changing, and I dug deep into usage. Put an energy monitor in my main panel on every circuit to see what uses what in the house. I then changed what I could to lower the usage.
I now have added 2 more Tesla Powerwall expansion batteries. I use zero power from APS and sell them nearly 4 bucks a day in power. It's nice to get paid by them and not pay them. Also, they can raise the rates all they want.t I don't use their power anymore.
Thanks, Niel, Sean, Robby, Summy, Mike, Gaurav
I have turned into a total solar geek. Thanks Solar Topps!!!!
Read More
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would...
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would not bring up my wifi. I told him I would figure it out later. He said he would check back with me to make sure I got connected. A few days later the same guy called back and got me up and running. I'm so greatful for his knowledge and patience.
Read More
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but...
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but also on quality of products.
Read More
Fixed problem quickly.
They help me with the connection issue I had and everything worked out great. Thanks for being so helpful and thanks for doing it quickly and considerably. Great job.
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and...
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and gave me great customer service. I am super happy with solar tops and would recommend them to anyone who has any type of solar needs.
Read More
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less...
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less than one day and everything was done flawless.
Read More
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and...
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and called, texted, and emailed me with each step of the process. I highly recommend SolarTopps for anyone interested in a solar energy system.
Read More
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my...
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my first two APS bills for May and June with an electric vehicle charging in a 2100 sq ft. Home for $31 and $28. They answered all my calls and followed thru with all plans. I would recommend to all my family and friends and in fact I have. Thanks again! I did my homework and it paid off.
Read More
Great company! I've had Solar Topps systems on two separate homes and have had great experiences with both. Any issue I've had has been promptly identified and addressed by them. Would highly recommend.
The customer support at Solar Topps is top notch. They helped me by walking through the process to reset my system and continued to monitor my unit until it was fixed. They are very responsive to any request for assistance.
Sean is very engaging, great customer service, answering questions and trying to help make the best choice wether it is with them or not he still wants to make sure your fully informed.
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to...
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to work with, and follow through with what they say they are going to do. Highly recommended.
Read More
It was great working with solartopps. Solar Topps did an incredible job with our solar installation! Their team was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient from start to finish. The process was seamless, with clear communication.
customer service is fantastic.........GAURAV is an excellent empoyee. helped me to restore my solar pannel production working on timely and efficient with profassinal manner
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be...
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be around for us whenever we would need them.
Read More
Had inverter replaced, great service.
Solar Topps did a great job with their proposal, which was very competitive. They worked hard getting our solar installed and up and running. Highly recommend this company.
Great service, this company stands behind their product and service is terrific. I would recommend Solar Topps for anyone considering going solar.
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery...
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery had a problem due to an error on my side and they contacted me within the same day to let me know the system was off, although I was able to restore power myself they still sent a technician out to check my system and make sure everything was ok. This company is great and goes above and beyond for their customers!
Read More
Great communication through the process. Team was neat, clean and efficient without any inconvenience. Final connection set up by Neal was thorough and timely.
Excellent customer service. Answered all of my questions, worked with me to set up the Enlighten monitoring solar production app and explained everything simply for me without “jargon”
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many...
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many panels needed, gave me different pricing options and were super patient with all my questions. I did a lot of research on Solar Companies and these guys were the only ones that didn't seem like slime balls just trying to make a sale. If you are looking for Solar you can't go wrong with these guys!
Read More
Outstanding service by team SolarTopps. Great work ethics and focus on client’s needs. I wish great success for this company! I loved the professionalism of Gaurav. 5* (5 star) performer!!
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There...
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There were many steps and everyone at Solar Topps was professional and customer oriented. Special recognition to Zak, my sales rep, John, the electrician who installed the panel upgrade and inverter, and Alex (I hope I remembered that right) and another tech who did the rooftop panel installation. They were fast, efficient, did a clean, attractive job and communicated well.
Read More
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking...
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking forward to reduced costs in electricity and having electricity when any issues come up with the grid.
Read More
Great customer service!
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of...
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of the system! He was very personable very knowledgeable and I appreciate his outstanding customer service! I highly recommend solar tops and I'm not an easy one to convince on anything...
Read More
Solar Topps is fantastic! Everything from the initial install to to follow up questions. This is a top notch company with first class customer support.
This company has not only great customer service but the materials used for the solar equipment is the best. There workmanship was great no complaints whatsoever
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect....
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect. I highly recommend Solar Topps. This is the second time I have had a solar installation and the first time was through a company through Costco and hands-down Solar Topps is a way better company with a lot better customer service. They did not cut corners or sell me cheap equipment. I’m extremely happy with the product they gave me.
Read More
Solar Topps was amazing and very responsive. They kept me updated throughout the entire process. Definitely recommend this Solar company since they are local and have been in the industry for a long time.
Extremely helpful every step of the way. To the salesman to the installers to the technicians who turned on the system.
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also...
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also have an EV that would need to be charged. Solar Topps was able to take our input of what we wanted (100% offset of electricity) and our general life style to come up with a system size to meet our needs. They even suggested that we not put all of the solar panels on the south facing roof but rather put some on our west facing roof to take advantage of the late afternoon sun to help in the summer months when TEP rate is the highest. They worked with us on every step of the process from permitting though final “Permission To Operate” (PTO) from TEP electric company. They had a very completive bid and completed the project in a reasonable time frame. We would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone that was interest in getting solar installed on their home.
Read More
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar...
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar companies are hit and run with sales people; SolarTopps is real.
Read More
Technician’s were great, staff provided updates in a timely manner
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps...
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps facility and took the time to explain every detail of their operations.
What stood out the most was their commitment to excellence. Every part of their business, from the equipment they use to their carefully thought-out practices, reflects their dedication to the highest standards. Robby’s in-depth explanations about how their processes benefit customers gave me complete confidence in their expertise and integrity.
If you’re considering solar in Phoenix, Solar Topps is the clear choice. They combine cutting edge technology with meticulous attention to detail and exceptional customer service. I wouldn’t trust or recommend anyone else!
Read More
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout...
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout the process. Overall, a great experience with Solar Topps; they definitely know their business!
Read More
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If...
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If you are in Arizona, don’t sub your work to an out of State group. These folks, sales, design, install and support are all employed by Solar Topps in Phoenix, AZ. No sub contractors. I’m very happy with the whole process. Watching my meter spin backwards as we speak!
Read More
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality...
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality of work has been outstanding, and they have shown up as scheduled.. All workers have been courteous and respectful, and responses to questions/issues timely.
In a world full of scammers and less than ethical fly-by- night outfits, Solar Topps has been board and ethical. I would recommend to friends.
Read More
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality,...
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality, professional installation of the additional panels. I am retired from an aviation maintenance / quality control career, so I expect quality when I higher a company for service and am very disappointed when hack preforms sub par workmanship. I have no hesitation recommending Solar Topps for your solar installation or upgrade. They are the best!
Read More
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the...
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the panels instead of getting locked into some weird lease system. Fortunately, I knew Mark Greene through work and asked his advice. He works with Solar Topps and was able to sit down with my family and clearly explain the pros and cons of different options, and give us a detailed picture of what we could expect. We decided it was a good move for us and signed up.
Once the process began, it went pretty much exactly as Mark described. The installers were very professional and efficient. They work directly for the company (not subcontractors) so the communication was quick and easy and their truck was clearly labeled Solar Topps. They left the work area clean when they were done and the black on black solar panels look very nice and modern.
The regulation process through the City of Phoenix and APS was definitely slow but at least proceeded smoothly. Solar Topps kept us informed of next steps and what to expect for a general timeline. So that part was as painless as possible.
Now that the system is turned on and running we are very satisfied with the results. The Tesla app makes everything about your power use and generation very clear. When nothing is turned on you can see the baseline power your house uses, and the when the heater or airconditioning turns on you can see the use jump up, which is informative. Also you can easily see how much power use was solar, battery, and grid along with a cost savings estimate.
So over all, I would highly recommend talking to Mark to get a good idea of what your different options are, and I would trust Solar Topps to give you a clean and efficient install and setup. Just keep in mind that your city and APS/SRP are going to take a while to inspect and approve everything. After that, enjoy making your own power, saving money and being secure from blackouts.
Read More
professional and helpful. I highly recommend this company
Great people to work with
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them...
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them for your solar.
Read More
excellent post-install care and support
Excellent support removing then replacing my solar as I had my roof redone. Very professional, on-time, cleaned up and answered all my questions.
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for...
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for our home. From the beginning in talking to our salesman, Sean, his communication was outstanding, answering our every question, even on weekends. Solar Topps worked with us in delaying our install, so it was convenient for us. The install of our adapted power box and solar panels was well done and organized. All of the workers from electricians to installers were all professional and friendly, and all made it a very pleasant experience for us. We look forward to the savings we will receive by going solar.
Read More
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the...
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the heat of 110. They even upgraded our monitor. Beyond happy with this company.
10-18-24:Great service once again, we had Microinverters installed and everything was fantastic. A month or so later one of our panels stopped charging but ST came over quickly and repaired the connector and our system works again perfectly. Mark was technician, worked like the pro he is. Hannah Cooper handled scheduling and communication with the expertise and grace of a professional customer service representative. We love ST and recommend them people who want a good ,secure,reliable company taking care of them.
Read More
Great customer service.
Experienced disruptions with solar communications. After several unsuccesful attempts to self-correct I called Solar Topps, the installer. Mike and his boss came, diagnosed problem and promptly corrected it. Covered by warranty. Should have called sooner.
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all...
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all of my questions and made me feel very comfortable about my decision to go with solar. I would recommend this company to anyone thinking about solar.
Read More
Solar Topps is a Great Solar Company. They are very prompt to answer any questions or service needed. I am very happy with my choice for Solar Topps.
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me...
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me navigate a difficult situation. Solar Topps was great with communication in terms of when the crew would be there to do the work. On the day of, the crew was prompt and extremely courteous, and always kept me informed about their progress. The job needed to be spanned out over a couple of days but I didn't mind because I knew it was being done right, no corners cut.
I needed to have my panels removed because of a roof leak situation that turned out not to be the fault of Solar Topps. Michael came to my property numerous times and even coordinated with my roofing company to help identify the source of the problem. Nobody wants to deal with a situation like this but Michael was extremely knowledgable and came to the site with a ton of experience (and patience!) to do whatever he could to help set things right. He thoroughly inspected the site at each critical step of the fixing process and always took the time to make sure I felt comfortable with the plan of action. He gave me great advice backed by years of experience, and like I said, he was on site (probably more than usual - which is why I say he went above and beyond) to make sure all was well. It has yet to rain again to make sure the reroofing (done by my roofing company) fixed the issue, but I feel confident in everything that Michael and the Solar Topps install team did for my particular situation.
I wouldn't wish a roof leak situation on anyone, it can get expensive fast and is very stressful... but I will say that Solar Topps treated me and the situation (which was lengthy and complex) well. I was always able to get ahold of someone and service was prompt. I've talked with a lot of solar companies and would still very highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in getting solar (just make sure your roof is SOLID before you put panels on!)
Read More
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my...
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my Panels was generating), so he ask me if I mind if he could disconnect so he could do some research, he called back promptly as he promised. Aneal walked me through everything that I need to do to understand how to log on the Solar Edge support site and monitor the output of my Panels. I had been at this for about a week and was about ready to give up. Thank you Aneal. I really appreciated you help.
Read More
Service is always fast and friendly.
Top class experience. Some of the micro inverters were not reporting and I left a message after hours. Got a call within an hour with resolution. Great customer oriented dedicated management and team. Highly recommend them!! Thanks Solar Topps team.
I called Solar Topps at 2:00 when I noticed my system was down and they came out quickly and it was back on before 5:00. Great job!!
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the...
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the issue. She was polite, patient and thorough. Solar Topps customer service is excellent.
Read More
Got my system up and running again.
Incredible service, great prices, super professional!
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create...
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create the final highly professional proposal, to hand holding all the way through the actual installation of the system, we have been impressed. Solar Topps is clearly a solid, honest, and very dependable resource in their category and, all things considered, we believe we received tremendous value from our transaction. We wholeheartedly recommend them to others.
Read More
System went down and received a quick response.
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great...
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great job and were the best price on the market! Would highly recommend. I’ve had my panels for 6 months now and it’s been fantastic!! May was our best month yet, our bill was $2 for a 2600 sq ft home.
Read More
Excellent staff. Was kept well informed of every step in the process.
The service technician did a great job correcting the problem.
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out...
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out to be an issue with the builder of my home not properly tightening the main service line to my service panel. In troubleshooting Solar Topps resolved the issue for me!
Read More
Had an issue with our solar and team was timely in helping get a resolution. When working with manager, he was receptive to feedback and worked to ensure all concerns were resolved.
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from...
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from start to finish to make sure our solar production loss was cut to a minimum. All work was done as promised!
Read More
Mark arrived on time and completed the service quickly. He addressed all my questions and helped me understand the nature of the problem and the fix. Thank you Mark and thanks Solar Topps for a quick response to my concern.
Excellent service. Had an issue with Solar Inverter registration with Tesla, resolved quickly and made sure that App is reflecting with the changes. Now I can see inverter in App and track the data. Thanks
Great company and I love my solar system.The sales representative was very professional and the construction crew did great work.
All around great company. Price service and the best part is the 25 year production guarantee.
Great solar company. Would recommend !
Great company. Good work, clean install, money saved!
Smooth and easy process, great company
Great company, loved working with them!
Seamless process, and easy to work with! Great team
Great company.
Best company I had come give a quote, worked with me and my timeline! Great sales man, not pushy at all!
Great customer service. I had a problem with my solar panels, and they came out the next day to fix them. Very professional and great service.
Solar Topps is always willing to help with any problem with a prompt resolution. Thanks Sashi
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing...
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing ever since!!! Highly recommended!
Read More
Good Solar company; quick customer care resolution team and friendly; definitely would recommend them to everyone
Installed last year. Very Professional, good service after install. Had some panel issues but pretty responsive and fixed those all in the next day or two. Highly recommended !
Solar Topps resolved a roof leak, one day after my very concerned phone call. Very satisfied, very reassuring. Thank you.
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting...
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting phase of the process. All worked out good!! 👍🏻
Read More
Extremely knowledgable, very patient and fixed my problem.... thank you so much for your help
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was...
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was impressed because it was a holiday weekend right before Christmas.
Read More
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated...
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated to us. Very happy that we went with Solar Topps.
Read More
Great service and very informative about the process
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not...
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not tech savvy so he helped me step by step! Thank you!
Read More
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of...
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of the installation process. They customized a solution that perfectly met my needs and budget, and I never felt pressured to make a decision.
The installation crew was professional and efficient. They arrived on time and worked diligently to install my solar system. The quality of their work was exceptional, and they paid attention to every detail to ensure a seamless integration with my roof. I was impressed by their expertise and dedication to delivering a top-notch installation.
Activating the system was a breeze, thanks to Solar Topps' guidance. They provided clear instructions and support throughout the process, making sure I understood how to monitor and maintain my solar system.
One of the reasons I chose Solar Topps was their use of top-quality panels. They offered a range of options, and I was able to select panels that suited my needs and budget. Knowing that I have high-quality panels installed gives me peace of mind about the long-term performance of my solar system.
To top it all off, Solar Topps offered the best price in Phoenix. I did my research and compared quotes from several companies, and Solar Topps came out on top in terms of value for money. I couldn't be happier with my decision to go solar with Solar Topps. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a reliable, professional, and cost-effective solar solution!
Read More
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and...
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and running! They were easy to work with and they handle all the little details with permits, the power company and our HOA. All I had to do was write 3 checks (almost painless).
Read More
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar...
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar Revolution!!!!
Read More
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this...
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this company. Thank you!
Read More
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free...
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free from your electric company and all their added fees, GO SOLAR! Also the Fed. is willing to pay for a hefty portion of your solar install, let Solar Topps come by your home and explain it all.
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process,...
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process, including city and APS inspections, took less time than estimated. I would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in installing solar panels.
Read More
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager,...
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager, Nolan, stayed in close contact and communicated above and beyond what we expected. Solar Topps completed the project ahead of schedule. Scot completed the very final steps efficiently and went beyond what we expected. We can’t say enough positive things about our experience.
Read More
Solar Topps replaced one of my panels that had been hit by a golf ball. They were very friendly and efficient
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We...
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We wanted to put the electric bill to rest. There are so many companies out there, selling solar. They use a line like “ we can save you money”. We didn’t want to just save money, we wanted our bill eliminated.
5 years later, we pay a few dollars in taxes on the bill, and get money back at end of the year. I feel bad for people that fall for the solar lease. We have a Pre-paid lease… which means we own our system, but they do any maintenance for 20 years. It is the best of both worlds. No monthly bills. No monthly lease to pay, no maintenance…The system paid for itself in less the 5 years
Read More
Solar Topps is absolutely Topps in the field. They are very helpful, efficient, and they know what they are doing. I am so grateful for all that was done for me to make this dream of mine come true!
Installed a 10KW system at our home in Mohave Valley, AZ. System performing at/above expectations. Install was done well, and installers were courteous and professional. Highly recommend.
Arnav was very helpful when I called. Thank you, Arnav.
Arnav (support) and Sean O'Brien (sales) are always fast in responding to all my questions. Solar panels come with a lot of new information and Solar Topps makes sure I am satisfied every time I call.
Solar Topps was SO awesome on the installation and continues to be OUTSTANDING in any customer service inquiry I have. I give them 5 stars for their follow-up and follow-thru. Thank you Solar Topps!
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!!...
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!! 10/10 recommend.
Read More
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams...
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams were also very good, hard working and from a customers’ perspective, informative and friendly. I was very pleased with the entire process and would recommend Solar Topps to anyone!
Read More
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure...
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure to follow up to insure all was corrected. Thank you so much, SolarTopps for all your great work!
Read More
Solar Topps is a great company to buy solar from. They have great pricing, many financing options, skilled staff, and provide excellent ongoing support. Would highly recommend.
They replaced an out of warranty inverter with a new one promptly and connected to my mySolar phone App also. Tech knew what was needed to be done. Excellent company.
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house...
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house have been courteous and very capable. Not one surprise. If a tech is going to be late they call you and let you know so you aren't left waiting. We went with a different solar company also on Energy Sage and cancelled our contract 10 days into it because we weren't getting called back, we were left hanging when techs didn't show up and they were using subcontractors. Really good decision to bail on that company and go with Solar Topps. A very low stress experience from beginning to end.
Read More
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the...
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the workers cracked a couple tiles on the roof which can happen when doing major roof work. But they had a quality inspector check everything and informed me about the broken tiles and they sent out a guy to replace them. This is nice because I have heard of other solar companies not advice that they broke some tiles. Originally they did not have the correct tiles and instead did a repair on the cracked ones while they looked for tiles that would replace them. Ended up coming out 3 times until they got a set of tiles that fit properly and they replaced them with no charge at all.
Only other issue i had was the central computer that reports system outputs not working but they also came out and replaced that no issues at all.
Overall very friendly and responsive support so far and I fully expect it will continue if I ever need to contact them again.
Read More
I love working with Solar Topps. They really care about there customers.
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps,...
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps, the firm that installed the solar back in 2017, to ask them to diagnose the problem. Shortly after one of their technicians scheduled an appointment to do a field inspection that disclosed burn marks on the two panel. A warranty application was promptly prepared by Solar Topps and forwarded to Hyundai, the panel manufacturer in Korea for approval. After prompt and persistent follow by Solar Topps an approval was granted. Two new panels were installed on my roof within 30 days of discovering the problem at no expense to me. I'm very grateful to the staff and management of Solar Topps for the hassle-free follow through and the standing behind of their warranty obligations......Tom Snyder
Read More
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always...
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always quickly followed up with any of my concerns. I was very happy to be working with them when one of my inverters needed to be replaced. Bradley and Mark were also two of the best technicians- very kind and knowledgeable! Thank you!
Read More
Couldn’t have asked for better customer service. I was kept informed every step of the way and any questions I had were quickly answer to my satisfaction. They took care of everything!
Neal reached out and assisted in resolving my issue after hours on a Sunday evening. Thank you.
Solar Topps installed our system three years ago. They were very responsive throughout the process leading up to activation. Their after installation support is professional and competent in addressing in issues with production. I recommend Solar Topps
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very...
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very well communicated and went very smooth. A couple minor things at the end of the install, that they mitigated pretty quickly. Overall would completely recommend.
Read More
They helped me out on their day off to help resolve my issue! Great customer service
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a...
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a couple EV chargers and a roof allowance to the financing, which was a great help. Thanks for making it all work. Thanks again!
Read More
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier...
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier to understand every step involved in the installation of the solar panels. Nolan, Tony, Neal, sangram, Harshad, and the installation crew were fantastic in keeping me informed during each step of the process. Whenever I had a question, I received an answer the same day. I really appreciate the work involved by every one from start to finish to make the completion of the project so quick, especially since I live in Tucson. I won't hesitate to refer them to my friends!
Read More
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan...
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan were and continue to be extremely helpful in every aspect.
Solar Topps is a Top Notch Professional Business. I am extremely happy and glad that I decided to go with them as my Solar System Installer.
Read More
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and...
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and would, instead, have a company travel from Tucson to Cave Creek.
We contacted a few local companies and also used Energy Sage online to get some quotes. Two responses from Energy Sage included Solar Topps and we're glad they did.
Solar Topps gave us a price equal to the lowest national quote and the hardware was better (Panasonic panels versus something else) and good Enphase electronics. They were also a couple thousand dollars less than another local company we had install our solar hot water heater system.
We had a signed contract with Solar Topps dated March 9 and our system was turned on and working April 12.
That, to us, is an incredibly fast turnaround for a good sized solar panel system. We had been prepared by other companies for a 90 day period of time start to finish, so to have it done in a few days more than A MONTH was a very pleasant surprise.
We didn't have to do ANY of the paperwork with Maricopa County or APS, Solar Topps took care of all of it in a painless fashion.
Solar Topps was a pleasure to work with every step of the way. Any questions were answered via phone or email VERY promptly and correctly.
An example:
Our system has panels oriented south and west. Solar Topps was the only company to come up with this option to maximize the efficiency of our system to take advantage of the peak power rates of APS by having some panels installed to maximize the efficiency of the total system in the afternoon when the sun is lower in the west. See the attached real-time report from our panels and an early billing report from APS where our first few days with the system running has APS paying US instead of vice-versa. (to be fair, the weather has been easy and the A/C hasn't been running, but... still that's pretty cool)
If you are thinking of solar and you're in the Phoenix metro area (or elsewhere, even), you should definitely give SERIOUS consideration to using local company around for a long time Solar Topps.
Seriously, DO IT!
Read More
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly...
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly and attentitivley. i have overall confidence in the product i purchaced and am happy with my new solar system. i definitley reccomend Solar Topps for cusomer service and thouroughness.
Read More
great response on issues and prompt fix thank you
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update....
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update. The estimated savings function is not available and it works very well!
Read More
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from...
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from beginning to end.
Highly recommend anyone looking at adding solar to their home to contact Solar Topps
Read More
Quick, efficient, professional. Very responsive to deal with unexpected issues.
I'm very impressed with the work that went into the design, permit and inspections. I have had it since 2015 and don't regret the decision I made.
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of...
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of contract to when panels would go "live". The company met the timeline. A few times since Sept. 2014 the software to monitor production was lost. On each occasion one phone call was made and a tech was out and I was able to again look on my laptop and see what my panels were producing. A neighbor of mine went with a competitor two weeks after I signed. I was live in Sept. 2014 and he was live in Jan. 15! I have no problem in referring people to Solar Topps. We received three bids and Solar Topps was the best price, we are very happy we went with them and have referred them to friends.
Read More
Absolutely no problems with huge electric bill savings.
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to...
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to change. After speaking to others in our community, attending seminars and crunching numbers, we felt solar panels was the way to go and Solar Topps offered us the best plan for our needs. I figured our breakeven point would be 8 plus years. We have had our solar panels for 6 years and next year they will have paid for themselves. The panels have been so maintenance free we tend to forget about them. If asked about it, I tell people I'm happy we went solar and would do it again.
Read More
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take...
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take care of me in no time. Looking forward for their new venture in solar so i can go for our new home.
Read More
Glad I chose Solar Topps. Would be so again.
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever...
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever made. I highly recommend them.
Read More
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from...
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from my perspective, the installation company was important but the components were more important. It is my opinion that Solar Topps uses only the best components.
Also, I wanted to own my system and get the federal tax credits. I did and with my reduced cost of installation, I calculate my investment will be returned in savings in between five and six years. All components are warranted at least 20 years. Having been a business owner before my retirement, that is an OK deal.
Leasing my system and making monthly payments instead of paying the utility company directly did/does not comply with my preferences.
The actual installation was very well done. It looks good and is strong. It has survived several wind storms, including the recent micro burst that took down hundreds of trees in our area and took down three large trees within 50 yards of my home. Damage to my solar system was zero.
Further, i receive monthly energy production reports that allow me to monitor my usage and savings on an ongoing basis. My energy production is actually better than our estimates were at the time of installation.
I am pleased with every aspect of the work Solar Topps did for us.
Read More
Excellent service in every way. Highly recommend Solar Tops.
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to...
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to my neighbors.
Read More
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! ...
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! This is absolutely the best customer service experience we have had out of all of the local companies that we have dealt with. We highly recommend Solar Topps.
Read More
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive,...
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive, Their sales rep. (Tony) took the time to walk me through the proposal, but was also extremely responsive through the full experience. Nearly every follow question I had was answered the same day. Even when there was an issue with the initial plan that was submitted to SRP, they quickly offered alternate options that still met my needs.
The installation was seamless, and even though we were near the end of the year, they managed to get everything done and turn on before the 2020 tax incentives expired. The system has been turned on for two months now and everything is performing as expected.
The only area of improvement I could suggest is that during the quoting process, it was not clear that they would not be installing a demand load management system (which is fairly standard) and the connections to see my house's power consumption/demand from the grid. Not a huge deal, but a little more clarity there would have been helpful, but would not have changed my mind in selecting them.
Overall I am extremely pleased with the system so far and have not had any surprises in my bills from SRP.
Read More
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to...
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to have our system up and running as quickly as we could. Joan and her team had our system turned on within 2.5 months. We were so impressed by this, especially considering all of the shut downs that were impacting our permitting and inspection timelines. But they made it happen! We are so happy to finally have our system running and helping us save money, especially when every bit counts. We will be recommending this company to all of our friends and neighbors that are considering going solar.
Read More
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the...
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the panels did everything he said it would do
Of
Read More
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up...
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up and were very respectful. We have been working with Solar Topps for several months as they went through the process of permits, electrical installation then the solar panels. We are looking forward to the rebate the Government will return. We should be up and running in 2 weeks after inspection and meter install. We recommend this reputable company.
Read More
EXcellent company. Excellent professional service. Strongly recommended.
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario...
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario showed up at the scheduled appointment. He and his crew were very professional and did a fantastic job. Thank you Solar Topps!
Read More
Had solar tops for 3 years love them
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was...
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was not affected still they followed up very professionally. Excellent Solar company.
Read More
Great company, excellent customer service!
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with...
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with his presentation and layout along with his explanation in regards to solar panels and there differences. He wasn't trying to push high-end panels down my throat like some other companies, I had already done all my own research in regards economy,standard and premium panel options. I went with the standard/economy blended panel option as i like to call it, signed my contract and left the rest up to solartopps. The process and installation took a while,longer then expected actually. I never complained,never bothered the company during this entire process I just let them do there thing. In the end they did me a solid, upgraded my panels to premium at no extra costs to me. They didn't have to do that,in fact most companies wouldn't even bother to offer it. In my personal opinion that's what separates a good company from a great company! Having said all that, can't forget about the installation crew! Splendid work boys! From the installation of panels and wiring of the box very clean, nicely done! Customer service department you ask? Excellent! I was updated via email thru the entire process,informed about each step was nice! Thank you all, I am very appreciative of all your efforts and for the upgraded panels.
Read More
Best service ever talk to a couple of solar company but noting like solar topp I love it!!!
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a...
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a question they were always available by phone. You could always talk with the owners of this company. Their installation crew was professional and competent. They paid close attention to detail and I am very please with the neatness of the installation. Solar Topps works closely with APS and our system was up and running within one week of final approval from the city. I recommend Solar Topps without reservation.
Read More
After interviewing 3 solar installation services, we selected SolarTopps. We were favorably impressed with their presentation and their responses to our questions. The installation was neat and professional, and the system is operating very effectively.
We have received your application and are in the process of reviewing the submission. Our team is excited to learn more about your qualifications and how they align with the requirements of the role. We will be in touch with further updates regarding the status of your application.
Please check your email inbox for meeting link and details.
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| __cf_bm | 1 hour | This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. |
| AWSALBCORS | 7 days | Amazon Web Services set this cookie for load balancing. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement | 1 year | Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". |
| CookieLawInfoConsent | 1 year | CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. |
| JSESSIONID | session | New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. |
| viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. |
| wpEmojiSettingsSupports | session | WordPress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a WordPress site. It helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| aka_debug | session | Vimeo sets this cookie which is essential for the website to play video functionality. |
| player | 1 year | Vimeo uses this cookie to save the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. |
| pvc_visits[0] | 2 minutes | Posts View Counter set this cookie to ensure accurate view counts on each page. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| AWSALB | 7 days | AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. |
| sync_active | never | This cookie is set by Vimeo and contains data on the visitor's video-content preferences, so that the website remembers parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _ga | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. |
| _ga_* | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. |
| vuid | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.solartopps.com/existing-system/adding-battery-arizona/

Call or Text Us Today (480) 940-1201
We’ve Produced Enough Power to Offset CO2 Emissions from
14,683,144
Gallons of Gasoline Consumed
5,993,120
Propane Tanks Used for Home BBQs
15,761,905,600
Smartphones Being Charged
0.0333
Coal Power Plants Annually
0.3459
Natural Gas Power Plants Annually
When your panels produce more energy than your home needs, a battery allows you to store it instead of sending it back to the grid for minimal credit. This means more of the power you generate stays in your home and works directly for you. By using stored solar energy during high-demand times, you get a higher return on every kilowatt your system produces. Adding a battery ensures you get the most from your existing solar investment.
A battery lets you store the excess solar energy your system already produces and use it during expensive peak-rate hours. This helps you avoid costly demand charges and reduces your reliance on unpredictable utility prices. With more control over when and how your energy is used, your monthly bills become more stable and predictable. Over time, this strategic energy use can significantly increase your savings.
A battery keeps your home powered during outages, so you’re never left in the dark when the grid fails. It automatically kicks in the moment power is lost, keeping essential appliances and devices running. This added reliability gives you confidence during storms, equipment failures, or unexpected grid issues. With a battery, your home stays safe, comfortable, and connected no matter what’s happening outside.
Charge your battery from the grid when energy is cheapest and protect your home from rate hikes, peak pricing, demand fees and unpredictable power outages. Lower your utility bill and offset rising electricity costs with a battery-only energy system from Solar Topps. Whether a new installation or an addition to an existing system, we’ve got you covered.
Contact for a Free Site EvaluationOur proven track record of superior engineering, high-quality installations and
excellent customer service has earned us the highest certifications in the industry.
A battery backup system works by storing electricity from the grid or renewable energy sources, like solar panels, for later use. During a power outage or instances of high energy demand, the system automatically switches to the stored energy, ensuring continuous power supply to critical appliances or systems. Modern battery backup solutions are equipped with intelligent monitoring and management features, allowing you to optimize energy usage, reduce utility costs, and maintain power during emergencies. These systems are scalable and can be customized to meet the specific energy needs of both residential and commercial setups.
The cost of adding a battery to an existing solar energy system can vary based on several factors, including battery type, storage capacity, installation requirements, and your location. Here’s a detailed breakdown of what generally what you can generally expect, but since we customize each job, it’s important to get an accurate quote:
Installing solar batteries, like the Tesla Powerwall 3, can start from around $10,000. About 10% of this cost goes towards installation and permitting requirements. Financial incentives, such as the U.S. Federal Tax Credit, can reduce upfront expenses by 30%. Solar batteries offer long-term savings by lowering electricity bills, especially in areas with high energy rates, making them a smart move toward energy independence.
Adding a battery to an existing solar energy system can play a critical role in mitigating the impact of energy blackouts. When paired with a solar panel system, these batteries store excess energy produced during the day, during peak hours. Using lower-cost, stored energy rather than expensive, utility energy is peak-shaving.
Battery technology can transition to backup power during an outage, making it a reliable solution for regions prone to frequent blackouts. By integrating batteries into an existing solar energy system, Arizona homeowners and businesses reduce their reliance on APS and SRP.
Batteries for solar energy systems come in three main types: lithium-ion, lead-acid, and flow batteries.
Lithium-Ion: Efficient, long-lasting, and ideal for daily use, though more expensive upfront.
Lead-Acid: Affordable, used off-grid, but with a shorter lifespan and lower energy density.
Flow Batteries: Scalable and durable, suited for large-scale storage, not for residential use.
Choosing the right battery depends on your energy needs, balancing cost, efficiency, and longevity.
Our team provides clear, transparent and honest answers and pricing to help you know
if getting a battery backup installed on your existing system makes sense.
Very good customer service, took the time to answer all questions and followed up every step of the way. Installers and technicians were so polite and detail oriented
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new...
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new inverter and the system is up and running. Much better system than before with an even better monitoring system and App. Solar Topps employees are very professional and their follow up and communications are great as well. Thank you Solar Topps!!!
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will...
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will definitely recommend them!
Read More
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they...
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they met the timeline they quoted. I am happy with the system performance and I would highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone looking to install a new solar system.
Read More
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time...
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time and they set them all up for us. One Powerwall we got didn't work on activation and the owner was at our house, on the phone with Tesla who authorized a replacement - which was done within 2 hrs of finding out it wasn't working. Nothing but good things to say about them. Definitely recommend.
Read More
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch....
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch. I wholeheartedly recommend them.
Read More
Great communication. Awesome job!
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was...
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was no affect to actual production to the grid or for home use). Called Solar Topps support and they worked with me to verify that the gateway had indeed failed and a repair appointment was made to replace it. Service technician was prompt and very knowledgeable regarding the repair. Overall from contacting support to repair work, I am very pleased that I chose Solar Topps for my system and their commitment to long term service and warranty work. I highly recommend this company for anyone desiring a solar
plant installation for their home or business.
Read More
The Solar Topps team is very knowledgeable, professional and customer service driven. I highly recommend them!
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar....
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar. They are extremely professional and delivered in the anticipated timeframe. Their customer service is great!!
Read More
Solar Topps did a great job designing my system. I've had it for about a month now and I have nothing bad to say about the company, their employees or the product.
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an...
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an issue reaching someone when we had questions and their service was fantastic. They showed up when they said they would and they did what they said they would do. Their field personnel from their electricians, to the panel install crew, to the engineer that came out to answer questions and walk us thru the app were the best. SolarTopps made the entire process painless and I cannot say enough good things about them. They are your choice for solar. Thank you SolarTopps!!!
Read More
Professionals all the way around. Made sure that nothing ever sat around waiting on them. Clean, solid work.
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made...
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made the entire experience seamless. Highly recommend this local company!
Read More
Very attentive, excellent communication.
The team put together a fantastic system for my household. They were friendly, and professional when talking with them. And they provided updates throughout the whole process
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t...
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t think I waited more than an hour for a response to any email or text message I sent during this process over the last three months. I found them by contacting a solar info specialist named Zak Alomari was so knowledgeable and authentic that I felt comfortable with his recommendations from the start. He was the one who recommended Solar Topps and said he wouldn’t recommend anyone else after doing this for many years because they are so far above anyone else, it’s not even close. He was right…all the way. Thank you Zak. The installation team was extremely professional, kind, and neat. The quality of the install was exceptional. I’m very detailed oriented in my personality and my job, and I noticed all the attention to detail the team took in the whole process. When we designed the system, it was clearly laid out, and we talked through several scenarios of how I might want to use it in the future or expand it so we could get it nailed down perfectly. One of the things I noticed, because I like things clean, neat and organized is the laser engraved labels on all of the elements of the electrical boxes. I did not expect this, but it makes the system’s value even higher. If/when we sell our home in the future, this adds even more value to the system. I cannot recommend them highly enough. I pay attention to service because it means a lot to me, and these guys hit it out of the park. Well done and thank you. -John E (Paradise Valley,AZ)
Read More
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly...
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly communicated each step of the way and set clear expectations on timelines.
Never realized what a complex space getting solar is. The actual install itself took 3 days (battery, conduit, electrical panel upgrade and solar panels) but the permitting, inspections and approvals were the long haul which took around 90 days - again, I didn't have to do anything. Solar Topps took care of the whole experience.
Thanks to Mark, Jesus and the installer team, Raj and Nitish for excellent communication and workmanship.
If you're curious about solar, my recommendation would be go as big as you can with your budget in terms of panel array and definitely consider a Powerwall. Given our past APS bills, our current system will pay for itself in 6 years. Thanks again Solar Topps!
Read More
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their...
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their efforts!
Read More
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I...
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I would have encountered Solar Topps when I installed the solar system because their customer service is just simply outstanding!
Read More
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar...
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar Topps came out and did the repair and charged me zero dollars.
Read More
It was excellent working with SolarTopps. The communication was frequent, timely, and clear throughout the process. The technicians arrived on time and communicated each step of the way. I’m extremely satisfied with their work.
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running...
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running smoothly and efficiently. It was a smart purchase.
Read More
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually...
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually called me to go over the Tesla app and make sure everything was dialed in. We highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone interested in getting solar.
Read More
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very...
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very pleased with Solar Topps and would highly recommend the company to anyone who values honesty, great customer service and good workmanship.
Read More
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything...
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything went smoothly from start to finish, and the system has been running perfectly. It’s rare to find a company this professional and dependable these days. Highly recommend them to anyone thinking about getting solar!
Read More
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were...
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were never here. Worth giving them your Solar needs project.
Read More
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from...
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from different companies. Solar Topps wasn't the cheapest, but it was truly one of the few that was local to the valley. This was important to have a local company involved and not a company that is nationwide using a contractor. One thing I learned fast is that ALL Solar Topps employees live here in the valley. Solar Topps turned out to be the best. Very organized and helpful. Also, Solar Topps designed the best system they could using APS bills. But really, they need more information to dial the system in to your usage. So do your homework and stop blaming them because you didnt give them all the pcs of the puzzle.
Also, when you're new to Solar, the customer has to define their goals to help them. I thought I knew what my goals were. I later learned my goal has changed. I started with a 50-panel 20Kwh system with 1 Powerwall 3 whole-home backup battery. I thought I would never have to buy power from APS again. It wasn't till I started going day by day at my usage and pulling my after-hours, meaning no solar production to see just how many batteries I really need to achieve this. Most people don't know this data.
This process can take longer than expected. Everything that I encountered with delays had nothing to do with them. But I blamed them in the moment. They listened and never got upset with me.
In the end, I was happy with the system they designed based on the info I gave them. After installing, my goals started changing, and I dug deep into usage. Put an energy monitor in my main panel on every circuit to see what uses what in the house. I then changed what I could to lower the usage.
I now have added 2 more Tesla Powerwall expansion batteries. I use zero power from APS and sell them nearly 4 bucks a day in power. It's nice to get paid by them and not pay them. Also, they can raise the rates all they want.t I don't use their power anymore.
Thanks, Niel, Sean, Robby, Summy, Mike, Gaurav
I have turned into a total solar geek. Thanks Solar Topps!!!!
Read More
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would...
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would not bring up my wifi. I told him I would figure it out later. He said he would check back with me to make sure I got connected. A few days later the same guy called back and got me up and running. I'm so greatful for his knowledge and patience.
Read More
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but...
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but also on quality of products.
Read More
Fixed problem quickly.
They help me with the connection issue I had and everything worked out great. Thanks for being so helpful and thanks for doing it quickly and considerably. Great job.
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and...
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and gave me great customer service. I am super happy with solar tops and would recommend them to anyone who has any type of solar needs.
Read More
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less...
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less than one day and everything was done flawless.
Read More
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and...
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and called, texted, and emailed me with each step of the process. I highly recommend SolarTopps for anyone interested in a solar energy system.
Read More
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my...
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my first two APS bills for May and June with an electric vehicle charging in a 2100 sq ft. Home for $31 and $28. They answered all my calls and followed thru with all plans. I would recommend to all my family and friends and in fact I have. Thanks again! I did my homework and it paid off.
Read More
Great company! I've had Solar Topps systems on two separate homes and have had great experiences with both. Any issue I've had has been promptly identified and addressed by them. Would highly recommend.
The customer support at Solar Topps is top notch. They helped me by walking through the process to reset my system and continued to monitor my unit until it was fixed. They are very responsive to any request for assistance.
Sean is very engaging, great customer service, answering questions and trying to help make the best choice wether it is with them or not he still wants to make sure your fully informed.
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to...
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to work with, and follow through with what they say they are going to do. Highly recommended.
Read More
It was great working with solartopps. Solar Topps did an incredible job with our solar installation! Their team was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient from start to finish. The process was seamless, with clear communication.
customer service is fantastic.........GAURAV is an excellent empoyee. helped me to restore my solar pannel production working on timely and efficient with profassinal manner
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be...
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be around for us whenever we would need them.
Read More
Had inverter replaced, great service.
Solar Topps did a great job with their proposal, which was very competitive. They worked hard getting our solar installed and up and running. Highly recommend this company.
Great service, this company stands behind their product and service is terrific. I would recommend Solar Topps for anyone considering going solar.
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery...
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery had a problem due to an error on my side and they contacted me within the same day to let me know the system was off, although I was able to restore power myself they still sent a technician out to check my system and make sure everything was ok. This company is great and goes above and beyond for their customers!
Read More
Great communication through the process. Team was neat, clean and efficient without any inconvenience. Final connection set up by Neal was thorough and timely.
Excellent customer service. Answered all of my questions, worked with me to set up the Enlighten monitoring solar production app and explained everything simply for me without “jargon”
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many...
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many panels needed, gave me different pricing options and were super patient with all my questions. I did a lot of research on Solar Companies and these guys were the only ones that didn't seem like slime balls just trying to make a sale. If you are looking for Solar you can't go wrong with these guys!
Read More
Outstanding service by team SolarTopps. Great work ethics and focus on client’s needs. I wish great success for this company! I loved the professionalism of Gaurav. 5* (5 star) performer!!
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There...
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There were many steps and everyone at Solar Topps was professional and customer oriented. Special recognition to Zak, my sales rep, John, the electrician who installed the panel upgrade and inverter, and Alex (I hope I remembered that right) and another tech who did the rooftop panel installation. They were fast, efficient, did a clean, attractive job and communicated well.
Read More
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking...
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking forward to reduced costs in electricity and having electricity when any issues come up with the grid.
Read More
Great customer service!
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of...
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of the system! He was very personable very knowledgeable and I appreciate his outstanding customer service! I highly recommend solar tops and I'm not an easy one to convince on anything...
Read More
Solar Topps is fantastic! Everything from the initial install to to follow up questions. This is a top notch company with first class customer support.
This company has not only great customer service but the materials used for the solar equipment is the best. There workmanship was great no complaints whatsoever
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect....
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect. I highly recommend Solar Topps. This is the second time I have had a solar installation and the first time was through a company through Costco and hands-down Solar Topps is a way better company with a lot better customer service. They did not cut corners or sell me cheap equipment. I’m extremely happy with the product they gave me.
Read More
Solar Topps was amazing and very responsive. They kept me updated throughout the entire process. Definitely recommend this Solar company since they are local and have been in the industry for a long time.
Extremely helpful every step of the way. To the salesman to the installers to the technicians who turned on the system.
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also...
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also have an EV that would need to be charged. Solar Topps was able to take our input of what we wanted (100% offset of electricity) and our general life style to come up with a system size to meet our needs. They even suggested that we not put all of the solar panels on the south facing roof but rather put some on our west facing roof to take advantage of the late afternoon sun to help in the summer months when TEP rate is the highest. They worked with us on every step of the process from permitting though final “Permission To Operate” (PTO) from TEP electric company. They had a very completive bid and completed the project in a reasonable time frame. We would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone that was interest in getting solar installed on their home.
Read More
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar...
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar companies are hit and run with sales people; SolarTopps is real.
Read More
Technician’s were great, staff provided updates in a timely manner
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps...
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps facility and took the time to explain every detail of their operations.
What stood out the most was their commitment to excellence. Every part of their business, from the equipment they use to their carefully thought-out practices, reflects their dedication to the highest standards. Robby’s in-depth explanations about how their processes benefit customers gave me complete confidence in their expertise and integrity.
If you’re considering solar in Phoenix, Solar Topps is the clear choice. They combine cutting edge technology with meticulous attention to detail and exceptional customer service. I wouldn’t trust or recommend anyone else!
Read More
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout...
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout the process. Overall, a great experience with Solar Topps; they definitely know their business!
Read More
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If...
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If you are in Arizona, don’t sub your work to an out of State group. These folks, sales, design, install and support are all employed by Solar Topps in Phoenix, AZ. No sub contractors. I’m very happy with the whole process. Watching my meter spin backwards as we speak!
Read More
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality...
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality of work has been outstanding, and they have shown up as scheduled.. All workers have been courteous and respectful, and responses to questions/issues timely.
In a world full of scammers and less than ethical fly-by- night outfits, Solar Topps has been board and ethical. I would recommend to friends.
Read More
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality,...
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality, professional installation of the additional panels. I am retired from an aviation maintenance / quality control career, so I expect quality when I higher a company for service and am very disappointed when hack preforms sub par workmanship. I have no hesitation recommending Solar Topps for your solar installation or upgrade. They are the best!
Read More
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the...
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the panels instead of getting locked into some weird lease system. Fortunately, I knew Mark Greene through work and asked his advice. He works with Solar Topps and was able to sit down with my family and clearly explain the pros and cons of different options, and give us a detailed picture of what we could expect. We decided it was a good move for us and signed up.
Once the process began, it went pretty much exactly as Mark described. The installers were very professional and efficient. They work directly for the company (not subcontractors) so the communication was quick and easy and their truck was clearly labeled Solar Topps. They left the work area clean when they were done and the black on black solar panels look very nice and modern.
The regulation process through the City of Phoenix and APS was definitely slow but at least proceeded smoothly. Solar Topps kept us informed of next steps and what to expect for a general timeline. So that part was as painless as possible.
Now that the system is turned on and running we are very satisfied with the results. The Tesla app makes everything about your power use and generation very clear. When nothing is turned on you can see the baseline power your house uses, and the when the heater or airconditioning turns on you can see the use jump up, which is informative. Also you can easily see how much power use was solar, battery, and grid along with a cost savings estimate.
So over all, I would highly recommend talking to Mark to get a good idea of what your different options are, and I would trust Solar Topps to give you a clean and efficient install and setup. Just keep in mind that your city and APS/SRP are going to take a while to inspect and approve everything. After that, enjoy making your own power, saving money and being secure from blackouts.
Read More
professional and helpful. I highly recommend this company
Great people to work with
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them...
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them for your solar.
Read More
excellent post-install care and support
Excellent support removing then replacing my solar as I had my roof redone. Very professional, on-time, cleaned up and answered all my questions.
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for...
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for our home. From the beginning in talking to our salesman, Sean, his communication was outstanding, answering our every question, even on weekends. Solar Topps worked with us in delaying our install, so it was convenient for us. The install of our adapted power box and solar panels was well done and organized. All of the workers from electricians to installers were all professional and friendly, and all made it a very pleasant experience for us. We look forward to the savings we will receive by going solar.
Read More
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the...
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the heat of 110. They even upgraded our monitor. Beyond happy with this company.
10-18-24:Great service once again, we had Microinverters installed and everything was fantastic. A month or so later one of our panels stopped charging but ST came over quickly and repaired the connector and our system works again perfectly. Mark was technician, worked like the pro he is. Hannah Cooper handled scheduling and communication with the expertise and grace of a professional customer service representative. We love ST and recommend them people who want a good ,secure,reliable company taking care of them.
Read More
Great customer service.
Experienced disruptions with solar communications. After several unsuccesful attempts to self-correct I called Solar Topps, the installer. Mike and his boss came, diagnosed problem and promptly corrected it. Covered by warranty. Should have called sooner.
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all...
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all of my questions and made me feel very comfortable about my decision to go with solar. I would recommend this company to anyone thinking about solar.
Read More
Solar Topps is a Great Solar Company. They are very prompt to answer any questions or service needed. I am very happy with my choice for Solar Topps.
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me...
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me navigate a difficult situation. Solar Topps was great with communication in terms of when the crew would be there to do the work. On the day of, the crew was prompt and extremely courteous, and always kept me informed about their progress. The job needed to be spanned out over a couple of days but I didn't mind because I knew it was being done right, no corners cut.
I needed to have my panels removed because of a roof leak situation that turned out not to be the fault of Solar Topps. Michael came to my property numerous times and even coordinated with my roofing company to help identify the source of the problem. Nobody wants to deal with a situation like this but Michael was extremely knowledgable and came to the site with a ton of experience (and patience!) to do whatever he could to help set things right. He thoroughly inspected the site at each critical step of the fixing process and always took the time to make sure I felt comfortable with the plan of action. He gave me great advice backed by years of experience, and like I said, he was on site (probably more than usual - which is why I say he went above and beyond) to make sure all was well. It has yet to rain again to make sure the reroofing (done by my roofing company) fixed the issue, but I feel confident in everything that Michael and the Solar Topps install team did for my particular situation.
I wouldn't wish a roof leak situation on anyone, it can get expensive fast and is very stressful... but I will say that Solar Topps treated me and the situation (which was lengthy and complex) well. I was always able to get ahold of someone and service was prompt. I've talked with a lot of solar companies and would still very highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in getting solar (just make sure your roof is SOLID before you put panels on!)
Read More
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my...
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my Panels was generating), so he ask me if I mind if he could disconnect so he could do some research, he called back promptly as he promised. Aneal walked me through everything that I need to do to understand how to log on the Solar Edge support site and monitor the output of my Panels. I had been at this for about a week and was about ready to give up. Thank you Aneal. I really appreciated you help.
Read More
Service is always fast and friendly.
Top class experience. Some of the micro inverters were not reporting and I left a message after hours. Got a call within an hour with resolution. Great customer oriented dedicated management and team. Highly recommend them!! Thanks Solar Topps team.
I called Solar Topps at 2:00 when I noticed my system was down and they came out quickly and it was back on before 5:00. Great job!!
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the...
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the issue. She was polite, patient and thorough. Solar Topps customer service is excellent.
Read More
Got my system up and running again.
Incredible service, great prices, super professional!
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create...
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create the final highly professional proposal, to hand holding all the way through the actual installation of the system, we have been impressed. Solar Topps is clearly a solid, honest, and very dependable resource in their category and, all things considered, we believe we received tremendous value from our transaction. We wholeheartedly recommend them to others.
Read More
System went down and received a quick response.
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great...
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great job and were the best price on the market! Would highly recommend. I’ve had my panels for 6 months now and it’s been fantastic!! May was our best month yet, our bill was $2 for a 2600 sq ft home.
Read More
Excellent staff. Was kept well informed of every step in the process.
The service technician did a great job correcting the problem.
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out...
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out to be an issue with the builder of my home not properly tightening the main service line to my service panel. In troubleshooting Solar Topps resolved the issue for me!
Read More
Had an issue with our solar and team was timely in helping get a resolution. When working with manager, he was receptive to feedback and worked to ensure all concerns were resolved.
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from...
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from start to finish to make sure our solar production loss was cut to a minimum. All work was done as promised!
Read More
Mark arrived on time and completed the service quickly. He addressed all my questions and helped me understand the nature of the problem and the fix. Thank you Mark and thanks Solar Topps for a quick response to my concern.
Excellent service. Had an issue with Solar Inverter registration with Tesla, resolved quickly and made sure that App is reflecting with the changes. Now I can see inverter in App and track the data. Thanks
Great company and I love my solar system.The sales representative was very professional and the construction crew did great work.
All around great company. Price service and the best part is the 25 year production guarantee.
Great solar company. Would recommend !
Great company. Good work, clean install, money saved!
Smooth and easy process, great company
Great company, loved working with them!
Seamless process, and easy to work with! Great team
Great company.
Best company I had come give a quote, worked with me and my timeline! Great sales man, not pushy at all!
Great customer service. I had a problem with my solar panels, and they came out the next day to fix them. Very professional and great service.
Solar Topps is always willing to help with any problem with a prompt resolution. Thanks Sashi
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing...
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing ever since!!! Highly recommended!
Read More
Good Solar company; quick customer care resolution team and friendly; definitely would recommend them to everyone
Installed last year. Very Professional, good service after install. Had some panel issues but pretty responsive and fixed those all in the next day or two. Highly recommended !
Solar Topps resolved a roof leak, one day after my very concerned phone call. Very satisfied, very reassuring. Thank you.
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting...
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting phase of the process. All worked out good!! 👍🏻
Read More
Extremely knowledgable, very patient and fixed my problem.... thank you so much for your help
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was...
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was impressed because it was a holiday weekend right before Christmas.
Read More
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated...
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated to us. Very happy that we went with Solar Topps.
Read More
Great service and very informative about the process
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not...
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not tech savvy so he helped me step by step! Thank you!
Read More
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of...
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of the installation process. They customized a solution that perfectly met my needs and budget, and I never felt pressured to make a decision.
The installation crew was professional and efficient. They arrived on time and worked diligently to install my solar system. The quality of their work was exceptional, and they paid attention to every detail to ensure a seamless integration with my roof. I was impressed by their expertise and dedication to delivering a top-notch installation.
Activating the system was a breeze, thanks to Solar Topps' guidance. They provided clear instructions and support throughout the process, making sure I understood how to monitor and maintain my solar system.
One of the reasons I chose Solar Topps was their use of top-quality panels. They offered a range of options, and I was able to select panels that suited my needs and budget. Knowing that I have high-quality panels installed gives me peace of mind about the long-term performance of my solar system.
To top it all off, Solar Topps offered the best price in Phoenix. I did my research and compared quotes from several companies, and Solar Topps came out on top in terms of value for money. I couldn't be happier with my decision to go solar with Solar Topps. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a reliable, professional, and cost-effective solar solution!
Read More
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and...
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and running! They were easy to work with and they handle all the little details with permits, the power company and our HOA. All I had to do was write 3 checks (almost painless).
Read More
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar...
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar Revolution!!!!
Read More
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this...
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this company. Thank you!
Read More
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free...
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free from your electric company and all their added fees, GO SOLAR! Also the Fed. is willing to pay for a hefty portion of your solar install, let Solar Topps come by your home and explain it all.
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process,...
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process, including city and APS inspections, took less time than estimated. I would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in installing solar panels.
Read More
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager,...
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager, Nolan, stayed in close contact and communicated above and beyond what we expected. Solar Topps completed the project ahead of schedule. Scot completed the very final steps efficiently and went beyond what we expected. We can’t say enough positive things about our experience.
Read More
Solar Topps replaced one of my panels that had been hit by a golf ball. They were very friendly and efficient
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We...
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We wanted to put the electric bill to rest. There are so many companies out there, selling solar. They use a line like “ we can save you money”. We didn’t want to just save money, we wanted our bill eliminated.
5 years later, we pay a few dollars in taxes on the bill, and get money back at end of the year. I feel bad for people that fall for the solar lease. We have a Pre-paid lease… which means we own our system, but they do any maintenance for 20 years. It is the best of both worlds. No monthly bills. No monthly lease to pay, no maintenance…The system paid for itself in less the 5 years
Read More
Solar Topps is absolutely Topps in the field. They are very helpful, efficient, and they know what they are doing. I am so grateful for all that was done for me to make this dream of mine come true!
Installed a 10KW system at our home in Mohave Valley, AZ. System performing at/above expectations. Install was done well, and installers were courteous and professional. Highly recommend.
Arnav was very helpful when I called. Thank you, Arnav.
Arnav (support) and Sean O'Brien (sales) are always fast in responding to all my questions. Solar panels come with a lot of new information and Solar Topps makes sure I am satisfied every time I call.
Solar Topps was SO awesome on the installation and continues to be OUTSTANDING in any customer service inquiry I have. I give them 5 stars for their follow-up and follow-thru. Thank you Solar Topps!
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!!...
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!! 10/10 recommend.
Read More
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams...
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams were also very good, hard working and from a customers’ perspective, informative and friendly. I was very pleased with the entire process and would recommend Solar Topps to anyone!
Read More
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure...
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure to follow up to insure all was corrected. Thank you so much, SolarTopps for all your great work!
Read More
Solar Topps is a great company to buy solar from. They have great pricing, many financing options, skilled staff, and provide excellent ongoing support. Would highly recommend.
They replaced an out of warranty inverter with a new one promptly and connected to my mySolar phone App also. Tech knew what was needed to be done. Excellent company.
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house...
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house have been courteous and very capable. Not one surprise. If a tech is going to be late they call you and let you know so you aren't left waiting. We went with a different solar company also on Energy Sage and cancelled our contract 10 days into it because we weren't getting called back, we were left hanging when techs didn't show up and they were using subcontractors. Really good decision to bail on that company and go with Solar Topps. A very low stress experience from beginning to end.
Read More
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the...
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the workers cracked a couple tiles on the roof which can happen when doing major roof work. But they had a quality inspector check everything and informed me about the broken tiles and they sent out a guy to replace them. This is nice because I have heard of other solar companies not advice that they broke some tiles. Originally they did not have the correct tiles and instead did a repair on the cracked ones while they looked for tiles that would replace them. Ended up coming out 3 times until they got a set of tiles that fit properly and they replaced them with no charge at all.
Only other issue i had was the central computer that reports system outputs not working but they also came out and replaced that no issues at all.
Overall very friendly and responsive support so far and I fully expect it will continue if I ever need to contact them again.
Read More
I love working with Solar Topps. They really care about there customers.
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps,...
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps, the firm that installed the solar back in 2017, to ask them to diagnose the problem. Shortly after one of their technicians scheduled an appointment to do a field inspection that disclosed burn marks on the two panel. A warranty application was promptly prepared by Solar Topps and forwarded to Hyundai, the panel manufacturer in Korea for approval. After prompt and persistent follow by Solar Topps an approval was granted. Two new panels were installed on my roof within 30 days of discovering the problem at no expense to me. I'm very grateful to the staff and management of Solar Topps for the hassle-free follow through and the standing behind of their warranty obligations......Tom Snyder
Read More
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always...
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always quickly followed up with any of my concerns. I was very happy to be working with them when one of my inverters needed to be replaced. Bradley and Mark were also two of the best technicians- very kind and knowledgeable! Thank you!
Read More
Couldn’t have asked for better customer service. I was kept informed every step of the way and any questions I had were quickly answer to my satisfaction. They took care of everything!
Neal reached out and assisted in resolving my issue after hours on a Sunday evening. Thank you.
Solar Topps installed our system three years ago. They were very responsive throughout the process leading up to activation. Their after installation support is professional and competent in addressing in issues with production. I recommend Solar Topps
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very...
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very well communicated and went very smooth. A couple minor things at the end of the install, that they mitigated pretty quickly. Overall would completely recommend.
Read More
They helped me out on their day off to help resolve my issue! Great customer service
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a...
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a couple EV chargers and a roof allowance to the financing, which was a great help. Thanks for making it all work. Thanks again!
Read More
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier...
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier to understand every step involved in the installation of the solar panels. Nolan, Tony, Neal, sangram, Harshad, and the installation crew were fantastic in keeping me informed during each step of the process. Whenever I had a question, I received an answer the same day. I really appreciate the work involved by every one from start to finish to make the completion of the project so quick, especially since I live in Tucson. I won't hesitate to refer them to my friends!
Read More
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan...
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan were and continue to be extremely helpful in every aspect.
Solar Topps is a Top Notch Professional Business. I am extremely happy and glad that I decided to go with them as my Solar System Installer.
Read More
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and...
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and would, instead, have a company travel from Tucson to Cave Creek.
We contacted a few local companies and also used Energy Sage online to get some quotes. Two responses from Energy Sage included Solar Topps and we're glad they did.
Solar Topps gave us a price equal to the lowest national quote and the hardware was better (Panasonic panels versus something else) and good Enphase electronics. They were also a couple thousand dollars less than another local company we had install our solar hot water heater system.
We had a signed contract with Solar Topps dated March 9 and our system was turned on and working April 12.
That, to us, is an incredibly fast turnaround for a good sized solar panel system. We had been prepared by other companies for a 90 day period of time start to finish, so to have it done in a few days more than A MONTH was a very pleasant surprise.
We didn't have to do ANY of the paperwork with Maricopa County or APS, Solar Topps took care of all of it in a painless fashion.
Solar Topps was a pleasure to work with every step of the way. Any questions were answered via phone or email VERY promptly and correctly.
An example:
Our system has panels oriented south and west. Solar Topps was the only company to come up with this option to maximize the efficiency of our system to take advantage of the peak power rates of APS by having some panels installed to maximize the efficiency of the total system in the afternoon when the sun is lower in the west. See the attached real-time report from our panels and an early billing report from APS where our first few days with the system running has APS paying US instead of vice-versa. (to be fair, the weather has been easy and the A/C hasn't been running, but... still that's pretty cool)
If you are thinking of solar and you're in the Phoenix metro area (or elsewhere, even), you should definitely give SERIOUS consideration to using local company around for a long time Solar Topps.
Seriously, DO IT!
Read More
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly...
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly and attentitivley. i have overall confidence in the product i purchaced and am happy with my new solar system. i definitley reccomend Solar Topps for cusomer service and thouroughness.
Read More
great response on issues and prompt fix thank you
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update....
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update. The estimated savings function is not available and it works very well!
Read More
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from...
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from beginning to end.
Highly recommend anyone looking at adding solar to their home to contact Solar Topps
Read More
Quick, efficient, professional. Very responsive to deal with unexpected issues.
I'm very impressed with the work that went into the design, permit and inspections. I have had it since 2015 and don't regret the decision I made.
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of...
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of contract to when panels would go "live". The company met the timeline. A few times since Sept. 2014 the software to monitor production was lost. On each occasion one phone call was made and a tech was out and I was able to again look on my laptop and see what my panels were producing. A neighbor of mine went with a competitor two weeks after I signed. I was live in Sept. 2014 and he was live in Jan. 15! I have no problem in referring people to Solar Topps. We received three bids and Solar Topps was the best price, we are very happy we went with them and have referred them to friends.
Read More
Absolutely no problems with huge electric bill savings.
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to...
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to change. After speaking to others in our community, attending seminars and crunching numbers, we felt solar panels was the way to go and Solar Topps offered us the best plan for our needs. I figured our breakeven point would be 8 plus years. We have had our solar panels for 6 years and next year they will have paid for themselves. The panels have been so maintenance free we tend to forget about them. If asked about it, I tell people I'm happy we went solar and would do it again.
Read More
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take...
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take care of me in no time. Looking forward for their new venture in solar so i can go for our new home.
Read More
Glad I chose Solar Topps. Would be so again.
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever...
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever made. I highly recommend them.
Read More
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from...
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from my perspective, the installation company was important but the components were more important. It is my opinion that Solar Topps uses only the best components.
Also, I wanted to own my system and get the federal tax credits. I did and with my reduced cost of installation, I calculate my investment will be returned in savings in between five and six years. All components are warranted at least 20 years. Having been a business owner before my retirement, that is an OK deal.
Leasing my system and making monthly payments instead of paying the utility company directly did/does not comply with my preferences.
The actual installation was very well done. It looks good and is strong. It has survived several wind storms, including the recent micro burst that took down hundreds of trees in our area and took down three large trees within 50 yards of my home. Damage to my solar system was zero.
Further, i receive monthly energy production reports that allow me to monitor my usage and savings on an ongoing basis. My energy production is actually better than our estimates were at the time of installation.
I am pleased with every aspect of the work Solar Topps did for us.
Read More
Excellent service in every way. Highly recommend Solar Tops.
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to...
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to my neighbors.
Read More
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! ...
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! This is absolutely the best customer service experience we have had out of all of the local companies that we have dealt with. We highly recommend Solar Topps.
Read More
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive,...
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive, Their sales rep. (Tony) took the time to walk me through the proposal, but was also extremely responsive through the full experience. Nearly every follow question I had was answered the same day. Even when there was an issue with the initial plan that was submitted to SRP, they quickly offered alternate options that still met my needs.
The installation was seamless, and even though we were near the end of the year, they managed to get everything done and turn on before the 2020 tax incentives expired. The system has been turned on for two months now and everything is performing as expected.
The only area of improvement I could suggest is that during the quoting process, it was not clear that they would not be installing a demand load management system (which is fairly standard) and the connections to see my house's power consumption/demand from the grid. Not a huge deal, but a little more clarity there would have been helpful, but would not have changed my mind in selecting them.
Overall I am extremely pleased with the system so far and have not had any surprises in my bills from SRP.
Read More
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to...
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to have our system up and running as quickly as we could. Joan and her team had our system turned on within 2.5 months. We were so impressed by this, especially considering all of the shut downs that were impacting our permitting and inspection timelines. But they made it happen! We are so happy to finally have our system running and helping us save money, especially when every bit counts. We will be recommending this company to all of our friends and neighbors that are considering going solar.
Read More
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the...
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the panels did everything he said it would do
Of
Read More
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up...
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up and were very respectful. We have been working with Solar Topps for several months as they went through the process of permits, electrical installation then the solar panels. We are looking forward to the rebate the Government will return. We should be up and running in 2 weeks after inspection and meter install. We recommend this reputable company.
Read More
EXcellent company. Excellent professional service. Strongly recommended.
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario...
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario showed up at the scheduled appointment. He and his crew were very professional and did a fantastic job. Thank you Solar Topps!
Read More
Had solar tops for 3 years love them
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was...
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was not affected still they followed up very professionally. Excellent Solar company.
Read More
Great company, excellent customer service!
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with...
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with his presentation and layout along with his explanation in regards to solar panels and there differences. He wasn't trying to push high-end panels down my throat like some other companies, I had already done all my own research in regards economy,standard and premium panel options. I went with the standard/economy blended panel option as i like to call it, signed my contract and left the rest up to solartopps. The process and installation took a while,longer then expected actually. I never complained,never bothered the company during this entire process I just let them do there thing. In the end they did me a solid, upgraded my panels to premium at no extra costs to me. They didn't have to do that,in fact most companies wouldn't even bother to offer it. In my personal opinion that's what separates a good company from a great company! Having said all that, can't forget about the installation crew! Splendid work boys! From the installation of panels and wiring of the box very clean, nicely done! Customer service department you ask? Excellent! I was updated via email thru the entire process,informed about each step was nice! Thank you all, I am very appreciative of all your efforts and for the upgraded panels.
Read More
Best service ever talk to a couple of solar company but noting like solar topp I love it!!!
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a...
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a question they were always available by phone. You could always talk with the owners of this company. Their installation crew was professional and competent. They paid close attention to detail and I am very please with the neatness of the installation. Solar Topps works closely with APS and our system was up and running within one week of final approval from the city. I recommend Solar Topps without reservation.
Read More
After interviewing 3 solar installation services, we selected SolarTopps. We were favorably impressed with their presentation and their responses to our questions. The installation was neat and professional, and the system is operating very effectively.
We have received your application and are in the process of reviewing the submission. Our team is excited to learn more about your qualifications and how they align with the requirements of the role. We will be in touch with further updates regarding the status of your application.
Please check your email inbox for meeting link and details.
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| __cf_bm | 1 hour | This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. |
| AWSALBCORS | 7 days | Amazon Web Services set this cookie for load balancing. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement | 1 year | Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". |
| CookieLawInfoConsent | 1 year | CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. |
| JSESSIONID | session | New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. |
| viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. |
| wpEmojiSettingsSupports | session | WordPress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a WordPress site. It helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| aka_debug | session | Vimeo sets this cookie which is essential for the website to play video functionality. |
| player | 1 year | Vimeo uses this cookie to save the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. |
| pvc_visits[0] | 2 minutes | Posts View Counter set this cookie to ensure accurate view counts on each page. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| AWSALB | 7 days | AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. |
| sync_active | never | This cookie is set by Vimeo and contains data on the visitor's video-content preferences, so that the website remembers parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _ga | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. |
| _ga_* | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. |
| vuid | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.solartopps.com/existing-system/solar-panel-replacement-arizona/

Call or Text Us Today (480) 940-1201
We’ve Produced Enough Power to Offset CO2 Emissions from
14,683,144
Gallons of Gasoline Consumed
5,993,120
Propane Tanks Used for Home BBQs
15,761,905,600
Smartphones Being Charged
0.0333
Coal Power Plants Annually
0.3459
Natural Gas Power Plants Annually
Over time, solar panels naturally degrade and may produce less electricity. If you notice a significant drop in system output that can’t be explained by shading or inverter issues, it may be time to evaluate a solar panel replacement or system upgrade.
Severe weather events—such as hailstorms, high winds, lightning strikes, or debris impact—can crack panels or damage internal components. Even minor damage can reduce efficiency or create safety concerns, making replacement the best long-term solution.
Solar technology has advanced rapidly in recent years. Older panels may lack today’s higher efficiency ratings, improved durability, sleeker designs, and better performance in low-light conditions. Replacing aging panels can significantly increase energy production without expanding roof space.
Even well-maintained panels eventually reach the end of their productive lifespan. If your system is approaching or beyond its warranty period, solar panel replacement can help restore reliability and maximize your return on investment.
When it comes to solar panel replacement, homeowners trust Solar Topps because we remove uncertainty from the process. Unlike many installers who face long equipment delays, we maintain strong stock availability of top-tier solar panels and components—allowing us to replace damaged or aging panels quickly without putting your system offline for weeks or months.
Our team is known for exceptional service, fast response times, and clear communication, so you’re never left wondering what’s happening with your system. From the initial assessment to final inspection, everything is handled in-house by experienced professionals, ensuring quality control, faster timelines, and a smoother overall experience. When your solar production matters, Solar Topps delivers reliable solutions—promptly, professionally, and without compromise.
Our proven track record of superior engineering, high-quality installations and
excellent customer service has earned us the highest certifications in the industry.
Replacing Solar Panels comes with significant benefits that enhance both energy efficiency and satisfaction. These include:
Improved Energy Output: New technology delivers enhanced performance, higher-wattage panels, and improved energy conversion rates.
Lower Energy Bills: A more efficient system means you’ll rely less on energy from the grid, cutting electricity costs further.
Modern Features: Enjoy benefits like smartphone-connected monitoring and advanced durability features that handle extreme weather conditions.
Higher Property Value: Upgrading your solar system makes your home more attractive to eco-conscious buyers and boosts marketability.
The timeframe for replacing solar panels depends on several factors, such as the size of the system. The complexity of the installation and the availability of replacement panels are also important. On average, the process can take anywhere from one to three days. We remove the Existing Solar Panels, inspecting the mounting structure and electrical connections. We install the new panels shortly after.
Solar panels are designed to be highly durable and typically have a lifespan of 25 to 30 years. But their efficiency may decline over time due to exposure to weather conditions, wear and tear, or advancements in solar technology. We watch the performance of your solar energy system to identify any drops in efficiency.
Factors such as physical damage, inverter malfunctions, or significant reductions in energy output may show the need for a replacement. Regular maintenance and professional inspections can help extend the lifespan of your solar panels and ensure consistent performance.
A solar inverter can malfunction due to various reasons, like electrical faults. Wear and tear over time also contributes. Common issues include overheating, which may occur if the inverter is exposed to direct sunlight. Adequate ventilation is also important here. Faulty wiring or loose connections can also lead to short circuits or improper energy conversion.
Power surges caused by lightning strikes or fluctuations in the grid can damage the inverter’s components. Regular monitoring and maintenance, such as cleaning vents, checking for error codes, and inspecting electrical connections, can help prevent these issues and ensure optimal performance of the solar inverter.
The cost of replacing solar panels can vary widely depending on several factors, including the size and type of the system, labor costs, and geographic location. On average, replacing a single solar panel can cost between $200 and $500, not including installation. If many panels need to be replaced or if extra repairs to the system are required. The total expenses can increase significantly if left unchecked.
Arizona homeowners should also consider any warranties or insurance coverage that may offset replacement costs. To get an accurate estimate, it is advisable to consult with Solar Topps, who can assess the specific needs and provide a detailed quote.
The size of your solar panel system plays a significant role in determining its cost. Larger systems, which are designed to generate more electricity, need more solar panels, inverters, and installation materials. This naturally increases both the upfront installation costs and the labor required.
Conversely, smaller systems are less expensive but may not fully meet the energy needs of a larger household or business. You should test your energy consumption patterns carefully to determine the appropriate system size.
Our team provides clear, transparent and honest answers to
help you know if getting your solar panels replaced makes sense.
Very good customer service, took the time to answer all questions and followed up every step of the way. Installers and technicians were so polite and detail oriented
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new...
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new inverter and the system is up and running. Much better system than before with an even better monitoring system and App. Solar Topps employees are very professional and their follow up and communications are great as well. Thank you Solar Topps!!!
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will...
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will definitely recommend them!
Read More
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they...
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they met the timeline they quoted. I am happy with the system performance and I would highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone looking to install a new solar system.
Read More
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time...
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time and they set them all up for us. One Powerwall we got didn't work on activation and the owner was at our house, on the phone with Tesla who authorized a replacement - which was done within 2 hrs of finding out it wasn't working. Nothing but good things to say about them. Definitely recommend.
Read More
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch....
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch. I wholeheartedly recommend them.
Read More
Great communication. Awesome job!
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was...
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was no affect to actual production to the grid or for home use). Called Solar Topps support and they worked with me to verify that the gateway had indeed failed and a repair appointment was made to replace it. Service technician was prompt and very knowledgeable regarding the repair. Overall from contacting support to repair work, I am very pleased that I chose Solar Topps for my system and their commitment to long term service and warranty work. I highly recommend this company for anyone desiring a solar
plant installation for their home or business.
Read More
The Solar Topps team is very knowledgeable, professional and customer service driven. I highly recommend them!
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar....
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar. They are extremely professional and delivered in the anticipated timeframe. Their customer service is great!!
Read More
Solar Topps did a great job designing my system. I've had it for about a month now and I have nothing bad to say about the company, their employees or the product.
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an...
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an issue reaching someone when we had questions and their service was fantastic. They showed up when they said they would and they did what they said they would do. Their field personnel from their electricians, to the panel install crew, to the engineer that came out to answer questions and walk us thru the app were the best. SolarTopps made the entire process painless and I cannot say enough good things about them. They are your choice for solar. Thank you SolarTopps!!!
Read More
Professionals all the way around. Made sure that nothing ever sat around waiting on them. Clean, solid work.
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made...
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made the entire experience seamless. Highly recommend this local company!
Read More
Very attentive, excellent communication.
The team put together a fantastic system for my household. They were friendly, and professional when talking with them. And they provided updates throughout the whole process
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t...
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t think I waited more than an hour for a response to any email or text message I sent during this process over the last three months. I found them by contacting a solar info specialist named Zak Alomari was so knowledgeable and authentic that I felt comfortable with his recommendations from the start. He was the one who recommended Solar Topps and said he wouldn’t recommend anyone else after doing this for many years because they are so far above anyone else, it’s not even close. He was right…all the way. Thank you Zak. The installation team was extremely professional, kind, and neat. The quality of the install was exceptional. I’m very detailed oriented in my personality and my job, and I noticed all the attention to detail the team took in the whole process. When we designed the system, it was clearly laid out, and we talked through several scenarios of how I might want to use it in the future or expand it so we could get it nailed down perfectly. One of the things I noticed, because I like things clean, neat and organized is the laser engraved labels on all of the elements of the electrical boxes. I did not expect this, but it makes the system’s value even higher. If/when we sell our home in the future, this adds even more value to the system. I cannot recommend them highly enough. I pay attention to service because it means a lot to me, and these guys hit it out of the park. Well done and thank you. -John E (Paradise Valley,AZ)
Read More
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly...
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly communicated each step of the way and set clear expectations on timelines.
Never realized what a complex space getting solar is. The actual install itself took 3 days (battery, conduit, electrical panel upgrade and solar panels) but the permitting, inspections and approvals were the long haul which took around 90 days - again, I didn't have to do anything. Solar Topps took care of the whole experience.
Thanks to Mark, Jesus and the installer team, Raj and Nitish for excellent communication and workmanship.
If you're curious about solar, my recommendation would be go as big as you can with your budget in terms of panel array and definitely consider a Powerwall. Given our past APS bills, our current system will pay for itself in 6 years. Thanks again Solar Topps!
Read More
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their...
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their efforts!
Read More
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I...
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I would have encountered Solar Topps when I installed the solar system because their customer service is just simply outstanding!
Read More
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar...
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar Topps came out and did the repair and charged me zero dollars.
Read More
It was excellent working with SolarTopps. The communication was frequent, timely, and clear throughout the process. The technicians arrived on time and communicated each step of the way. I’m extremely satisfied with their work.
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running...
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running smoothly and efficiently. It was a smart purchase.
Read More
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually...
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually called me to go over the Tesla app and make sure everything was dialed in. We highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone interested in getting solar.
Read More
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very...
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very pleased with Solar Topps and would highly recommend the company to anyone who values honesty, great customer service and good workmanship.
Read More
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything...
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything went smoothly from start to finish, and the system has been running perfectly. It’s rare to find a company this professional and dependable these days. Highly recommend them to anyone thinking about getting solar!
Read More
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were...
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were never here. Worth giving them your Solar needs project.
Read More
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from...
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from different companies. Solar Topps wasn't the cheapest, but it was truly one of the few that was local to the valley. This was important to have a local company involved and not a company that is nationwide using a contractor. One thing I learned fast is that ALL Solar Topps employees live here in the valley. Solar Topps turned out to be the best. Very organized and helpful. Also, Solar Topps designed the best system they could using APS bills. But really, they need more information to dial the system in to your usage. So do your homework and stop blaming them because you didnt give them all the pcs of the puzzle.
Also, when you're new to Solar, the customer has to define their goals to help them. I thought I knew what my goals were. I later learned my goal has changed. I started with a 50-panel 20Kwh system with 1 Powerwall 3 whole-home backup battery. I thought I would never have to buy power from APS again. It wasn't till I started going day by day at my usage and pulling my after-hours, meaning no solar production to see just how many batteries I really need to achieve this. Most people don't know this data.
This process can take longer than expected. Everything that I encountered with delays had nothing to do with them. But I blamed them in the moment. They listened and never got upset with me.
In the end, I was happy with the system they designed based on the info I gave them. After installing, my goals started changing, and I dug deep into usage. Put an energy monitor in my main panel on every circuit to see what uses what in the house. I then changed what I could to lower the usage.
I now have added 2 more Tesla Powerwall expansion batteries. I use zero power from APS and sell them nearly 4 bucks a day in power. It's nice to get paid by them and not pay them. Also, they can raise the rates all they want.t I don't use their power anymore.
Thanks, Niel, Sean, Robby, Summy, Mike, Gaurav
I have turned into a total solar geek. Thanks Solar Topps!!!!
Read More
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would...
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would not bring up my wifi. I told him I would figure it out later. He said he would check back with me to make sure I got connected. A few days later the same guy called back and got me up and running. I'm so greatful for his knowledge and patience.
Read More
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but...
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but also on quality of products.
Read More
Fixed problem quickly.
They help me with the connection issue I had and everything worked out great. Thanks for being so helpful and thanks for doing it quickly and considerably. Great job.
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and...
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and gave me great customer service. I am super happy with solar tops and would recommend them to anyone who has any type of solar needs.
Read More
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less...
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less than one day and everything was done flawless.
Read More
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and...
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and called, texted, and emailed me with each step of the process. I highly recommend SolarTopps for anyone interested in a solar energy system.
Read More
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my...
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my first two APS bills for May and June with an electric vehicle charging in a 2100 sq ft. Home for $31 and $28. They answered all my calls and followed thru with all plans. I would recommend to all my family and friends and in fact I have. Thanks again! I did my homework and it paid off.
Read More
Great company! I've had Solar Topps systems on two separate homes and have had great experiences with both. Any issue I've had has been promptly identified and addressed by them. Would highly recommend.
The customer support at Solar Topps is top notch. They helped me by walking through the process to reset my system and continued to monitor my unit until it was fixed. They are very responsive to any request for assistance.
Sean is very engaging, great customer service, answering questions and trying to help make the best choice wether it is with them or not he still wants to make sure your fully informed.
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to...
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to work with, and follow through with what they say they are going to do. Highly recommended.
Read More
It was great working with solartopps. Solar Topps did an incredible job with our solar installation! Their team was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient from start to finish. The process was seamless, with clear communication.
customer service is fantastic.........GAURAV is an excellent empoyee. helped me to restore my solar pannel production working on timely and efficient with profassinal manner
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be...
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be around for us whenever we would need them.
Read More
Had inverter replaced, great service.
Solar Topps did a great job with their proposal, which was very competitive. They worked hard getting our solar installed and up and running. Highly recommend this company.
Great service, this company stands behind their product and service is terrific. I would recommend Solar Topps for anyone considering going solar.
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery...
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery had a problem due to an error on my side and they contacted me within the same day to let me know the system was off, although I was able to restore power myself they still sent a technician out to check my system and make sure everything was ok. This company is great and goes above and beyond for their customers!
Read More
Great communication through the process. Team was neat, clean and efficient without any inconvenience. Final connection set up by Neal was thorough and timely.
Excellent customer service. Answered all of my questions, worked with me to set up the Enlighten monitoring solar production app and explained everything simply for me without “jargon”
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many...
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many panels needed, gave me different pricing options and were super patient with all my questions. I did a lot of research on Solar Companies and these guys were the only ones that didn't seem like slime balls just trying to make a sale. If you are looking for Solar you can't go wrong with these guys!
Read More
Outstanding service by team SolarTopps. Great work ethics and focus on client’s needs. I wish great success for this company! I loved the professionalism of Gaurav. 5* (5 star) performer!!
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There...
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There were many steps and everyone at Solar Topps was professional and customer oriented. Special recognition to Zak, my sales rep, John, the electrician who installed the panel upgrade and inverter, and Alex (I hope I remembered that right) and another tech who did the rooftop panel installation. They were fast, efficient, did a clean, attractive job and communicated well.
Read More
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking...
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking forward to reduced costs in electricity and having electricity when any issues come up with the grid.
Read More
Great customer service!
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of...
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of the system! He was very personable very knowledgeable and I appreciate his outstanding customer service! I highly recommend solar tops and I'm not an easy one to convince on anything...
Read More
Solar Topps is fantastic! Everything from the initial install to to follow up questions. This is a top notch company with first class customer support.
This company has not only great customer service but the materials used for the solar equipment is the best. There workmanship was great no complaints whatsoever
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect....
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect. I highly recommend Solar Topps. This is the second time I have had a solar installation and the first time was through a company through Costco and hands-down Solar Topps is a way better company with a lot better customer service. They did not cut corners or sell me cheap equipment. I’m extremely happy with the product they gave me.
Read More
Solar Topps was amazing and very responsive. They kept me updated throughout the entire process. Definitely recommend this Solar company since they are local and have been in the industry for a long time.
Extremely helpful every step of the way. To the salesman to the installers to the technicians who turned on the system.
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also...
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also have an EV that would need to be charged. Solar Topps was able to take our input of what we wanted (100% offset of electricity) and our general life style to come up with a system size to meet our needs. They even suggested that we not put all of the solar panels on the south facing roof but rather put some on our west facing roof to take advantage of the late afternoon sun to help in the summer months when TEP rate is the highest. They worked with us on every step of the process from permitting though final “Permission To Operate” (PTO) from TEP electric company. They had a very completive bid and completed the project in a reasonable time frame. We would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone that was interest in getting solar installed on their home.
Read More
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar...
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar companies are hit and run with sales people; SolarTopps is real.
Read More
Technician’s were great, staff provided updates in a timely manner
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps...
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps facility and took the time to explain every detail of their operations.
What stood out the most was their commitment to excellence. Every part of their business, from the equipment they use to their carefully thought-out practices, reflects their dedication to the highest standards. Robby’s in-depth explanations about how their processes benefit customers gave me complete confidence in their expertise and integrity.
If you’re considering solar in Phoenix, Solar Topps is the clear choice. They combine cutting edge technology with meticulous attention to detail and exceptional customer service. I wouldn’t trust or recommend anyone else!
Read More
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout...
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout the process. Overall, a great experience with Solar Topps; they definitely know their business!
Read More
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If...
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If you are in Arizona, don’t sub your work to an out of State group. These folks, sales, design, install and support are all employed by Solar Topps in Phoenix, AZ. No sub contractors. I’m very happy with the whole process. Watching my meter spin backwards as we speak!
Read More
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality...
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality of work has been outstanding, and they have shown up as scheduled.. All workers have been courteous and respectful, and responses to questions/issues timely.
In a world full of scammers and less than ethical fly-by- night outfits, Solar Topps has been board and ethical. I would recommend to friends.
Read More
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality,...
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality, professional installation of the additional panels. I am retired from an aviation maintenance / quality control career, so I expect quality when I higher a company for service and am very disappointed when hack preforms sub par workmanship. I have no hesitation recommending Solar Topps for your solar installation or upgrade. They are the best!
Read More
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the...
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the panels instead of getting locked into some weird lease system. Fortunately, I knew Mark Greene through work and asked his advice. He works with Solar Topps and was able to sit down with my family and clearly explain the pros and cons of different options, and give us a detailed picture of what we could expect. We decided it was a good move for us and signed up.
Once the process began, it went pretty much exactly as Mark described. The installers were very professional and efficient. They work directly for the company (not subcontractors) so the communication was quick and easy and their truck was clearly labeled Solar Topps. They left the work area clean when they were done and the black on black solar panels look very nice and modern.
The regulation process through the City of Phoenix and APS was definitely slow but at least proceeded smoothly. Solar Topps kept us informed of next steps and what to expect for a general timeline. So that part was as painless as possible.
Now that the system is turned on and running we are very satisfied with the results. The Tesla app makes everything about your power use and generation very clear. When nothing is turned on you can see the baseline power your house uses, and the when the heater or airconditioning turns on you can see the use jump up, which is informative. Also you can easily see how much power use was solar, battery, and grid along with a cost savings estimate.
So over all, I would highly recommend talking to Mark to get a good idea of what your different options are, and I would trust Solar Topps to give you a clean and efficient install and setup. Just keep in mind that your city and APS/SRP are going to take a while to inspect and approve everything. After that, enjoy making your own power, saving money and being secure from blackouts.
Read More
professional and helpful. I highly recommend this company
Great people to work with
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them...
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them for your solar.
Read More
excellent post-install care and support
Excellent support removing then replacing my solar as I had my roof redone. Very professional, on-time, cleaned up and answered all my questions.
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for...
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for our home. From the beginning in talking to our salesman, Sean, his communication was outstanding, answering our every question, even on weekends. Solar Topps worked with us in delaying our install, so it was convenient for us. The install of our adapted power box and solar panels was well done and organized. All of the workers from electricians to installers were all professional and friendly, and all made it a very pleasant experience for us. We look forward to the savings we will receive by going solar.
Read More
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the...
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the heat of 110. They even upgraded our monitor. Beyond happy with this company.
10-18-24:Great service once again, we had Microinverters installed and everything was fantastic. A month or so later one of our panels stopped charging but ST came over quickly and repaired the connector and our system works again perfectly. Mark was technician, worked like the pro he is. Hannah Cooper handled scheduling and communication with the expertise and grace of a professional customer service representative. We love ST and recommend them people who want a good ,secure,reliable company taking care of them.
Read More
Great customer service.
Experienced disruptions with solar communications. After several unsuccesful attempts to self-correct I called Solar Topps, the installer. Mike and his boss came, diagnosed problem and promptly corrected it. Covered by warranty. Should have called sooner.
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all...
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all of my questions and made me feel very comfortable about my decision to go with solar. I would recommend this company to anyone thinking about solar.
Read More
Solar Topps is a Great Solar Company. They are very prompt to answer any questions or service needed. I am very happy with my choice for Solar Topps.
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me...
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me navigate a difficult situation. Solar Topps was great with communication in terms of when the crew would be there to do the work. On the day of, the crew was prompt and extremely courteous, and always kept me informed about their progress. The job needed to be spanned out over a couple of days but I didn't mind because I knew it was being done right, no corners cut.
I needed to have my panels removed because of a roof leak situation that turned out not to be the fault of Solar Topps. Michael came to my property numerous times and even coordinated with my roofing company to help identify the source of the problem. Nobody wants to deal with a situation like this but Michael was extremely knowledgable and came to the site with a ton of experience (and patience!) to do whatever he could to help set things right. He thoroughly inspected the site at each critical step of the fixing process and always took the time to make sure I felt comfortable with the plan of action. He gave me great advice backed by years of experience, and like I said, he was on site (probably more than usual - which is why I say he went above and beyond) to make sure all was well. It has yet to rain again to make sure the reroofing (done by my roofing company) fixed the issue, but I feel confident in everything that Michael and the Solar Topps install team did for my particular situation.
I wouldn't wish a roof leak situation on anyone, it can get expensive fast and is very stressful... but I will say that Solar Topps treated me and the situation (which was lengthy and complex) well. I was always able to get ahold of someone and service was prompt. I've talked with a lot of solar companies and would still very highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in getting solar (just make sure your roof is SOLID before you put panels on!)
Read More
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my...
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my Panels was generating), so he ask me if I mind if he could disconnect so he could do some research, he called back promptly as he promised. Aneal walked me through everything that I need to do to understand how to log on the Solar Edge support site and monitor the output of my Panels. I had been at this for about a week and was about ready to give up. Thank you Aneal. I really appreciated you help.
Read More
Service is always fast and friendly.
Top class experience. Some of the micro inverters were not reporting and I left a message after hours. Got a call within an hour with resolution. Great customer oriented dedicated management and team. Highly recommend them!! Thanks Solar Topps team.
I called Solar Topps at 2:00 when I noticed my system was down and they came out quickly and it was back on before 5:00. Great job!!
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the...
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the issue. She was polite, patient and thorough. Solar Topps customer service is excellent.
Read More
Got my system up and running again.
Incredible service, great prices, super professional!
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create...
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create the final highly professional proposal, to hand holding all the way through the actual installation of the system, we have been impressed. Solar Topps is clearly a solid, honest, and very dependable resource in their category and, all things considered, we believe we received tremendous value from our transaction. We wholeheartedly recommend them to others.
Read More
System went down and received a quick response.
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great...
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great job and were the best price on the market! Would highly recommend. I’ve had my panels for 6 months now and it’s been fantastic!! May was our best month yet, our bill was $2 for a 2600 sq ft home.
Read More
Excellent staff. Was kept well informed of every step in the process.
The service technician did a great job correcting the problem.
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out...
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out to be an issue with the builder of my home not properly tightening the main service line to my service panel. In troubleshooting Solar Topps resolved the issue for me!
Read More
Had an issue with our solar and team was timely in helping get a resolution. When working with manager, he was receptive to feedback and worked to ensure all concerns were resolved.
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from...
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from start to finish to make sure our solar production loss was cut to a minimum. All work was done as promised!
Read More
Mark arrived on time and completed the service quickly. He addressed all my questions and helped me understand the nature of the problem and the fix. Thank you Mark and thanks Solar Topps for a quick response to my concern.
Excellent service. Had an issue with Solar Inverter registration with Tesla, resolved quickly and made sure that App is reflecting with the changes. Now I can see inverter in App and track the data. Thanks
Great company and I love my solar system.The sales representative was very professional and the construction crew did great work.
All around great company. Price service and the best part is the 25 year production guarantee.
Great solar company. Would recommend !
Great company. Good work, clean install, money saved!
Smooth and easy process, great company
Great company, loved working with them!
Seamless process, and easy to work with! Great team
Great company.
Best company I had come give a quote, worked with me and my timeline! Great sales man, not pushy at all!
Great customer service. I had a problem with my solar panels, and they came out the next day to fix them. Very professional and great service.
Solar Topps is always willing to help with any problem with a prompt resolution. Thanks Sashi
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing...
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing ever since!!! Highly recommended!
Read More
Good Solar company; quick customer care resolution team and friendly; definitely would recommend them to everyone
Installed last year. Very Professional, good service after install. Had some panel issues but pretty responsive and fixed those all in the next day or two. Highly recommended !
Solar Topps resolved a roof leak, one day after my very concerned phone call. Very satisfied, very reassuring. Thank you.
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting...
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting phase of the process. All worked out good!! 👍🏻
Read More
Extremely knowledgable, very patient and fixed my problem.... thank you so much for your help
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was...
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was impressed because it was a holiday weekend right before Christmas.
Read More
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated...
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated to us. Very happy that we went with Solar Topps.
Read More
Great service and very informative about the process
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not...
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not tech savvy so he helped me step by step! Thank you!
Read More
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of...
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of the installation process. They customized a solution that perfectly met my needs and budget, and I never felt pressured to make a decision.
The installation crew was professional and efficient. They arrived on time and worked diligently to install my solar system. The quality of their work was exceptional, and they paid attention to every detail to ensure a seamless integration with my roof. I was impressed by their expertise and dedication to delivering a top-notch installation.
Activating the system was a breeze, thanks to Solar Topps' guidance. They provided clear instructions and support throughout the process, making sure I understood how to monitor and maintain my solar system.
One of the reasons I chose Solar Topps was their use of top-quality panels. They offered a range of options, and I was able to select panels that suited my needs and budget. Knowing that I have high-quality panels installed gives me peace of mind about the long-term performance of my solar system.
To top it all off, Solar Topps offered the best price in Phoenix. I did my research and compared quotes from several companies, and Solar Topps came out on top in terms of value for money. I couldn't be happier with my decision to go solar with Solar Topps. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a reliable, professional, and cost-effective solar solution!
Read More
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and...
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and running! They were easy to work with and they handle all the little details with permits, the power company and our HOA. All I had to do was write 3 checks (almost painless).
Read More
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar...
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar Revolution!!!!
Read More
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this...
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this company. Thank you!
Read More
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free...
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free from your electric company and all their added fees, GO SOLAR! Also the Fed. is willing to pay for a hefty portion of your solar install, let Solar Topps come by your home and explain it all.
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process,...
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process, including city and APS inspections, took less time than estimated. I would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in installing solar panels.
Read More
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager,...
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager, Nolan, stayed in close contact and communicated above and beyond what we expected. Solar Topps completed the project ahead of schedule. Scot completed the very final steps efficiently and went beyond what we expected. We can’t say enough positive things about our experience.
Read More
Solar Topps replaced one of my panels that had been hit by a golf ball. They were very friendly and efficient
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We...
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We wanted to put the electric bill to rest. There are so many companies out there, selling solar. They use a line like “ we can save you money”. We didn’t want to just save money, we wanted our bill eliminated.
5 years later, we pay a few dollars in taxes on the bill, and get money back at end of the year. I feel bad for people that fall for the solar lease. We have a Pre-paid lease… which means we own our system, but they do any maintenance for 20 years. It is the best of both worlds. No monthly bills. No monthly lease to pay, no maintenance…The system paid for itself in less the 5 years
Read More
Solar Topps is absolutely Topps in the field. They are very helpful, efficient, and they know what they are doing. I am so grateful for all that was done for me to make this dream of mine come true!
Installed a 10KW system at our home in Mohave Valley, AZ. System performing at/above expectations. Install was done well, and installers were courteous and professional. Highly recommend.
Arnav was very helpful when I called. Thank you, Arnav.
Arnav (support) and Sean O'Brien (sales) are always fast in responding to all my questions. Solar panels come with a lot of new information and Solar Topps makes sure I am satisfied every time I call.
Solar Topps was SO awesome on the installation and continues to be OUTSTANDING in any customer service inquiry I have. I give them 5 stars for their follow-up and follow-thru. Thank you Solar Topps!
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!!...
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!! 10/10 recommend.
Read More
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams...
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams were also very good, hard working and from a customers’ perspective, informative and friendly. I was very pleased with the entire process and would recommend Solar Topps to anyone!
Read More
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure...
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure to follow up to insure all was corrected. Thank you so much, SolarTopps for all your great work!
Read More
Solar Topps is a great company to buy solar from. They have great pricing, many financing options, skilled staff, and provide excellent ongoing support. Would highly recommend.
They replaced an out of warranty inverter with a new one promptly and connected to my mySolar phone App also. Tech knew what was needed to be done. Excellent company.
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house...
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house have been courteous and very capable. Not one surprise. If a tech is going to be late they call you and let you know so you aren't left waiting. We went with a different solar company also on Energy Sage and cancelled our contract 10 days into it because we weren't getting called back, we were left hanging when techs didn't show up and they were using subcontractors. Really good decision to bail on that company and go with Solar Topps. A very low stress experience from beginning to end.
Read More
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the...
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the workers cracked a couple tiles on the roof which can happen when doing major roof work. But they had a quality inspector check everything and informed me about the broken tiles and they sent out a guy to replace them. This is nice because I have heard of other solar companies not advice that they broke some tiles. Originally they did not have the correct tiles and instead did a repair on the cracked ones while they looked for tiles that would replace them. Ended up coming out 3 times until they got a set of tiles that fit properly and they replaced them with no charge at all.
Only other issue i had was the central computer that reports system outputs not working but they also came out and replaced that no issues at all.
Overall very friendly and responsive support so far and I fully expect it will continue if I ever need to contact them again.
Read More
I love working with Solar Topps. They really care about there customers.
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps,...
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps, the firm that installed the solar back in 2017, to ask them to diagnose the problem. Shortly after one of their technicians scheduled an appointment to do a field inspection that disclosed burn marks on the two panel. A warranty application was promptly prepared by Solar Topps and forwarded to Hyundai, the panel manufacturer in Korea for approval. After prompt and persistent follow by Solar Topps an approval was granted. Two new panels were installed on my roof within 30 days of discovering the problem at no expense to me. I'm very grateful to the staff and management of Solar Topps for the hassle-free follow through and the standing behind of their warranty obligations......Tom Snyder
Read More
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always...
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always quickly followed up with any of my concerns. I was very happy to be working with them when one of my inverters needed to be replaced. Bradley and Mark were also two of the best technicians- very kind and knowledgeable! Thank you!
Read More
Couldn’t have asked for better customer service. I was kept informed every step of the way and any questions I had were quickly answer to my satisfaction. They took care of everything!
Neal reached out and assisted in resolving my issue after hours on a Sunday evening. Thank you.
Solar Topps installed our system three years ago. They were very responsive throughout the process leading up to activation. Their after installation support is professional and competent in addressing in issues with production. I recommend Solar Topps
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very...
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very well communicated and went very smooth. A couple minor things at the end of the install, that they mitigated pretty quickly. Overall would completely recommend.
Read More
They helped me out on their day off to help resolve my issue! Great customer service
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a...
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a couple EV chargers and a roof allowance to the financing, which was a great help. Thanks for making it all work. Thanks again!
Read More
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier...
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier to understand every step involved in the installation of the solar panels. Nolan, Tony, Neal, sangram, Harshad, and the installation crew were fantastic in keeping me informed during each step of the process. Whenever I had a question, I received an answer the same day. I really appreciate the work involved by every one from start to finish to make the completion of the project so quick, especially since I live in Tucson. I won't hesitate to refer them to my friends!
Read More
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan...
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan were and continue to be extremely helpful in every aspect.
Solar Topps is a Top Notch Professional Business. I am extremely happy and glad that I decided to go with them as my Solar System Installer.
Read More
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and...
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and would, instead, have a company travel from Tucson to Cave Creek.
We contacted a few local companies and also used Energy Sage online to get some quotes. Two responses from Energy Sage included Solar Topps and we're glad they did.
Solar Topps gave us a price equal to the lowest national quote and the hardware was better (Panasonic panels versus something else) and good Enphase electronics. They were also a couple thousand dollars less than another local company we had install our solar hot water heater system.
We had a signed contract with Solar Topps dated March 9 and our system was turned on and working April 12.
That, to us, is an incredibly fast turnaround for a good sized solar panel system. We had been prepared by other companies for a 90 day period of time start to finish, so to have it done in a few days more than A MONTH was a very pleasant surprise.
We didn't have to do ANY of the paperwork with Maricopa County or APS, Solar Topps took care of all of it in a painless fashion.
Solar Topps was a pleasure to work with every step of the way. Any questions were answered via phone or email VERY promptly and correctly.
An example:
Our system has panels oriented south and west. Solar Topps was the only company to come up with this option to maximize the efficiency of our system to take advantage of the peak power rates of APS by having some panels installed to maximize the efficiency of the total system in the afternoon when the sun is lower in the west. See the attached real-time report from our panels and an early billing report from APS where our first few days with the system running has APS paying US instead of vice-versa. (to be fair, the weather has been easy and the A/C hasn't been running, but... still that's pretty cool)
If you are thinking of solar and you're in the Phoenix metro area (or elsewhere, even), you should definitely give SERIOUS consideration to using local company around for a long time Solar Topps.
Seriously, DO IT!
Read More
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly...
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly and attentitivley. i have overall confidence in the product i purchaced and am happy with my new solar system. i definitley reccomend Solar Topps for cusomer service and thouroughness.
Read More
great response on issues and prompt fix thank you
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update....
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update. The estimated savings function is not available and it works very well!
Read More
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from...
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from beginning to end.
Highly recommend anyone looking at adding solar to their home to contact Solar Topps
Read More
Quick, efficient, professional. Very responsive to deal with unexpected issues.
I'm very impressed with the work that went into the design, permit and inspections. I have had it since 2015 and don't regret the decision I made.
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of...
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of contract to when panels would go "live". The company met the timeline. A few times since Sept. 2014 the software to monitor production was lost. On each occasion one phone call was made and a tech was out and I was able to again look on my laptop and see what my panels were producing. A neighbor of mine went with a competitor two weeks after I signed. I was live in Sept. 2014 and he was live in Jan. 15! I have no problem in referring people to Solar Topps. We received three bids and Solar Topps was the best price, we are very happy we went with them and have referred them to friends.
Read More
Absolutely no problems with huge electric bill savings.
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to...
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to change. After speaking to others in our community, attending seminars and crunching numbers, we felt solar panels was the way to go and Solar Topps offered us the best plan for our needs. I figured our breakeven point would be 8 plus years. We have had our solar panels for 6 years and next year they will have paid for themselves. The panels have been so maintenance free we tend to forget about them. If asked about it, I tell people I'm happy we went solar and would do it again.
Read More
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take...
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take care of me in no time. Looking forward for their new venture in solar so i can go for our new home.
Read More
Glad I chose Solar Topps. Would be so again.
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever...
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever made. I highly recommend them.
Read More
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from...
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from my perspective, the installation company was important but the components were more important. It is my opinion that Solar Topps uses only the best components.
Also, I wanted to own my system and get the federal tax credits. I did and with my reduced cost of installation, I calculate my investment will be returned in savings in between five and six years. All components are warranted at least 20 years. Having been a business owner before my retirement, that is an OK deal.
Leasing my system and making monthly payments instead of paying the utility company directly did/does not comply with my preferences.
The actual installation was very well done. It looks good and is strong. It has survived several wind storms, including the recent micro burst that took down hundreds of trees in our area and took down three large trees within 50 yards of my home. Damage to my solar system was zero.
Further, i receive monthly energy production reports that allow me to monitor my usage and savings on an ongoing basis. My energy production is actually better than our estimates were at the time of installation.
I am pleased with every aspect of the work Solar Topps did for us.
Read More
Excellent service in every way. Highly recommend Solar Tops.
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to...
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to my neighbors.
Read More
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! ...
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! This is absolutely the best customer service experience we have had out of all of the local companies that we have dealt with. We highly recommend Solar Topps.
Read More
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive,...
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive, Their sales rep. (Tony) took the time to walk me through the proposal, but was also extremely responsive through the full experience. Nearly every follow question I had was answered the same day. Even when there was an issue with the initial plan that was submitted to SRP, they quickly offered alternate options that still met my needs.
The installation was seamless, and even though we were near the end of the year, they managed to get everything done and turn on before the 2020 tax incentives expired. The system has been turned on for two months now and everything is performing as expected.
The only area of improvement I could suggest is that during the quoting process, it was not clear that they would not be installing a demand load management system (which is fairly standard) and the connections to see my house's power consumption/demand from the grid. Not a huge deal, but a little more clarity there would have been helpful, but would not have changed my mind in selecting them.
Overall I am extremely pleased with the system so far and have not had any surprises in my bills from SRP.
Read More
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to...
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to have our system up and running as quickly as we could. Joan and her team had our system turned on within 2.5 months. We were so impressed by this, especially considering all of the shut downs that were impacting our permitting and inspection timelines. But they made it happen! We are so happy to finally have our system running and helping us save money, especially when every bit counts. We will be recommending this company to all of our friends and neighbors that are considering going solar.
Read More
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the...
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the panels did everything he said it would do
Of
Read More
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up...
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up and were very respectful. We have been working with Solar Topps for several months as they went through the process of permits, electrical installation then the solar panels. We are looking forward to the rebate the Government will return. We should be up and running in 2 weeks after inspection and meter install. We recommend this reputable company.
Read More
EXcellent company. Excellent professional service. Strongly recommended.
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario...
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario showed up at the scheduled appointment. He and his crew were very professional and did a fantastic job. Thank you Solar Topps!
Read More
Had solar tops for 3 years love them
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was...
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was not affected still they followed up very professionally. Excellent Solar company.
Read More
Great company, excellent customer service!
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with...
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with his presentation and layout along with his explanation in regards to solar panels and there differences. He wasn't trying to push high-end panels down my throat like some other companies, I had already done all my own research in regards economy,standard and premium panel options. I went with the standard/economy blended panel option as i like to call it, signed my contract and left the rest up to solartopps. The process and installation took a while,longer then expected actually. I never complained,never bothered the company during this entire process I just let them do there thing. In the end they did me a solid, upgraded my panels to premium at no extra costs to me. They didn't have to do that,in fact most companies wouldn't even bother to offer it. In my personal opinion that's what separates a good company from a great company! Having said all that, can't forget about the installation crew! Splendid work boys! From the installation of panels and wiring of the box very clean, nicely done! Customer service department you ask? Excellent! I was updated via email thru the entire process,informed about each step was nice! Thank you all, I am very appreciative of all your efforts and for the upgraded panels.
Read More
Best service ever talk to a couple of solar company but noting like solar topp I love it!!!
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a...
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a question they were always available by phone. You could always talk with the owners of this company. Their installation crew was professional and competent. They paid close attention to detail and I am very please with the neatness of the installation. Solar Topps works closely with APS and our system was up and running within one week of final approval from the city. I recommend Solar Topps without reservation.
Read More
After interviewing 3 solar installation services, we selected SolarTopps. We were favorably impressed with their presentation and their responses to our questions. The installation was neat and professional, and the system is operating very effectively.
We have received your application and are in the process of reviewing the submission. Our team is excited to learn more about your qualifications and how they align with the requirements of the role. We will be in touch with further updates regarding the status of your application.
Please check your email inbox for meeting link and details.
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| __cf_bm | 1 hour | This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. |
| AWSALBCORS | 7 days | Amazon Web Services set this cookie for load balancing. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement | 1 year | Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". |
| CookieLawInfoConsent | 1 year | CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. |
| JSESSIONID | session | New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. |
| viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. |
| wpEmojiSettingsSupports | session | WordPress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a WordPress site. It helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| aka_debug | session | Vimeo sets this cookie which is essential for the website to play video functionality. |
| player | 1 year | Vimeo uses this cookie to save the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. |
| pvc_visits[0] | 2 minutes | Posts View Counter set this cookie to ensure accurate view counts on each page. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| AWSALB | 7 days | AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. |
| sync_active | never | This cookie is set by Vimeo and contains data on the visitor's video-content preferences, so that the website remembers parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _ga | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. |
| _ga_* | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. |
| vuid | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.solartopps.com/existing-system/solar-battery-replacement-arizona/

Call or Text Us Today (480) 940-1201
We’ve Produced Enough Power to Offset CO2 Emissions from
14,683,144
Gallons of Gasoline Consumed
5,993,120
Propane Tanks Used for Home BBQs
15,761,905,600
Smartphones Being Charged
0.0333
Coal Power Plants Annually
0.3459
Natural Gas Power Plants Annually
Over time, battery storage capacity declines, resulting in shorter backup duration and less reliable power during outages.
Aging batteries often trigger fault codes, communication issues, or inconsistent charging behavior that can compromise system performance.
Newer battery backup systems offer higher usable capacity, faster response times, improved safety features, and better whole-home backup capabilities.
Charge your battery from the grid when energy is cheapest and protect your home from rate hikes, peak pricing, demand fees and unpredictable power outages. Lower your utility bill and offset rising electricity costs with a battery-only energy system from Solar Topps. Whether a new installation or an addition to an existing system, we’ve got you covered.
Contact for a Free Site EvaluationCustomers choose Solar Topps because replacing a battery backup system is an engineering project—not a simple swap. Our team includes in-house engineers and senior technicians with hands-on experience across legacy battery systems, mixed inverter platforms, partial and whole-home backup configurations, and utility-specific interconnection requirements.
We understand how batteries integrate with existing solar arrays, load centers, transfer switches, and monitoring software, and we design each replacement to function safely, efficiently, and reliably within your current infrastructure.
We routinely handle complex replacement scenarios—including discontinued equipment, undersized or improperly designed original systems, service panel constraints, and homeowners upgrading from partial backup to whole-home backup. Because we maintain an active battery inventory and supporting hardware, we can respond quickly without compromising on system design or electrical standards. Every replacement is evaluated, engineered, installed, and commissioned by our internal team, ensuring tight quality control, faster timelines, and long-term performance you can trust.
For homeowners who care about system integrity, electrical precision, and future-proof performance, Solar Topps delivers battery replacements done correctly the first time—even when the job isn’t simple.
Our proven track record of superior engineering, high-quality installations and
excellent customer service has earned us the highest certifications in the industry.
A well-maintained solar battery will perform better and last longer. Here’s how to extend the life of your new battery:
By following these recommendations, you’ll maximize both your savings and your battery’s lifespan.
Replacing a solar battery typically costs between $5,000 and $15,000, depending on factors like battery type, capacity, and installation complexity. Lithium-ion batteries are more expensive but offer better efficiency and longevity than lead-acid options. Get a quote from a certified installer like Solar Topps.
Battery Type: Lithium-ion batteries are more expensive upfront but offer a better ROI over time due to their durability and efficiency.
Capacity Requirement: Larger-capacity batteries cost more but store more energy.
Labor Costs: Installation fees depend on local rates and the complexity of the replacement.
Warranty Coverage: Some solar batteries come with warranties that may partially offset replacement costs.
A residential solar battery is a device that stores the excess energy produced by your solar panels during the day. This stored energy can be used:
By replacing traditional energy usage with solar power stored in a reliable battery, you maximize the return on your solar investment. However, like all batteries, solar batteries have a limited lifespan, requiring replacement to maintain your system’s efficiency.
One common main wiring issue is improper grounding. Grounding refers to the process of connecting all metal parts of a solar power system to an external grounding rod or conductor. This helps prevent electric shock and damage from lightning strikes. If your solar battery is not properly grounded, it can lead to safety hazards and potential damage to your system.
Identifying improper grounding involves inspecting the wiring and connections of your solar power system. Look for loose or disconnected wires, particularly those connected to the grounding rod.
Testing with a multimeter can verify proper conductivity and ensure that the system is safely grounded. Anomalies in the performance of your solar battery, such as unexpected surges or frequent tripping of circuit breakers, may also indicate grounding issues.
Resolving grounding issues requires careful attention to safety and compliance with electrical codes. Start by turning off the system’s power before making adjustments. Securely connect all grounding wires to the designated grounding rod, ensuring a solid and unobstructed connection.
If you’re unsure of how to proceed, consulting a licensed technician or electrician is highly recommended to avoid risks and ensure the longevity of your system. Regular system inspections can also help prevent grounding issues from recurring.
Our team provides clear, transparent and honest answers and pricing to help
you know if getting your existing battery backup system replaced makes sense.
Very good customer service, took the time to answer all questions and followed up every step of the way. Installers and technicians were so polite and detail oriented
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new...
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new inverter and the system is up and running. Much better system than before with an even better monitoring system and App. Solar Topps employees are very professional and their follow up and communications are great as well. Thank you Solar Topps!!!
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will...
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will definitely recommend them!
Read More
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they...
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they met the timeline they quoted. I am happy with the system performance and I would highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone looking to install a new solar system.
Read More
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time...
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time and they set them all up for us. One Powerwall we got didn't work on activation and the owner was at our house, on the phone with Tesla who authorized a replacement - which was done within 2 hrs of finding out it wasn't working. Nothing but good things to say about them. Definitely recommend.
Read More
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch....
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch. I wholeheartedly recommend them.
Read More
Great communication. Awesome job!
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was...
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was no affect to actual production to the grid or for home use). Called Solar Topps support and they worked with me to verify that the gateway had indeed failed and a repair appointment was made to replace it. Service technician was prompt and very knowledgeable regarding the repair. Overall from contacting support to repair work, I am very pleased that I chose Solar Topps for my system and their commitment to long term service and warranty work. I highly recommend this company for anyone desiring a solar
plant installation for their home or business.
Read More
The Solar Topps team is very knowledgeable, professional and customer service driven. I highly recommend them!
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar....
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar. They are extremely professional and delivered in the anticipated timeframe. Their customer service is great!!
Read More
Solar Topps did a great job designing my system. I've had it for about a month now and I have nothing bad to say about the company, their employees or the product.
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an...
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an issue reaching someone when we had questions and their service was fantastic. They showed up when they said they would and they did what they said they would do. Their field personnel from their electricians, to the panel install crew, to the engineer that came out to answer questions and walk us thru the app were the best. SolarTopps made the entire process painless and I cannot say enough good things about them. They are your choice for solar. Thank you SolarTopps!!!
Read More
Professionals all the way around. Made sure that nothing ever sat around waiting on them. Clean, solid work.
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made...
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made the entire experience seamless. Highly recommend this local company!
Read More
Very attentive, excellent communication.
The team put together a fantastic system for my household. They were friendly, and professional when talking with them. And they provided updates throughout the whole process
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t...
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t think I waited more than an hour for a response to any email or text message I sent during this process over the last three months. I found them by contacting a solar info specialist named Zak Alomari was so knowledgeable and authentic that I felt comfortable with his recommendations from the start. He was the one who recommended Solar Topps and said he wouldn’t recommend anyone else after doing this for many years because they are so far above anyone else, it’s not even close. He was right…all the way. Thank you Zak. The installation team was extremely professional, kind, and neat. The quality of the install was exceptional. I’m very detailed oriented in my personality and my job, and I noticed all the attention to detail the team took in the whole process. When we designed the system, it was clearly laid out, and we talked through several scenarios of how I might want to use it in the future or expand it so we could get it nailed down perfectly. One of the things I noticed, because I like things clean, neat and organized is the laser engraved labels on all of the elements of the electrical boxes. I did not expect this, but it makes the system’s value even higher. If/when we sell our home in the future, this adds even more value to the system. I cannot recommend them highly enough. I pay attention to service because it means a lot to me, and these guys hit it out of the park. Well done and thank you. -John E (Paradise Valley,AZ)
Read More
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly...
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly communicated each step of the way and set clear expectations on timelines.
Never realized what a complex space getting solar is. The actual install itself took 3 days (battery, conduit, electrical panel upgrade and solar panels) but the permitting, inspections and approvals were the long haul which took around 90 days - again, I didn't have to do anything. Solar Topps took care of the whole experience.
Thanks to Mark, Jesus and the installer team, Raj and Nitish for excellent communication and workmanship.
If you're curious about solar, my recommendation would be go as big as you can with your budget in terms of panel array and definitely consider a Powerwall. Given our past APS bills, our current system will pay for itself in 6 years. Thanks again Solar Topps!
Read More
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their...
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their efforts!
Read More
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I...
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I would have encountered Solar Topps when I installed the solar system because their customer service is just simply outstanding!
Read More
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar...
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar Topps came out and did the repair and charged me zero dollars.
Read More
It was excellent working with SolarTopps. The communication was frequent, timely, and clear throughout the process. The technicians arrived on time and communicated each step of the way. I’m extremely satisfied with their work.
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running...
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running smoothly and efficiently. It was a smart purchase.
Read More
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually...
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually called me to go over the Tesla app and make sure everything was dialed in. We highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone interested in getting solar.
Read More
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very...
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very pleased with Solar Topps and would highly recommend the company to anyone who values honesty, great customer service and good workmanship.
Read More
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything...
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything went smoothly from start to finish, and the system has been running perfectly. It’s rare to find a company this professional and dependable these days. Highly recommend them to anyone thinking about getting solar!
Read More
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were...
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were never here. Worth giving them your Solar needs project.
Read More
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from...
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from different companies. Solar Topps wasn't the cheapest, but it was truly one of the few that was local to the valley. This was important to have a local company involved and not a company that is nationwide using a contractor. One thing I learned fast is that ALL Solar Topps employees live here in the valley. Solar Topps turned out to be the best. Very organized and helpful. Also, Solar Topps designed the best system they could using APS bills. But really, they need more information to dial the system in to your usage. So do your homework and stop blaming them because you didnt give them all the pcs of the puzzle.
Also, when you're new to Solar, the customer has to define their goals to help them. I thought I knew what my goals were. I later learned my goal has changed. I started with a 50-panel 20Kwh system with 1 Powerwall 3 whole-home backup battery. I thought I would never have to buy power from APS again. It wasn't till I started going day by day at my usage and pulling my after-hours, meaning no solar production to see just how many batteries I really need to achieve this. Most people don't know this data.
This process can take longer than expected. Everything that I encountered with delays had nothing to do with them. But I blamed them in the moment. They listened and never got upset with me.
In the end, I was happy with the system they designed based on the info I gave them. After installing, my goals started changing, and I dug deep into usage. Put an energy monitor in my main panel on every circuit to see what uses what in the house. I then changed what I could to lower the usage.
I now have added 2 more Tesla Powerwall expansion batteries. I use zero power from APS and sell them nearly 4 bucks a day in power. It's nice to get paid by them and not pay them. Also, they can raise the rates all they want.t I don't use their power anymore.
Thanks, Niel, Sean, Robby, Summy, Mike, Gaurav
I have turned into a total solar geek. Thanks Solar Topps!!!!
Read More
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would...
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would not bring up my wifi. I told him I would figure it out later. He said he would check back with me to make sure I got connected. A few days later the same guy called back and got me up and running. I'm so greatful for his knowledge and patience.
Read More
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but...
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but also on quality of products.
Read More
Fixed problem quickly.
They help me with the connection issue I had and everything worked out great. Thanks for being so helpful and thanks for doing it quickly and considerably. Great job.
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and...
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and gave me great customer service. I am super happy with solar tops and would recommend them to anyone who has any type of solar needs.
Read More
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less...
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less than one day and everything was done flawless.
Read More
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and...
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and called, texted, and emailed me with each step of the process. I highly recommend SolarTopps for anyone interested in a solar energy system.
Read More
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my...
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my first two APS bills for May and June with an electric vehicle charging in a 2100 sq ft. Home for $31 and $28. They answered all my calls and followed thru with all plans. I would recommend to all my family and friends and in fact I have. Thanks again! I did my homework and it paid off.
Read More
Great company! I've had Solar Topps systems on two separate homes and have had great experiences with both. Any issue I've had has been promptly identified and addressed by them. Would highly recommend.
The customer support at Solar Topps is top notch. They helped me by walking through the process to reset my system and continued to monitor my unit until it was fixed. They are very responsive to any request for assistance.
Sean is very engaging, great customer service, answering questions and trying to help make the best choice wether it is with them or not he still wants to make sure your fully informed.
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to...
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to work with, and follow through with what they say they are going to do. Highly recommended.
Read More
It was great working with solartopps. Solar Topps did an incredible job with our solar installation! Their team was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient from start to finish. The process was seamless, with clear communication.
customer service is fantastic.........GAURAV is an excellent empoyee. helped me to restore my solar pannel production working on timely and efficient with profassinal manner
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be...
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be around for us whenever we would need them.
Read More
Had inverter replaced, great service.
Solar Topps did a great job with their proposal, which was very competitive. They worked hard getting our solar installed and up and running. Highly recommend this company.
Great service, this company stands behind their product and service is terrific. I would recommend Solar Topps for anyone considering going solar.
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery...
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery had a problem due to an error on my side and they contacted me within the same day to let me know the system was off, although I was able to restore power myself they still sent a technician out to check my system and make sure everything was ok. This company is great and goes above and beyond for their customers!
Read More
Great communication through the process. Team was neat, clean and efficient without any inconvenience. Final connection set up by Neal was thorough and timely.
Excellent customer service. Answered all of my questions, worked with me to set up the Enlighten monitoring solar production app and explained everything simply for me without “jargon”
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many...
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many panels needed, gave me different pricing options and were super patient with all my questions. I did a lot of research on Solar Companies and these guys were the only ones that didn't seem like slime balls just trying to make a sale. If you are looking for Solar you can't go wrong with these guys!
Read More
Outstanding service by team SolarTopps. Great work ethics and focus on client’s needs. I wish great success for this company! I loved the professionalism of Gaurav. 5* (5 star) performer!!
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There...
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There were many steps and everyone at Solar Topps was professional and customer oriented. Special recognition to Zak, my sales rep, John, the electrician who installed the panel upgrade and inverter, and Alex (I hope I remembered that right) and another tech who did the rooftop panel installation. They were fast, efficient, did a clean, attractive job and communicated well.
Read More
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking...
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking forward to reduced costs in electricity and having electricity when any issues come up with the grid.
Read More
Great customer service!
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of...
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of the system! He was very personable very knowledgeable and I appreciate his outstanding customer service! I highly recommend solar tops and I'm not an easy one to convince on anything...
Read More
Solar Topps is fantastic! Everything from the initial install to to follow up questions. This is a top notch company with first class customer support.
This company has not only great customer service but the materials used for the solar equipment is the best. There workmanship was great no complaints whatsoever
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect....
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect. I highly recommend Solar Topps. This is the second time I have had a solar installation and the first time was through a company through Costco and hands-down Solar Topps is a way better company with a lot better customer service. They did not cut corners or sell me cheap equipment. I’m extremely happy with the product they gave me.
Read More
Solar Topps was amazing and very responsive. They kept me updated throughout the entire process. Definitely recommend this Solar company since they are local and have been in the industry for a long time.
Extremely helpful every step of the way. To the salesman to the installers to the technicians who turned on the system.
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also...
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also have an EV that would need to be charged. Solar Topps was able to take our input of what we wanted (100% offset of electricity) and our general life style to come up with a system size to meet our needs. They even suggested that we not put all of the solar panels on the south facing roof but rather put some on our west facing roof to take advantage of the late afternoon sun to help in the summer months when TEP rate is the highest. They worked with us on every step of the process from permitting though final “Permission To Operate” (PTO) from TEP electric company. They had a very completive bid and completed the project in a reasonable time frame. We would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone that was interest in getting solar installed on their home.
Read More
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar...
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar companies are hit and run with sales people; SolarTopps is real.
Read More
Technician’s were great, staff provided updates in a timely manner
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps...
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps facility and took the time to explain every detail of their operations.
What stood out the most was their commitment to excellence. Every part of their business, from the equipment they use to their carefully thought-out practices, reflects their dedication to the highest standards. Robby’s in-depth explanations about how their processes benefit customers gave me complete confidence in their expertise and integrity.
If you’re considering solar in Phoenix, Solar Topps is the clear choice. They combine cutting edge technology with meticulous attention to detail and exceptional customer service. I wouldn’t trust or recommend anyone else!
Read More
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout...
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout the process. Overall, a great experience with Solar Topps; they definitely know their business!
Read More
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If...
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If you are in Arizona, don’t sub your work to an out of State group. These folks, sales, design, install and support are all employed by Solar Topps in Phoenix, AZ. No sub contractors. I’m very happy with the whole process. Watching my meter spin backwards as we speak!
Read More
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality...
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality of work has been outstanding, and they have shown up as scheduled.. All workers have been courteous and respectful, and responses to questions/issues timely.
In a world full of scammers and less than ethical fly-by- night outfits, Solar Topps has been board and ethical. I would recommend to friends.
Read More
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality,...
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality, professional installation of the additional panels. I am retired from an aviation maintenance / quality control career, so I expect quality when I higher a company for service and am very disappointed when hack preforms sub par workmanship. I have no hesitation recommending Solar Topps for your solar installation or upgrade. They are the best!
Read More
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the...
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the panels instead of getting locked into some weird lease system. Fortunately, I knew Mark Greene through work and asked his advice. He works with Solar Topps and was able to sit down with my family and clearly explain the pros and cons of different options, and give us a detailed picture of what we could expect. We decided it was a good move for us and signed up.
Once the process began, it went pretty much exactly as Mark described. The installers were very professional and efficient. They work directly for the company (not subcontractors) so the communication was quick and easy and their truck was clearly labeled Solar Topps. They left the work area clean when they were done and the black on black solar panels look very nice and modern.
The regulation process through the City of Phoenix and APS was definitely slow but at least proceeded smoothly. Solar Topps kept us informed of next steps and what to expect for a general timeline. So that part was as painless as possible.
Now that the system is turned on and running we are very satisfied with the results. The Tesla app makes everything about your power use and generation very clear. When nothing is turned on you can see the baseline power your house uses, and the when the heater or airconditioning turns on you can see the use jump up, which is informative. Also you can easily see how much power use was solar, battery, and grid along with a cost savings estimate.
So over all, I would highly recommend talking to Mark to get a good idea of what your different options are, and I would trust Solar Topps to give you a clean and efficient install and setup. Just keep in mind that your city and APS/SRP are going to take a while to inspect and approve everything. After that, enjoy making your own power, saving money and being secure from blackouts.
Read More
professional and helpful. I highly recommend this company
Great people to work with
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them...
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them for your solar.
Read More
excellent post-install care and support
Excellent support removing then replacing my solar as I had my roof redone. Very professional, on-time, cleaned up and answered all my questions.
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for...
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for our home. From the beginning in talking to our salesman, Sean, his communication was outstanding, answering our every question, even on weekends. Solar Topps worked with us in delaying our install, so it was convenient for us. The install of our adapted power box and solar panels was well done and organized. All of the workers from electricians to installers were all professional and friendly, and all made it a very pleasant experience for us. We look forward to the savings we will receive by going solar.
Read More
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the...
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the heat of 110. They even upgraded our monitor. Beyond happy with this company.
10-18-24:Great service once again, we had Microinverters installed and everything was fantastic. A month or so later one of our panels stopped charging but ST came over quickly and repaired the connector and our system works again perfectly. Mark was technician, worked like the pro he is. Hannah Cooper handled scheduling and communication with the expertise and grace of a professional customer service representative. We love ST and recommend them people who want a good ,secure,reliable company taking care of them.
Read More
Great customer service.
Experienced disruptions with solar communications. After several unsuccesful attempts to self-correct I called Solar Topps, the installer. Mike and his boss came, diagnosed problem and promptly corrected it. Covered by warranty. Should have called sooner.
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all...
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all of my questions and made me feel very comfortable about my decision to go with solar. I would recommend this company to anyone thinking about solar.
Read More
Solar Topps is a Great Solar Company. They are very prompt to answer any questions or service needed. I am very happy with my choice for Solar Topps.
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me...
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me navigate a difficult situation. Solar Topps was great with communication in terms of when the crew would be there to do the work. On the day of, the crew was prompt and extremely courteous, and always kept me informed about their progress. The job needed to be spanned out over a couple of days but I didn't mind because I knew it was being done right, no corners cut.
I needed to have my panels removed because of a roof leak situation that turned out not to be the fault of Solar Topps. Michael came to my property numerous times and even coordinated with my roofing company to help identify the source of the problem. Nobody wants to deal with a situation like this but Michael was extremely knowledgable and came to the site with a ton of experience (and patience!) to do whatever he could to help set things right. He thoroughly inspected the site at each critical step of the fixing process and always took the time to make sure I felt comfortable with the plan of action. He gave me great advice backed by years of experience, and like I said, he was on site (probably more than usual - which is why I say he went above and beyond) to make sure all was well. It has yet to rain again to make sure the reroofing (done by my roofing company) fixed the issue, but I feel confident in everything that Michael and the Solar Topps install team did for my particular situation.
I wouldn't wish a roof leak situation on anyone, it can get expensive fast and is very stressful... but I will say that Solar Topps treated me and the situation (which was lengthy and complex) well. I was always able to get ahold of someone and service was prompt. I've talked with a lot of solar companies and would still very highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in getting solar (just make sure your roof is SOLID before you put panels on!)
Read More
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my...
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my Panels was generating), so he ask me if I mind if he could disconnect so he could do some research, he called back promptly as he promised. Aneal walked me through everything that I need to do to understand how to log on the Solar Edge support site and monitor the output of my Panels. I had been at this for about a week and was about ready to give up. Thank you Aneal. I really appreciated you help.
Read More
Service is always fast and friendly.
Top class experience. Some of the micro inverters were not reporting and I left a message after hours. Got a call within an hour with resolution. Great customer oriented dedicated management and team. Highly recommend them!! Thanks Solar Topps team.
I called Solar Topps at 2:00 when I noticed my system was down and they came out quickly and it was back on before 5:00. Great job!!
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the...
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the issue. She was polite, patient and thorough. Solar Topps customer service is excellent.
Read More
Got my system up and running again.
Incredible service, great prices, super professional!
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create...
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create the final highly professional proposal, to hand holding all the way through the actual installation of the system, we have been impressed. Solar Topps is clearly a solid, honest, and very dependable resource in their category and, all things considered, we believe we received tremendous value from our transaction. We wholeheartedly recommend them to others.
Read More
System went down and received a quick response.
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great...
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great job and were the best price on the market! Would highly recommend. I’ve had my panels for 6 months now and it’s been fantastic!! May was our best month yet, our bill was $2 for a 2600 sq ft home.
Read More
Excellent staff. Was kept well informed of every step in the process.
The service technician did a great job correcting the problem.
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out...
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out to be an issue with the builder of my home not properly tightening the main service line to my service panel. In troubleshooting Solar Topps resolved the issue for me!
Read More
Had an issue with our solar and team was timely in helping get a resolution. When working with manager, he was receptive to feedback and worked to ensure all concerns were resolved.
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from...
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from start to finish to make sure our solar production loss was cut to a minimum. All work was done as promised!
Read More
Mark arrived on time and completed the service quickly. He addressed all my questions and helped me understand the nature of the problem and the fix. Thank you Mark and thanks Solar Topps for a quick response to my concern.
Excellent service. Had an issue with Solar Inverter registration with Tesla, resolved quickly and made sure that App is reflecting with the changes. Now I can see inverter in App and track the data. Thanks
Great company and I love my solar system.The sales representative was very professional and the construction crew did great work.
All around great company. Price service and the best part is the 25 year production guarantee.
Great solar company. Would recommend !
Great company. Good work, clean install, money saved!
Smooth and easy process, great company
Great company, loved working with them!
Seamless process, and easy to work with! Great team
Great company.
Best company I had come give a quote, worked with me and my timeline! Great sales man, not pushy at all!
Great customer service. I had a problem with my solar panels, and they came out the next day to fix them. Very professional and great service.
Solar Topps is always willing to help with any problem with a prompt resolution. Thanks Sashi
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing...
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing ever since!!! Highly recommended!
Read More
Good Solar company; quick customer care resolution team and friendly; definitely would recommend them to everyone
Installed last year. Very Professional, good service after install. Had some panel issues but pretty responsive and fixed those all in the next day or two. Highly recommended !
Solar Topps resolved a roof leak, one day after my very concerned phone call. Very satisfied, very reassuring. Thank you.
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting...
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting phase of the process. All worked out good!! 👍🏻
Read More
Extremely knowledgable, very patient and fixed my problem.... thank you so much for your help
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was...
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was impressed because it was a holiday weekend right before Christmas.
Read More
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated...
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated to us. Very happy that we went with Solar Topps.
Read More
Great service and very informative about the process
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not...
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not tech savvy so he helped me step by step! Thank you!
Read More
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of...
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of the installation process. They customized a solution that perfectly met my needs and budget, and I never felt pressured to make a decision.
The installation crew was professional and efficient. They arrived on time and worked diligently to install my solar system. The quality of their work was exceptional, and they paid attention to every detail to ensure a seamless integration with my roof. I was impressed by their expertise and dedication to delivering a top-notch installation.
Activating the system was a breeze, thanks to Solar Topps' guidance. They provided clear instructions and support throughout the process, making sure I understood how to monitor and maintain my solar system.
One of the reasons I chose Solar Topps was their use of top-quality panels. They offered a range of options, and I was able to select panels that suited my needs and budget. Knowing that I have high-quality panels installed gives me peace of mind about the long-term performance of my solar system.
To top it all off, Solar Topps offered the best price in Phoenix. I did my research and compared quotes from several companies, and Solar Topps came out on top in terms of value for money. I couldn't be happier with my decision to go solar with Solar Topps. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a reliable, professional, and cost-effective solar solution!
Read More
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and...
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and running! They were easy to work with and they handle all the little details with permits, the power company and our HOA. All I had to do was write 3 checks (almost painless).
Read More
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar...
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar Revolution!!!!
Read More
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this...
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this company. Thank you!
Read More
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free...
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free from your electric company and all their added fees, GO SOLAR! Also the Fed. is willing to pay for a hefty portion of your solar install, let Solar Topps come by your home and explain it all.
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process,...
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process, including city and APS inspections, took less time than estimated. I would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in installing solar panels.
Read More
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager,...
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager, Nolan, stayed in close contact and communicated above and beyond what we expected. Solar Topps completed the project ahead of schedule. Scot completed the very final steps efficiently and went beyond what we expected. We can’t say enough positive things about our experience.
Read More
Solar Topps replaced one of my panels that had been hit by a golf ball. They were very friendly and efficient
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We...
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We wanted to put the electric bill to rest. There are so many companies out there, selling solar. They use a line like “ we can save you money”. We didn’t want to just save money, we wanted our bill eliminated.
5 years later, we pay a few dollars in taxes on the bill, and get money back at end of the year. I feel bad for people that fall for the solar lease. We have a Pre-paid lease… which means we own our system, but they do any maintenance for 20 years. It is the best of both worlds. No monthly bills. No monthly lease to pay, no maintenance…The system paid for itself in less the 5 years
Read More
Solar Topps is absolutely Topps in the field. They are very helpful, efficient, and they know what they are doing. I am so grateful for all that was done for me to make this dream of mine come true!
Installed a 10KW system at our home in Mohave Valley, AZ. System performing at/above expectations. Install was done well, and installers were courteous and professional. Highly recommend.
Arnav was very helpful when I called. Thank you, Arnav.
Arnav (support) and Sean O'Brien (sales) are always fast in responding to all my questions. Solar panels come with a lot of new information and Solar Topps makes sure I am satisfied every time I call.
Solar Topps was SO awesome on the installation and continues to be OUTSTANDING in any customer service inquiry I have. I give them 5 stars for their follow-up and follow-thru. Thank you Solar Topps!
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!!...
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!! 10/10 recommend.
Read More
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams...
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams were also very good, hard working and from a customers’ perspective, informative and friendly. I was very pleased with the entire process and would recommend Solar Topps to anyone!
Read More
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure...
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure to follow up to insure all was corrected. Thank you so much, SolarTopps for all your great work!
Read More
Solar Topps is a great company to buy solar from. They have great pricing, many financing options, skilled staff, and provide excellent ongoing support. Would highly recommend.
They replaced an out of warranty inverter with a new one promptly and connected to my mySolar phone App also. Tech knew what was needed to be done. Excellent company.
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house...
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house have been courteous and very capable. Not one surprise. If a tech is going to be late they call you and let you know so you aren't left waiting. We went with a different solar company also on Energy Sage and cancelled our contract 10 days into it because we weren't getting called back, we were left hanging when techs didn't show up and they were using subcontractors. Really good decision to bail on that company and go with Solar Topps. A very low stress experience from beginning to end.
Read More
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the...
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the workers cracked a couple tiles on the roof which can happen when doing major roof work. But they had a quality inspector check everything and informed me about the broken tiles and they sent out a guy to replace them. This is nice because I have heard of other solar companies not advice that they broke some tiles. Originally they did not have the correct tiles and instead did a repair on the cracked ones while they looked for tiles that would replace them. Ended up coming out 3 times until they got a set of tiles that fit properly and they replaced them with no charge at all.
Only other issue i had was the central computer that reports system outputs not working but they also came out and replaced that no issues at all.
Overall very friendly and responsive support so far and I fully expect it will continue if I ever need to contact them again.
Read More
I love working with Solar Topps. They really care about there customers.
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps,...
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps, the firm that installed the solar back in 2017, to ask them to diagnose the problem. Shortly after one of their technicians scheduled an appointment to do a field inspection that disclosed burn marks on the two panel. A warranty application was promptly prepared by Solar Topps and forwarded to Hyundai, the panel manufacturer in Korea for approval. After prompt and persistent follow by Solar Topps an approval was granted. Two new panels were installed on my roof within 30 days of discovering the problem at no expense to me. I'm very grateful to the staff and management of Solar Topps for the hassle-free follow through and the standing behind of their warranty obligations......Tom Snyder
Read More
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always...
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always quickly followed up with any of my concerns. I was very happy to be working with them when one of my inverters needed to be replaced. Bradley and Mark were also two of the best technicians- very kind and knowledgeable! Thank you!
Read More
Couldn’t have asked for better customer service. I was kept informed every step of the way and any questions I had were quickly answer to my satisfaction. They took care of everything!
Neal reached out and assisted in resolving my issue after hours on a Sunday evening. Thank you.
Solar Topps installed our system three years ago. They were very responsive throughout the process leading up to activation. Their after installation support is professional and competent in addressing in issues with production. I recommend Solar Topps
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very...
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very well communicated and went very smooth. A couple minor things at the end of the install, that they mitigated pretty quickly. Overall would completely recommend.
Read More
They helped me out on their day off to help resolve my issue! Great customer service
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a...
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a couple EV chargers and a roof allowance to the financing, which was a great help. Thanks for making it all work. Thanks again!
Read More
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier...
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier to understand every step involved in the installation of the solar panels. Nolan, Tony, Neal, sangram, Harshad, and the installation crew were fantastic in keeping me informed during each step of the process. Whenever I had a question, I received an answer the same day. I really appreciate the work involved by every one from start to finish to make the completion of the project so quick, especially since I live in Tucson. I won't hesitate to refer them to my friends!
Read More
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan...
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan were and continue to be extremely helpful in every aspect.
Solar Topps is a Top Notch Professional Business. I am extremely happy and glad that I decided to go with them as my Solar System Installer.
Read More
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and...
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and would, instead, have a company travel from Tucson to Cave Creek.
We contacted a few local companies and also used Energy Sage online to get some quotes. Two responses from Energy Sage included Solar Topps and we're glad they did.
Solar Topps gave us a price equal to the lowest national quote and the hardware was better (Panasonic panels versus something else) and good Enphase electronics. They were also a couple thousand dollars less than another local company we had install our solar hot water heater system.
We had a signed contract with Solar Topps dated March 9 and our system was turned on and working April 12.
That, to us, is an incredibly fast turnaround for a good sized solar panel system. We had been prepared by other companies for a 90 day period of time start to finish, so to have it done in a few days more than A MONTH was a very pleasant surprise.
We didn't have to do ANY of the paperwork with Maricopa County or APS, Solar Topps took care of all of it in a painless fashion.
Solar Topps was a pleasure to work with every step of the way. Any questions were answered via phone or email VERY promptly and correctly.
An example:
Our system has panels oriented south and west. Solar Topps was the only company to come up with this option to maximize the efficiency of our system to take advantage of the peak power rates of APS by having some panels installed to maximize the efficiency of the total system in the afternoon when the sun is lower in the west. See the attached real-time report from our panels and an early billing report from APS where our first few days with the system running has APS paying US instead of vice-versa. (to be fair, the weather has been easy and the A/C hasn't been running, but... still that's pretty cool)
If you are thinking of solar and you're in the Phoenix metro area (or elsewhere, even), you should definitely give SERIOUS consideration to using local company around for a long time Solar Topps.
Seriously, DO IT!
Read More
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly...
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly and attentitivley. i have overall confidence in the product i purchaced and am happy with my new solar system. i definitley reccomend Solar Topps for cusomer service and thouroughness.
Read More
great response on issues and prompt fix thank you
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update....
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update. The estimated savings function is not available and it works very well!
Read More
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from...
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from beginning to end.
Highly recommend anyone looking at adding solar to their home to contact Solar Topps
Read More
Quick, efficient, professional. Very responsive to deal with unexpected issues.
I'm very impressed with the work that went into the design, permit and inspections. I have had it since 2015 and don't regret the decision I made.
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of...
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of contract to when panels would go "live". The company met the timeline. A few times since Sept. 2014 the software to monitor production was lost. On each occasion one phone call was made and a tech was out and I was able to again look on my laptop and see what my panels were producing. A neighbor of mine went with a competitor two weeks after I signed. I was live in Sept. 2014 and he was live in Jan. 15! I have no problem in referring people to Solar Topps. We received three bids and Solar Topps was the best price, we are very happy we went with them and have referred them to friends.
Read More
Absolutely no problems with huge electric bill savings.
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to...
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to change. After speaking to others in our community, attending seminars and crunching numbers, we felt solar panels was the way to go and Solar Topps offered us the best plan for our needs. I figured our breakeven point would be 8 plus years. We have had our solar panels for 6 years and next year they will have paid for themselves. The panels have been so maintenance free we tend to forget about them. If asked about it, I tell people I'm happy we went solar and would do it again.
Read More
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take...
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take care of me in no time. Looking forward for their new venture in solar so i can go for our new home.
Read More
Glad I chose Solar Topps. Would be so again.
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever...
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever made. I highly recommend them.
Read More
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from...
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from my perspective, the installation company was important but the components were more important. It is my opinion that Solar Topps uses only the best components.
Also, I wanted to own my system and get the federal tax credits. I did and with my reduced cost of installation, I calculate my investment will be returned in savings in between five and six years. All components are warranted at least 20 years. Having been a business owner before my retirement, that is an OK deal.
Leasing my system and making monthly payments instead of paying the utility company directly did/does not comply with my preferences.
The actual installation was very well done. It looks good and is strong. It has survived several wind storms, including the recent micro burst that took down hundreds of trees in our area and took down three large trees within 50 yards of my home. Damage to my solar system was zero.
Further, i receive monthly energy production reports that allow me to monitor my usage and savings on an ongoing basis. My energy production is actually better than our estimates were at the time of installation.
I am pleased with every aspect of the work Solar Topps did for us.
Read More
Excellent service in every way. Highly recommend Solar Tops.
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to...
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to my neighbors.
Read More
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! ...
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! This is absolutely the best customer service experience we have had out of all of the local companies that we have dealt with. We highly recommend Solar Topps.
Read More
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive,...
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive, Their sales rep. (Tony) took the time to walk me through the proposal, but was also extremely responsive through the full experience. Nearly every follow question I had was answered the same day. Even when there was an issue with the initial plan that was submitted to SRP, they quickly offered alternate options that still met my needs.
The installation was seamless, and even though we were near the end of the year, they managed to get everything done and turn on before the 2020 tax incentives expired. The system has been turned on for two months now and everything is performing as expected.
The only area of improvement I could suggest is that during the quoting process, it was not clear that they would not be installing a demand load management system (which is fairly standard) and the connections to see my house's power consumption/demand from the grid. Not a huge deal, but a little more clarity there would have been helpful, but would not have changed my mind in selecting them.
Overall I am extremely pleased with the system so far and have not had any surprises in my bills from SRP.
Read More
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to...
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to have our system up and running as quickly as we could. Joan and her team had our system turned on within 2.5 months. We were so impressed by this, especially considering all of the shut downs that were impacting our permitting and inspection timelines. But they made it happen! We are so happy to finally have our system running and helping us save money, especially when every bit counts. We will be recommending this company to all of our friends and neighbors that are considering going solar.
Read More
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the...
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the panels did everything he said it would do
Of
Read More
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up...
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up and were very respectful. We have been working with Solar Topps for several months as they went through the process of permits, electrical installation then the solar panels. We are looking forward to the rebate the Government will return. We should be up and running in 2 weeks after inspection and meter install. We recommend this reputable company.
Read More
EXcellent company. Excellent professional service. Strongly recommended.
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario...
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario showed up at the scheduled appointment. He and his crew were very professional and did a fantastic job. Thank you Solar Topps!
Read More
Had solar tops for 3 years love them
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was...
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was not affected still they followed up very professionally. Excellent Solar company.
Read More
Great company, excellent customer service!
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with...
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with his presentation and layout along with his explanation in regards to solar panels and there differences. He wasn't trying to push high-end panels down my throat like some other companies, I had already done all my own research in regards economy,standard and premium panel options. I went with the standard/economy blended panel option as i like to call it, signed my contract and left the rest up to solartopps. The process and installation took a while,longer then expected actually. I never complained,never bothered the company during this entire process I just let them do there thing. In the end they did me a solid, upgraded my panels to premium at no extra costs to me. They didn't have to do that,in fact most companies wouldn't even bother to offer it. In my personal opinion that's what separates a good company from a great company! Having said all that, can't forget about the installation crew! Splendid work boys! From the installation of panels and wiring of the box very clean, nicely done! Customer service department you ask? Excellent! I was updated via email thru the entire process,informed about each step was nice! Thank you all, I am very appreciative of all your efforts and for the upgraded panels.
Read More
Best service ever talk to a couple of solar company but noting like solar topp I love it!!!
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a...
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a question they were always available by phone. You could always talk with the owners of this company. Their installation crew was professional and competent. They paid close attention to detail and I am very please with the neatness of the installation. Solar Topps works closely with APS and our system was up and running within one week of final approval from the city. I recommend Solar Topps without reservation.
Read More
After interviewing 3 solar installation services, we selected SolarTopps. We were favorably impressed with their presentation and their responses to our questions. The installation was neat and professional, and the system is operating very effectively.
We have received your application and are in the process of reviewing the submission. Our team is excited to learn more about your qualifications and how they align with the requirements of the role. We will be in touch with further updates regarding the status of your application.
Please check your email inbox for meeting link and details.
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| __cf_bm | 1 hour | This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. |
| AWSALBCORS | 7 days | Amazon Web Services set this cookie for load balancing. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement | 1 year | Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". |
| CookieLawInfoConsent | 1 year | CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. |
| JSESSIONID | session | New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. |
| viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. |
| wpEmojiSettingsSupports | session | WordPress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a WordPress site. It helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| aka_debug | session | Vimeo sets this cookie which is essential for the website to play video functionality. |
| player | 1 year | Vimeo uses this cookie to save the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. |
| pvc_visits[0] | 2 minutes | Posts View Counter set this cookie to ensure accurate view counts on each page. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| AWSALB | 7 days | AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. |
| sync_active | never | This cookie is set by Vimeo and contains data on the visitor's video-content preferences, so that the website remembers parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _ga | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. |
| _ga_* | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. |
| vuid | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.solartopps.com/existing-system/solar-inverter-replacement-arizona/

Call or Text Us Today (480) 940-1201
We’ve Produced Enough Power to Offset CO2 Emissions from
14,683,144
Gallons of Gasoline Consumed
5,993,120
Propane Tanks Used for Home BBQs
15,761,905,600
Smartphones Being Charged
0.0333
Coal Power Plants Annually
0.3459
Natural Gas Power Plants Annually
An aging or failing solar inverter can significantly reduce the amount of usable energy your system produces. Replacing an outdated inverter restores optimal performance, improves energy conversion efficiency, and helps your solar panels deliver maximum power to your home.
Most solar inverters have a lifespan of 8–12 years. As they age, they become more prone to breakdowns, error codes, and complete system shutdowns. Proactively replacing your inverter helps prevent costly repairs, lost energy production, and unexpected power disruptions.
Modern solar inverters are designed to support battery storage systems, EV chargers, and whole-home backup solutions. If your current inverter is not compatible, upgrading is essential to expand your system and protect your home during grid outages.
New inverter technology provides real-time system monitoring, performance alerts, and remote diagnostics. These features make it easier to track energy usage, identify issues early, and ensure your solar system is operating at peak performance year-round.
Our proven track record of superior engineering, high-quality installations and
excellent customer service has earned us the highest certifications in the industry.
Choosing Solar Topps to replace your existing solar inverter means partnering with a team that combines deep engineering expertise, hands-on experience, and a commitment to long-term system performance. Inverter replacement isn’t just a simple swap—it requires precise system evaluation, compatibility checks, and expert configuration to ensure your solar array operates safely and efficiently.
Solar Topps handles every step in-house, from diagnostics and permitting to installation and commissioning, eliminating the risks that come with subcontracted or piecemeal work. Our technicians are highly trained to work with complex and legacy systems, including older inverters, hybrid setups, and battery-ready configurations, ensuring a seamless transition with minimal downtime. With inventory readily available, we can act quickly—reducing wait times, restoring production faster, and helping homeowners avoid prolonged energy losses. Most importantly, our approach is solutions-driven: whether your goal is higher efficiency, improved reliability, battery integration, or future expansion, Solar Topps designs the inverter replacement to support your home’s evolving energy needs.
When you choose Solar Topps, you’re not just replacing an inverter—you’re upgrading the reliability, intelligence, and future-readiness of your entire solar system.
Get a Quote TodayCharge your battery from the grid when energy is cheapest and protect your home from rate hikes, peak pricing, demand fees and unpredictable power outages. Lower your utility bill and offset rising electricity costs with a battery-only energy system from Solar Topps. Whether a new installation or an addition to an existing system, we’ve got you covered.
Contact for a Free Site EvaluationReplacing a solar inverter isn’t a DIY task. An improperly installed inverter can lead to inefficiencies or safety hazards. Qualified solar professionals will ensure a seamless installation, correct inverter sizing, and proper calibration for your existing system. We can help you select a model that matches your energy goals and budget while adhering to local electrical codes and utility requirements.
A holistic solar energy system is more than just panels and an inverter; it’s an integrated solution designed to maximize energy production, efficiency, and reliability. Properly designed systems take into account factors such as roof orientation, shading, energy consumption patterns, and potential future expansion needs. This comprehensive approach ensures that your solar investment delivers the highest return over its lifespan while reducing your carbon footprint. Regular maintenance and system monitoring are also critical components, as they help identify and resolve issues early, preserving system performance and longevity.
Solar inverters typically have a lifespan of 10 to 15 years, depending on the brand, model, and environmental factors. However, several signs may indicate it is time to replace your inverter. If your system’s energy production has noticeably decreased or you experience frequent shutdowns, your inverter may no longer be performing efficiently. Error messages or warning lights on the inverter display are also clear indicators of potential issues.
Regular maintenance and monitoring of your solar system can help identify these problems early and prevent further disruptions. Proactively addressing inverter replacement ensures that your solar energy system operates at peak performance, maximizing your investment over time.
While inverters are a critical component, it is equally important to monitor the condition of your solar panels. Physical damage, such as cracks, discoloration, or hotspots on the panels, can significantly reduce energy output. Accumulation of dirt, debris, or snow may also obstruct sunlight and hinder performance. Regular visual inspections can help detect these issues early and ensure that your panels are functioning optimally. If any abnormalities are observed, it is advisable to contact Solar Topps for further evaluation and repair. Maintaining the integrity of your solar panels is essential for sustaining the overall efficiency and longevity of your solar energy system.
Several signs may indicate your solar inverter is not functioning correctly. One of the most common is a lack of power generation, which can often be identified through your system’s monitoring software. If your energy production is significantly lower than usual, this could point to an issue with your inverter.
Physical signs such as unusual noises or overheating of the inverter unit could indicate internal malfunctions. Inspecting the inverter for visible damage, such as corrosion or wear, is also an important step in diagnosing potential problems. If you suspect your inverter is faulty, contact Solar Topps for a thorough assessment is crucial to restoring your solar system’s functionality.
String inverters are a popular choice for residential and small commercial solar systems. They work by linking a series of solar panels (called a “string”) to one inverter, which converts all the DC electricity from the panels into usable AC electricity. They’re affordable and pretty easy to install, but there’s a catch—if one panel in the string is shaded or not performing well, it can impact the performance of the whole system.
Microinverters are installed on each solar panel, converting DC to AC electricity directly at the panel. This allows each panel to operate independently, so one underperforming panel won’t affect the rest. While they cost more upfront, microinverters offer better efficiency and monitoring, making them ideal for systems with shading or varied panel orientations.
Power optimizers are used alongside traditional string inverters and are installed on individual solar panels. Their function is to optimize the DC electricity generated by each panel before transferring it to the central inverter for AC conversion. This technology offers a balance between the advantages of microinverters—such as enhanced performance in shaded conditions—and the cost efficiency of a string inverter.
Hybrid inverters, or multi-mode inverters, combine the functions of grid-tied and battery inverters. They let solar energy power your home, send excess energy to the grid, and store energy in a battery. Perfect for homeowners adding solar storage, hybrid inverters are flexible and growing in popularity as battery technology improves.
Off-grid inverters convert DC electricity from solar panels or batteries into AC power for homes or businesses without grid access. Commonly used in remote areas, they often include features to manage battery charging and discharging. Choosing the right inverter depends on system design, budget, and energy needs.
Our team provides clear, transparent and honest answers and pricing to
help you know if getting your solar inverter replaced makes sense.
Very good customer service, took the time to answer all questions and followed up every step of the way. Installers and technicians were so polite and detail oriented
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new...
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new inverter and the system is up and running. Much better system than before with an even better monitoring system and App. Solar Topps employees are very professional and their follow up and communications are great as well. Thank you Solar Topps!!!
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will...
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will definitely recommend them!
Read More
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they...
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they met the timeline they quoted. I am happy with the system performance and I would highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone looking to install a new solar system.
Read More
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time...
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time and they set them all up for us. One Powerwall we got didn't work on activation and the owner was at our house, on the phone with Tesla who authorized a replacement - which was done within 2 hrs of finding out it wasn't working. Nothing but good things to say about them. Definitely recommend.
Read More
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch....
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch. I wholeheartedly recommend them.
Read More
Great communication. Awesome job!
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was...
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was no affect to actual production to the grid or for home use). Called Solar Topps support and they worked with me to verify that the gateway had indeed failed and a repair appointment was made to replace it. Service technician was prompt and very knowledgeable regarding the repair. Overall from contacting support to repair work, I am very pleased that I chose Solar Topps for my system and their commitment to long term service and warranty work. I highly recommend this company for anyone desiring a solar
plant installation for their home or business.
Read More
The Solar Topps team is very knowledgeable, professional and customer service driven. I highly recommend them!
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar....
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar. They are extremely professional and delivered in the anticipated timeframe. Their customer service is great!!
Read More
Solar Topps did a great job designing my system. I've had it for about a month now and I have nothing bad to say about the company, their employees or the product.
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an...
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an issue reaching someone when we had questions and their service was fantastic. They showed up when they said they would and they did what they said they would do. Their field personnel from their electricians, to the panel install crew, to the engineer that came out to answer questions and walk us thru the app were the best. SolarTopps made the entire process painless and I cannot say enough good things about them. They are your choice for solar. Thank you SolarTopps!!!
Read More
Professionals all the way around. Made sure that nothing ever sat around waiting on them. Clean, solid work.
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made...
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made the entire experience seamless. Highly recommend this local company!
Read More
Very attentive, excellent communication.
The team put together a fantastic system for my household. They were friendly, and professional when talking with them. And they provided updates throughout the whole process
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t...
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t think I waited more than an hour for a response to any email or text message I sent during this process over the last three months. I found them by contacting a solar info specialist named Zak Alomari was so knowledgeable and authentic that I felt comfortable with his recommendations from the start. He was the one who recommended Solar Topps and said he wouldn’t recommend anyone else after doing this for many years because they are so far above anyone else, it’s not even close. He was right…all the way. Thank you Zak. The installation team was extremely professional, kind, and neat. The quality of the install was exceptional. I’m very detailed oriented in my personality and my job, and I noticed all the attention to detail the team took in the whole process. When we designed the system, it was clearly laid out, and we talked through several scenarios of how I might want to use it in the future or expand it so we could get it nailed down perfectly. One of the things I noticed, because I like things clean, neat and organized is the laser engraved labels on all of the elements of the electrical boxes. I did not expect this, but it makes the system’s value even higher. If/when we sell our home in the future, this adds even more value to the system. I cannot recommend them highly enough. I pay attention to service because it means a lot to me, and these guys hit it out of the park. Well done and thank you. -John E (Paradise Valley,AZ)
Read More
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly...
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly communicated each step of the way and set clear expectations on timelines.
Never realized what a complex space getting solar is. The actual install itself took 3 days (battery, conduit, electrical panel upgrade and solar panels) but the permitting, inspections and approvals were the long haul which took around 90 days - again, I didn't have to do anything. Solar Topps took care of the whole experience.
Thanks to Mark, Jesus and the installer team, Raj and Nitish for excellent communication and workmanship.
If you're curious about solar, my recommendation would be go as big as you can with your budget in terms of panel array and definitely consider a Powerwall. Given our past APS bills, our current system will pay for itself in 6 years. Thanks again Solar Topps!
Read More
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their...
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their efforts!
Read More
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I...
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I would have encountered Solar Topps when I installed the solar system because their customer service is just simply outstanding!
Read More
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar...
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar Topps came out and did the repair and charged me zero dollars.
Read More
It was excellent working with SolarTopps. The communication was frequent, timely, and clear throughout the process. The technicians arrived on time and communicated each step of the way. I’m extremely satisfied with their work.
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running...
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running smoothly and efficiently. It was a smart purchase.
Read More
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually...
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually called me to go over the Tesla app and make sure everything was dialed in. We highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone interested in getting solar.
Read More
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very...
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very pleased with Solar Topps and would highly recommend the company to anyone who values honesty, great customer service and good workmanship.
Read More
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything...
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything went smoothly from start to finish, and the system has been running perfectly. It’s rare to find a company this professional and dependable these days. Highly recommend them to anyone thinking about getting solar!
Read More
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were...
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were never here. Worth giving them your Solar needs project.
Read More
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from...
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from different companies. Solar Topps wasn't the cheapest, but it was truly one of the few that was local to the valley. This was important to have a local company involved and not a company that is nationwide using a contractor. One thing I learned fast is that ALL Solar Topps employees live here in the valley. Solar Topps turned out to be the best. Very organized and helpful. Also, Solar Topps designed the best system they could using APS bills. But really, they need more information to dial the system in to your usage. So do your homework and stop blaming them because you didnt give them all the pcs of the puzzle.
Also, when you're new to Solar, the customer has to define their goals to help them. I thought I knew what my goals were. I later learned my goal has changed. I started with a 50-panel 20Kwh system with 1 Powerwall 3 whole-home backup battery. I thought I would never have to buy power from APS again. It wasn't till I started going day by day at my usage and pulling my after-hours, meaning no solar production to see just how many batteries I really need to achieve this. Most people don't know this data.
This process can take longer than expected. Everything that I encountered with delays had nothing to do with them. But I blamed them in the moment. They listened and never got upset with me.
In the end, I was happy with the system they designed based on the info I gave them. After installing, my goals started changing, and I dug deep into usage. Put an energy monitor in my main panel on every circuit to see what uses what in the house. I then changed what I could to lower the usage.
I now have added 2 more Tesla Powerwall expansion batteries. I use zero power from APS and sell them nearly 4 bucks a day in power. It's nice to get paid by them and not pay them. Also, they can raise the rates all they want.t I don't use their power anymore.
Thanks, Niel, Sean, Robby, Summy, Mike, Gaurav
I have turned into a total solar geek. Thanks Solar Topps!!!!
Read More
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would...
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would not bring up my wifi. I told him I would figure it out later. He said he would check back with me to make sure I got connected. A few days later the same guy called back and got me up and running. I'm so greatful for his knowledge and patience.
Read More
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but...
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but also on quality of products.
Read More
Fixed problem quickly.
They help me with the connection issue I had and everything worked out great. Thanks for being so helpful and thanks for doing it quickly and considerably. Great job.
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and...
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and gave me great customer service. I am super happy with solar tops and would recommend them to anyone who has any type of solar needs.
Read More
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less...
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less than one day and everything was done flawless.
Read More
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and...
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and called, texted, and emailed me with each step of the process. I highly recommend SolarTopps for anyone interested in a solar energy system.
Read More
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my...
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my first two APS bills for May and June with an electric vehicle charging in a 2100 sq ft. Home for $31 and $28. They answered all my calls and followed thru with all plans. I would recommend to all my family and friends and in fact I have. Thanks again! I did my homework and it paid off.
Read More
Great company! I've had Solar Topps systems on two separate homes and have had great experiences with both. Any issue I've had has been promptly identified and addressed by them. Would highly recommend.
The customer support at Solar Topps is top notch. They helped me by walking through the process to reset my system and continued to monitor my unit until it was fixed. They are very responsive to any request for assistance.
Sean is very engaging, great customer service, answering questions and trying to help make the best choice wether it is with them or not he still wants to make sure your fully informed.
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to...
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to work with, and follow through with what they say they are going to do. Highly recommended.
Read More
It was great working with solartopps. Solar Topps did an incredible job with our solar installation! Their team was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient from start to finish. The process was seamless, with clear communication.
customer service is fantastic.........GAURAV is an excellent empoyee. helped me to restore my solar pannel production working on timely and efficient with profassinal manner
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be...
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be around for us whenever we would need them.
Read More
Had inverter replaced, great service.
Solar Topps did a great job with their proposal, which was very competitive. They worked hard getting our solar installed and up and running. Highly recommend this company.
Great service, this company stands behind their product and service is terrific. I would recommend Solar Topps for anyone considering going solar.
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery...
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery had a problem due to an error on my side and they contacted me within the same day to let me know the system was off, although I was able to restore power myself they still sent a technician out to check my system and make sure everything was ok. This company is great and goes above and beyond for their customers!
Read More
Great communication through the process. Team was neat, clean and efficient without any inconvenience. Final connection set up by Neal was thorough and timely.
Excellent customer service. Answered all of my questions, worked with me to set up the Enlighten monitoring solar production app and explained everything simply for me without “jargon”
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many...
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many panels needed, gave me different pricing options and were super patient with all my questions. I did a lot of research on Solar Companies and these guys were the only ones that didn't seem like slime balls just trying to make a sale. If you are looking for Solar you can't go wrong with these guys!
Read More
Outstanding service by team SolarTopps. Great work ethics and focus on client’s needs. I wish great success for this company! I loved the professionalism of Gaurav. 5* (5 star) performer!!
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There...
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There were many steps and everyone at Solar Topps was professional and customer oriented. Special recognition to Zak, my sales rep, John, the electrician who installed the panel upgrade and inverter, and Alex (I hope I remembered that right) and another tech who did the rooftop panel installation. They were fast, efficient, did a clean, attractive job and communicated well.
Read More
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking...
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking forward to reduced costs in electricity and having electricity when any issues come up with the grid.
Read More
Great customer service!
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of...
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of the system! He was very personable very knowledgeable and I appreciate his outstanding customer service! I highly recommend solar tops and I'm not an easy one to convince on anything...
Read More
Solar Topps is fantastic! Everything from the initial install to to follow up questions. This is a top notch company with first class customer support.
This company has not only great customer service but the materials used for the solar equipment is the best. There workmanship was great no complaints whatsoever
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect....
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect. I highly recommend Solar Topps. This is the second time I have had a solar installation and the first time was through a company through Costco and hands-down Solar Topps is a way better company with a lot better customer service. They did not cut corners or sell me cheap equipment. I’m extremely happy with the product they gave me.
Read More
Solar Topps was amazing and very responsive. They kept me updated throughout the entire process. Definitely recommend this Solar company since they are local and have been in the industry for a long time.
Extremely helpful every step of the way. To the salesman to the installers to the technicians who turned on the system.
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also...
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also have an EV that would need to be charged. Solar Topps was able to take our input of what we wanted (100% offset of electricity) and our general life style to come up with a system size to meet our needs. They even suggested that we not put all of the solar panels on the south facing roof but rather put some on our west facing roof to take advantage of the late afternoon sun to help in the summer months when TEP rate is the highest. They worked with us on every step of the process from permitting though final “Permission To Operate” (PTO) from TEP electric company. They had a very completive bid and completed the project in a reasonable time frame. We would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone that was interest in getting solar installed on their home.
Read More
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar...
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar companies are hit and run with sales people; SolarTopps is real.
Read More
Technician’s were great, staff provided updates in a timely manner
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps...
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps facility and took the time to explain every detail of their operations.
What stood out the most was their commitment to excellence. Every part of their business, from the equipment they use to their carefully thought-out practices, reflects their dedication to the highest standards. Robby’s in-depth explanations about how their processes benefit customers gave me complete confidence in their expertise and integrity.
If you’re considering solar in Phoenix, Solar Topps is the clear choice. They combine cutting edge technology with meticulous attention to detail and exceptional customer service. I wouldn’t trust or recommend anyone else!
Read More
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout...
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout the process. Overall, a great experience with Solar Topps; they definitely know their business!
Read More
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If...
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If you are in Arizona, don’t sub your work to an out of State group. These folks, sales, design, install and support are all employed by Solar Topps in Phoenix, AZ. No sub contractors. I’m very happy with the whole process. Watching my meter spin backwards as we speak!
Read More
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality...
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality of work has been outstanding, and they have shown up as scheduled.. All workers have been courteous and respectful, and responses to questions/issues timely.
In a world full of scammers and less than ethical fly-by- night outfits, Solar Topps has been board and ethical. I would recommend to friends.
Read More
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality,...
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality, professional installation of the additional panels. I am retired from an aviation maintenance / quality control career, so I expect quality when I higher a company for service and am very disappointed when hack preforms sub par workmanship. I have no hesitation recommending Solar Topps for your solar installation or upgrade. They are the best!
Read More
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the...
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the panels instead of getting locked into some weird lease system. Fortunately, I knew Mark Greene through work and asked his advice. He works with Solar Topps and was able to sit down with my family and clearly explain the pros and cons of different options, and give us a detailed picture of what we could expect. We decided it was a good move for us and signed up.
Once the process began, it went pretty much exactly as Mark described. The installers were very professional and efficient. They work directly for the company (not subcontractors) so the communication was quick and easy and their truck was clearly labeled Solar Topps. They left the work area clean when they were done and the black on black solar panels look very nice and modern.
The regulation process through the City of Phoenix and APS was definitely slow but at least proceeded smoothly. Solar Topps kept us informed of next steps and what to expect for a general timeline. So that part was as painless as possible.
Now that the system is turned on and running we are very satisfied with the results. The Tesla app makes everything about your power use and generation very clear. When nothing is turned on you can see the baseline power your house uses, and the when the heater or airconditioning turns on you can see the use jump up, which is informative. Also you can easily see how much power use was solar, battery, and grid along with a cost savings estimate.
So over all, I would highly recommend talking to Mark to get a good idea of what your different options are, and I would trust Solar Topps to give you a clean and efficient install and setup. Just keep in mind that your city and APS/SRP are going to take a while to inspect and approve everything. After that, enjoy making your own power, saving money and being secure from blackouts.
Read More
professional and helpful. I highly recommend this company
Great people to work with
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them...
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them for your solar.
Read More
excellent post-install care and support
Excellent support removing then replacing my solar as I had my roof redone. Very professional, on-time, cleaned up and answered all my questions.
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for...
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for our home. From the beginning in talking to our salesman, Sean, his communication was outstanding, answering our every question, even on weekends. Solar Topps worked with us in delaying our install, so it was convenient for us. The install of our adapted power box and solar panels was well done and organized. All of the workers from electricians to installers were all professional and friendly, and all made it a very pleasant experience for us. We look forward to the savings we will receive by going solar.
Read More
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the...
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the heat of 110. They even upgraded our monitor. Beyond happy with this company.
10-18-24:Great service once again, we had Microinverters installed and everything was fantastic. A month or so later one of our panels stopped charging but ST came over quickly and repaired the connector and our system works again perfectly. Mark was technician, worked like the pro he is. Hannah Cooper handled scheduling and communication with the expertise and grace of a professional customer service representative. We love ST and recommend them people who want a good ,secure,reliable company taking care of them.
Read More
Great customer service.
Experienced disruptions with solar communications. After several unsuccesful attempts to self-correct I called Solar Topps, the installer. Mike and his boss came, diagnosed problem and promptly corrected it. Covered by warranty. Should have called sooner.
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all...
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all of my questions and made me feel very comfortable about my decision to go with solar. I would recommend this company to anyone thinking about solar.
Read More
Solar Topps is a Great Solar Company. They are very prompt to answer any questions or service needed. I am very happy with my choice for Solar Topps.
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me...
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me navigate a difficult situation. Solar Topps was great with communication in terms of when the crew would be there to do the work. On the day of, the crew was prompt and extremely courteous, and always kept me informed about their progress. The job needed to be spanned out over a couple of days but I didn't mind because I knew it was being done right, no corners cut.
I needed to have my panels removed because of a roof leak situation that turned out not to be the fault of Solar Topps. Michael came to my property numerous times and even coordinated with my roofing company to help identify the source of the problem. Nobody wants to deal with a situation like this but Michael was extremely knowledgable and came to the site with a ton of experience (and patience!) to do whatever he could to help set things right. He thoroughly inspected the site at each critical step of the fixing process and always took the time to make sure I felt comfortable with the plan of action. He gave me great advice backed by years of experience, and like I said, he was on site (probably more than usual - which is why I say he went above and beyond) to make sure all was well. It has yet to rain again to make sure the reroofing (done by my roofing company) fixed the issue, but I feel confident in everything that Michael and the Solar Topps install team did for my particular situation.
I wouldn't wish a roof leak situation on anyone, it can get expensive fast and is very stressful... but I will say that Solar Topps treated me and the situation (which was lengthy and complex) well. I was always able to get ahold of someone and service was prompt. I've talked with a lot of solar companies and would still very highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in getting solar (just make sure your roof is SOLID before you put panels on!)
Read More
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my...
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my Panels was generating), so he ask me if I mind if he could disconnect so he could do some research, he called back promptly as he promised. Aneal walked me through everything that I need to do to understand how to log on the Solar Edge support site and monitor the output of my Panels. I had been at this for about a week and was about ready to give up. Thank you Aneal. I really appreciated you help.
Read More
Service is always fast and friendly.
Top class experience. Some of the micro inverters were not reporting and I left a message after hours. Got a call within an hour with resolution. Great customer oriented dedicated management and team. Highly recommend them!! Thanks Solar Topps team.
I called Solar Topps at 2:00 when I noticed my system was down and they came out quickly and it was back on before 5:00. Great job!!
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the...
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the issue. She was polite, patient and thorough. Solar Topps customer service is excellent.
Read More
Got my system up and running again.
Incredible service, great prices, super professional!
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create...
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create the final highly professional proposal, to hand holding all the way through the actual installation of the system, we have been impressed. Solar Topps is clearly a solid, honest, and very dependable resource in their category and, all things considered, we believe we received tremendous value from our transaction. We wholeheartedly recommend them to others.
Read More
System went down and received a quick response.
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great...
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great job and were the best price on the market! Would highly recommend. I’ve had my panels for 6 months now and it’s been fantastic!! May was our best month yet, our bill was $2 for a 2600 sq ft home.
Read More
Excellent staff. Was kept well informed of every step in the process.
The service technician did a great job correcting the problem.
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out...
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out to be an issue with the builder of my home not properly tightening the main service line to my service panel. In troubleshooting Solar Topps resolved the issue for me!
Read More
Had an issue with our solar and team was timely in helping get a resolution. When working with manager, he was receptive to feedback and worked to ensure all concerns were resolved.
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from...
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from start to finish to make sure our solar production loss was cut to a minimum. All work was done as promised!
Read More
Mark arrived on time and completed the service quickly. He addressed all my questions and helped me understand the nature of the problem and the fix. Thank you Mark and thanks Solar Topps for a quick response to my concern.
Excellent service. Had an issue with Solar Inverter registration with Tesla, resolved quickly and made sure that App is reflecting with the changes. Now I can see inverter in App and track the data. Thanks
Great company and I love my solar system.The sales representative was very professional and the construction crew did great work.
All around great company. Price service and the best part is the 25 year production guarantee.
Great solar company. Would recommend !
Great company. Good work, clean install, money saved!
Smooth and easy process, great company
Great company, loved working with them!
Seamless process, and easy to work with! Great team
Great company.
Best company I had come give a quote, worked with me and my timeline! Great sales man, not pushy at all!
Great customer service. I had a problem with my solar panels, and they came out the next day to fix them. Very professional and great service.
Solar Topps is always willing to help with any problem with a prompt resolution. Thanks Sashi
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing...
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing ever since!!! Highly recommended!
Read More
Good Solar company; quick customer care resolution team and friendly; definitely would recommend them to everyone
Installed last year. Very Professional, good service after install. Had some panel issues but pretty responsive and fixed those all in the next day or two. Highly recommended !
Solar Topps resolved a roof leak, one day after my very concerned phone call. Very satisfied, very reassuring. Thank you.
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting...
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting phase of the process. All worked out good!! 👍🏻
Read More
Extremely knowledgable, very patient and fixed my problem.... thank you so much for your help
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was...
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was impressed because it was a holiday weekend right before Christmas.
Read More
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated...
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated to us. Very happy that we went with Solar Topps.
Read More
Great service and very informative about the process
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not...
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not tech savvy so he helped me step by step! Thank you!
Read More
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of...
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of the installation process. They customized a solution that perfectly met my needs and budget, and I never felt pressured to make a decision.
The installation crew was professional and efficient. They arrived on time and worked diligently to install my solar system. The quality of their work was exceptional, and they paid attention to every detail to ensure a seamless integration with my roof. I was impressed by their expertise and dedication to delivering a top-notch installation.
Activating the system was a breeze, thanks to Solar Topps' guidance. They provided clear instructions and support throughout the process, making sure I understood how to monitor and maintain my solar system.
One of the reasons I chose Solar Topps was their use of top-quality panels. They offered a range of options, and I was able to select panels that suited my needs and budget. Knowing that I have high-quality panels installed gives me peace of mind about the long-term performance of my solar system.
To top it all off, Solar Topps offered the best price in Phoenix. I did my research and compared quotes from several companies, and Solar Topps came out on top in terms of value for money. I couldn't be happier with my decision to go solar with Solar Topps. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a reliable, professional, and cost-effective solar solution!
Read More
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and...
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and running! They were easy to work with and they handle all the little details with permits, the power company and our HOA. All I had to do was write 3 checks (almost painless).
Read More
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar...
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar Revolution!!!!
Read More
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this...
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this company. Thank you!
Read More
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free...
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free from your electric company and all their added fees, GO SOLAR! Also the Fed. is willing to pay for a hefty portion of your solar install, let Solar Topps come by your home and explain it all.
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process,...
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process, including city and APS inspections, took less time than estimated. I would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in installing solar panels.
Read More
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager,...
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager, Nolan, stayed in close contact and communicated above and beyond what we expected. Solar Topps completed the project ahead of schedule. Scot completed the very final steps efficiently and went beyond what we expected. We can’t say enough positive things about our experience.
Read More
Solar Topps replaced one of my panels that had been hit by a golf ball. They were very friendly and efficient
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We...
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We wanted to put the electric bill to rest. There are so many companies out there, selling solar. They use a line like “ we can save you money”. We didn’t want to just save money, we wanted our bill eliminated.
5 years later, we pay a few dollars in taxes on the bill, and get money back at end of the year. I feel bad for people that fall for the solar lease. We have a Pre-paid lease… which means we own our system, but they do any maintenance for 20 years. It is the best of both worlds. No monthly bills. No monthly lease to pay, no maintenance…The system paid for itself in less the 5 years
Read More
Solar Topps is absolutely Topps in the field. They are very helpful, efficient, and they know what they are doing. I am so grateful for all that was done for me to make this dream of mine come true!
Installed a 10KW system at our home in Mohave Valley, AZ. System performing at/above expectations. Install was done well, and installers were courteous and professional. Highly recommend.
Arnav was very helpful when I called. Thank you, Arnav.
Arnav (support) and Sean O'Brien (sales) are always fast in responding to all my questions. Solar panels come with a lot of new information and Solar Topps makes sure I am satisfied every time I call.
Solar Topps was SO awesome on the installation and continues to be OUTSTANDING in any customer service inquiry I have. I give them 5 stars for their follow-up and follow-thru. Thank you Solar Topps!
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!!...
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!! 10/10 recommend.
Read More
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams...
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams were also very good, hard working and from a customers’ perspective, informative and friendly. I was very pleased with the entire process and would recommend Solar Topps to anyone!
Read More
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure...
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure to follow up to insure all was corrected. Thank you so much, SolarTopps for all your great work!
Read More
Solar Topps is a great company to buy solar from. They have great pricing, many financing options, skilled staff, and provide excellent ongoing support. Would highly recommend.
They replaced an out of warranty inverter with a new one promptly and connected to my mySolar phone App also. Tech knew what was needed to be done. Excellent company.
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house...
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house have been courteous and very capable. Not one surprise. If a tech is going to be late they call you and let you know so you aren't left waiting. We went with a different solar company also on Energy Sage and cancelled our contract 10 days into it because we weren't getting called back, we were left hanging when techs didn't show up and they were using subcontractors. Really good decision to bail on that company and go with Solar Topps. A very low stress experience from beginning to end.
Read More
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the...
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the workers cracked a couple tiles on the roof which can happen when doing major roof work. But they had a quality inspector check everything and informed me about the broken tiles and they sent out a guy to replace them. This is nice because I have heard of other solar companies not advice that they broke some tiles. Originally they did not have the correct tiles and instead did a repair on the cracked ones while they looked for tiles that would replace them. Ended up coming out 3 times until they got a set of tiles that fit properly and they replaced them with no charge at all.
Only other issue i had was the central computer that reports system outputs not working but they also came out and replaced that no issues at all.
Overall very friendly and responsive support so far and I fully expect it will continue if I ever need to contact them again.
Read More
I love working with Solar Topps. They really care about there customers.
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps,...
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps, the firm that installed the solar back in 2017, to ask them to diagnose the problem. Shortly after one of their technicians scheduled an appointment to do a field inspection that disclosed burn marks on the two panel. A warranty application was promptly prepared by Solar Topps and forwarded to Hyundai, the panel manufacturer in Korea for approval. After prompt and persistent follow by Solar Topps an approval was granted. Two new panels were installed on my roof within 30 days of discovering the problem at no expense to me. I'm very grateful to the staff and management of Solar Topps for the hassle-free follow through and the standing behind of their warranty obligations......Tom Snyder
Read More
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always...
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always quickly followed up with any of my concerns. I was very happy to be working with them when one of my inverters needed to be replaced. Bradley and Mark were also two of the best technicians- very kind and knowledgeable! Thank you!
Read More
Couldn’t have asked for better customer service. I was kept informed every step of the way and any questions I had were quickly answer to my satisfaction. They took care of everything!
Neal reached out and assisted in resolving my issue after hours on a Sunday evening. Thank you.
Solar Topps installed our system three years ago. They were very responsive throughout the process leading up to activation. Their after installation support is professional and competent in addressing in issues with production. I recommend Solar Topps
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very...
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very well communicated and went very smooth. A couple minor things at the end of the install, that they mitigated pretty quickly. Overall would completely recommend.
Read More
They helped me out on their day off to help resolve my issue! Great customer service
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a...
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a couple EV chargers and a roof allowance to the financing, which was a great help. Thanks for making it all work. Thanks again!
Read More
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier...
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier to understand every step involved in the installation of the solar panels. Nolan, Tony, Neal, sangram, Harshad, and the installation crew were fantastic in keeping me informed during each step of the process. Whenever I had a question, I received an answer the same day. I really appreciate the work involved by every one from start to finish to make the completion of the project so quick, especially since I live in Tucson. I won't hesitate to refer them to my friends!
Read More
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan...
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan were and continue to be extremely helpful in every aspect.
Solar Topps is a Top Notch Professional Business. I am extremely happy and glad that I decided to go with them as my Solar System Installer.
Read More
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and...
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and would, instead, have a company travel from Tucson to Cave Creek.
We contacted a few local companies and also used Energy Sage online to get some quotes. Two responses from Energy Sage included Solar Topps and we're glad they did.
Solar Topps gave us a price equal to the lowest national quote and the hardware was better (Panasonic panels versus something else) and good Enphase electronics. They were also a couple thousand dollars less than another local company we had install our solar hot water heater system.
We had a signed contract with Solar Topps dated March 9 and our system was turned on and working April 12.
That, to us, is an incredibly fast turnaround for a good sized solar panel system. We had been prepared by other companies for a 90 day period of time start to finish, so to have it done in a few days more than A MONTH was a very pleasant surprise.
We didn't have to do ANY of the paperwork with Maricopa County or APS, Solar Topps took care of all of it in a painless fashion.
Solar Topps was a pleasure to work with every step of the way. Any questions were answered via phone or email VERY promptly and correctly.
An example:
Our system has panels oriented south and west. Solar Topps was the only company to come up with this option to maximize the efficiency of our system to take advantage of the peak power rates of APS by having some panels installed to maximize the efficiency of the total system in the afternoon when the sun is lower in the west. See the attached real-time report from our panels and an early billing report from APS where our first few days with the system running has APS paying US instead of vice-versa. (to be fair, the weather has been easy and the A/C hasn't been running, but... still that's pretty cool)
If you are thinking of solar and you're in the Phoenix metro area (or elsewhere, even), you should definitely give SERIOUS consideration to using local company around for a long time Solar Topps.
Seriously, DO IT!
Read More
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly...
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly and attentitivley. i have overall confidence in the product i purchaced and am happy with my new solar system. i definitley reccomend Solar Topps for cusomer service and thouroughness.
Read More
great response on issues and prompt fix thank you
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update....
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update. The estimated savings function is not available and it works very well!
Read More
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from...
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from beginning to end.
Highly recommend anyone looking at adding solar to their home to contact Solar Topps
Read More
Quick, efficient, professional. Very responsive to deal with unexpected issues.
I'm very impressed with the work that went into the design, permit and inspections. I have had it since 2015 and don't regret the decision I made.
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of...
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of contract to when panels would go "live". The company met the timeline. A few times since Sept. 2014 the software to monitor production was lost. On each occasion one phone call was made and a tech was out and I was able to again look on my laptop and see what my panels were producing. A neighbor of mine went with a competitor two weeks after I signed. I was live in Sept. 2014 and he was live in Jan. 15! I have no problem in referring people to Solar Topps. We received three bids and Solar Topps was the best price, we are very happy we went with them and have referred them to friends.
Read More
Absolutely no problems with huge electric bill savings.
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to...
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to change. After speaking to others in our community, attending seminars and crunching numbers, we felt solar panels was the way to go and Solar Topps offered us the best plan for our needs. I figured our breakeven point would be 8 plus years. We have had our solar panels for 6 years and next year they will have paid for themselves. The panels have been so maintenance free we tend to forget about them. If asked about it, I tell people I'm happy we went solar and would do it again.
Read More
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take...
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take care of me in no time. Looking forward for their new venture in solar so i can go for our new home.
Read More
Glad I chose Solar Topps. Would be so again.
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever...
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever made. I highly recommend them.
Read More
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from...
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from my perspective, the installation company was important but the components were more important. It is my opinion that Solar Topps uses only the best components.
Also, I wanted to own my system and get the federal tax credits. I did and with my reduced cost of installation, I calculate my investment will be returned in savings in between five and six years. All components are warranted at least 20 years. Having been a business owner before my retirement, that is an OK deal.
Leasing my system and making monthly payments instead of paying the utility company directly did/does not comply with my preferences.
The actual installation was very well done. It looks good and is strong. It has survived several wind storms, including the recent micro burst that took down hundreds of trees in our area and took down three large trees within 50 yards of my home. Damage to my solar system was zero.
Further, i receive monthly energy production reports that allow me to monitor my usage and savings on an ongoing basis. My energy production is actually better than our estimates were at the time of installation.
I am pleased with every aspect of the work Solar Topps did for us.
Read More
Excellent service in every way. Highly recommend Solar Tops.
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to...
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to my neighbors.
Read More
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! ...
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! This is absolutely the best customer service experience we have had out of all of the local companies that we have dealt with. We highly recommend Solar Topps.
Read More
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive,...
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive, Their sales rep. (Tony) took the time to walk me through the proposal, but was also extremely responsive through the full experience. Nearly every follow question I had was answered the same day. Even when there was an issue with the initial plan that was submitted to SRP, they quickly offered alternate options that still met my needs.
The installation was seamless, and even though we were near the end of the year, they managed to get everything done and turn on before the 2020 tax incentives expired. The system has been turned on for two months now and everything is performing as expected.
The only area of improvement I could suggest is that during the quoting process, it was not clear that they would not be installing a demand load management system (which is fairly standard) and the connections to see my house's power consumption/demand from the grid. Not a huge deal, but a little more clarity there would have been helpful, but would not have changed my mind in selecting them.
Overall I am extremely pleased with the system so far and have not had any surprises in my bills from SRP.
Read More
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to...
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to have our system up and running as quickly as we could. Joan and her team had our system turned on within 2.5 months. We were so impressed by this, especially considering all of the shut downs that were impacting our permitting and inspection timelines. But they made it happen! We are so happy to finally have our system running and helping us save money, especially when every bit counts. We will be recommending this company to all of our friends and neighbors that are considering going solar.
Read More
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the...
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the panels did everything he said it would do
Of
Read More
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up...
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up and were very respectful. We have been working with Solar Topps for several months as they went through the process of permits, electrical installation then the solar panels. We are looking forward to the rebate the Government will return. We should be up and running in 2 weeks after inspection and meter install. We recommend this reputable company.
Read More
EXcellent company. Excellent professional service. Strongly recommended.
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario...
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario showed up at the scheduled appointment. He and his crew were very professional and did a fantastic job. Thank you Solar Topps!
Read More
Had solar tops for 3 years love them
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was...
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was not affected still they followed up very professionally. Excellent Solar company.
Read More
Great company, excellent customer service!
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with...
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with his presentation and layout along with his explanation in regards to solar panels and there differences. He wasn't trying to push high-end panels down my throat like some other companies, I had already done all my own research in regards economy,standard and premium panel options. I went with the standard/economy blended panel option as i like to call it, signed my contract and left the rest up to solartopps. The process and installation took a while,longer then expected actually. I never complained,never bothered the company during this entire process I just let them do there thing. In the end they did me a solid, upgraded my panels to premium at no extra costs to me. They didn't have to do that,in fact most companies wouldn't even bother to offer it. In my personal opinion that's what separates a good company from a great company! Having said all that, can't forget about the installation crew! Splendid work boys! From the installation of panels and wiring of the box very clean, nicely done! Customer service department you ask? Excellent! I was updated via email thru the entire process,informed about each step was nice! Thank you all, I am very appreciative of all your efforts and for the upgraded panels.
Read More
Best service ever talk to a couple of solar company but noting like solar topp I love it!!!
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a...
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a question they were always available by phone. You could always talk with the owners of this company. Their installation crew was professional and competent. They paid close attention to detail and I am very please with the neatness of the installation. Solar Topps works closely with APS and our system was up and running within one week of final approval from the city. I recommend Solar Topps without reservation.
Read More
After interviewing 3 solar installation services, we selected SolarTopps. We were favorably impressed with their presentation and their responses to our questions. The installation was neat and professional, and the system is operating very effectively.
We have received your application and are in the process of reviewing the submission. Our team is excited to learn more about your qualifications and how they align with the requirements of the role. We will be in touch with further updates regarding the status of your application.
Please check your email inbox for meeting link and details.
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| __cf_bm | 1 hour | This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. |
| AWSALBCORS | 7 days | Amazon Web Services set this cookie for load balancing. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement | 1 year | Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". |
| CookieLawInfoConsent | 1 year | CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. |
| JSESSIONID | session | New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. |
| viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. |
| wpEmojiSettingsSupports | session | WordPress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a WordPress site. It helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| aka_debug | session | Vimeo sets this cookie which is essential for the website to play video functionality. |
| player | 1 year | Vimeo uses this cookie to save the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. |
| pvc_visits[0] | 2 minutes | Posts View Counter set this cookie to ensure accurate view counts on each page. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| AWSALB | 7 days | AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. |
| sync_active | never | This cookie is set by Vimeo and contains data on the visitor's video-content preferences, so that the website remembers parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _ga | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. |
| _ga_* | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. |
| vuid | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.solartopps.com/existing-system/monitoring-replacement-upgrade-arizona/

Call or Text Us Today (480) 940-1201
We’ve Produced Enough Power to Offset CO2 Emissions from
14,683,144
Gallons of Gasoline Consumed
5,993,120
Propane Tanks Used for Home BBQs
15,761,905,600
Smartphones Being Charged
0.0333
Coal Power Plants Annually
0.3459
Natural Gas Power Plants Annually
Older solar monitoring systems often provide limited or inaccurate data, making it difficult to detect underperforming panels, inverter issues, or system outages. Upgrading your monitoring system gives you real-time visibility into energy production, helping ensure your solar system is actually delivering the savings you expect.
Modern solar monitoring platforms offer advanced alerts, error reporting, and remote diagnostics. This allows problems to be identified and addressed quickly—often before they result in extended downtime or lost energy production.
Many legacy monitoring systems are not compatible with newer inverter technology, battery storage, or system expansions. Replacing the monitoring system ensures seamless integration with current and future upgrades, including whole-home backup and smart energy management tools.
Today’s monitoring systems provide user-friendly apps, detailed performance history, and clear insights into energy usage and savings. An upgraded system gives homeowners greater control, transparency, and confidence that their solar investment is operating efficiently year after year.
When customers choose Solar Topps to upgrade or replace their solar monitoring system, they’re choosing accuracy, expertise, and long-term confidence in their solar investment. Monitoring upgrades aren’t just about installing a new app—they require deep understanding of inverter communication, system architecture, and utility interconnection. Solar Topps evaluates your entire system to ensure the new monitoring device is fully compatible, properly configured, and delivering meaningful, reliable data. Our team installs and commissions monitoring systems in-house, verifies real-time production, and ensures alerts and reporting are set up correctly so homeowners can actually use the information to protect performance.
We also specialize in working with older and mixed-equipment systems, where monitoring issues are most common. Whether your current platform is no longer supported, producing inaccurate data, or failing to integrate with batteries or backup systems, Solar Topps designs a solution that fits your system today while preparing it for future upgrades. With readily available equipment, experienced technicians, and a process built around precision and accountability, we minimize downtime and restore visibility into your energy production quickly.
Ultimately, customers choose Solar Topps because we don’t just replace a device—we deliver clarity. Our monitoring upgrades provide actionable insights, early issue detection, and confidence that your solar system is operating efficiently, safely, and as intended for years to come.
Our proven track record of superior engineering, high-quality installations and
excellent customer service has earned us the highest certifications in the industry.
Monitoring solar power usage involves leveraging advanced technologies to ensure optimal system performance. This adds efficiency while providing users with valuable insights. Smart inverters and connected monitoring systems help the tracking of energy production. These systems enable users to monitor energy consumption.. You can track data in real-time. You will gain a clear picture of how your solar energy systems are functioning.These systems often use Internet of Things (IoT) devices and cloud-based platforms. They collect, store, and analyze data, offering detailed visualizations. Expect to see reports on energy trends, system health, and productivity.
By integrating these tools, you can track your energy output and usage patterns. You can also track environmental conditions.. For example, if temperature or sunlight levels fluctuate. The system sends alerts for anomalies. These include performance drops, equipment faults, or irregular energy usage. This enables quick identification and resolution of potential issues. We will help you with your costs before they escalate.
Intuitive interfaces simplify data interpretation for all users. Precision analytics powered by machine learning can also provide predictive maintenance recommendations, helping to extend the life
of the solar equipment.
By combining advanced technology with accessibility, monitoring solutions not only maximize the benefits of solar energy systems but also promote a more sustainable energy future, encouraging widespread adoption of renewable resources.
Data plays a critical role in enhancing the efficiency and performance of solar energy systems. Modern monitoring solutions track and analyze energy production, voltage, and panel temperatures to ensure optimal system functionality.. By analyzing this data in real-time, operators can detect potential inefficiencies. Data addresses issues before they escalate into a high cost.
Predictive maintenance is a groundbreaking advancement in solar energy management, made possible by precision analytics and machine learning models. By monitoring system components, predictive algorithms can identify wear and tear patterns.
For example, early detection of panel degradation or inverter issues can trigger timely maintenance actions. This reduces the risk of costly unplanned downtime.
Many solar power monitoring applications cater to different requirements and user preferences. These apps provide real-time data on energy production, consumption, and system performance.
Apps such as SolarEdge, Enphase Enlighten, and SMA Sunny Portal provide comprehensive monitoring features. These platforms offer detailed data for analysis. This allows users to track energy output, detect system issues, and optimize efficiency.
Dashboards and analytics within these applications empower users to optimize solar energy usage. These tools optimize solar system performance for great cost savings and environmental sustainability..
Though upfront solar installation costs can appear large, they constitute a long-term investment.. By harnessing the power of the sun, you are not only reducing your carbon footprint but also saving money on utility bills in the long run.
Governments provide tax credits and incentives for investing in solar energy. Thoroughly research and consult with Solar Topps before investing in a solar energy system..
Yes, Solar Topps provides solar power monitoring equipment to help users manage and optimize their solar energy systems. Our monitoring solutions are designed with advanced technology to track energy production. We also watch system health and identify any potential issues in real-time. We put a huge emphasis on transparency and efficiency. Solar Topps verifies you have access to accurate data through intuitive platforms.
This enables both our residential and commercial customers to maximize their energy savings. We’ll help you maintain long-term system reliability and performance. Solar Topps delivers quality solar energy solutions for your home or business.
Solar energy presents a sustainable and cost-effective alternative to traditional energy sources. Harness solar power to reduce fossil fuel dependence, lower utility bills, and shrink your carbon footprint.. Solar energy systems often increase property value while requiring minimal maintenance. They are a sound long-term investment for both residential and commercial users.
Modern advancements in solar technology have enabled more accurate and efficient system monitoring. Real-time tracking, predictive maintenance, and automated alerts ensure peak system efficiency.
These innovations maximize energy production and allow for proactive issue resolution. This extends system lifespan and reliability. Solar Topps integrates these technologies to provide our customers with ongoing support.
Our team provides clear, transparent and honest answers to help you
know if upgrading or replacing your monitoring system makes sense.
Very good customer service, took the time to answer all questions and followed up every step of the way. Installers and technicians were so polite and detail oriented
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new...
Solar Topps is great. They didn’t try and sell me a whole new system when all I needed was a new inverter. Two other solar companies tried to sell me a new system for over $30k. They installed the new inverter and the system is up and running. Much better system than before with an even better monitoring system and App. Solar Topps employees are very professional and their follow up and communications are great as well. Thank you Solar Topps!!!
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will...
Solar Topps was great to work with! We never felt pressured into something we didn't need. They communicated with us and kept us updated throughout the process. The installation technicians were respectful and always left our property clean. We will definitely recommend them!
Read More
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they...
Solar Topps installed 35 Panasonic solar panels (14kW), and 2 Tesla Powerwalls at my residence. The overall sales and installation experience was exceptional. The Solar Topps indivduals that I came in contact with were professional, accommodating, and they met the timeline they quoted. I am happy with the system performance and I would highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone looking to install a new solar system.
Read More
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time...
Very glad we went with them. Have friends who went with another company and our experience was seamless. My friends not so much. Always available and responsive. Installation was top quality. Passed our city, fire, and SRP inspections first time and they set them all up for us. One Powerwall we got didn't work on activation and the owner was at our house, on the phone with Tesla who authorized a replacement - which was done within 2 hrs of finding out it wasn't working. Nothing but good things to say about them. Definitely recommend.
Read More
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch....
Adding a battery to my 3-year-old solar system with Solar Topps was a fantastic experience. They timely handled everything from permits to inspections, keeping me informed. Their team's engineering skill, installation quality, and detailed explanations of the system were top-notch. I wholeheartedly recommend them.
Read More
Great communication. Awesome job!
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was...
Great solar company! My installation for my roof top solar complete in 2016-17. Great job then and this year Enphase notified me that wireless gateway for reporting plant status was not reporting plant status and production output (there was no affect to actual production to the grid or for home use). Called Solar Topps support and they worked with me to verify that the gateway had indeed failed and a repair appointment was made to replace it. Service technician was prompt and very knowledgeable regarding the repair. Overall from contacting support to repair work, I am very pleased that I chose Solar Topps for my system and their commitment to long term service and warranty work. I highly recommend this company for anyone desiring a solar
plant installation for their home or business.
Read More
The Solar Topps team is very knowledgeable, professional and customer service driven. I highly recommend them!
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar....
Can't believe they got brand new solar installed in just over two months!!! This allowed us to take advantage of the tax credit before it expired. This is our second home in which we've used Solar Topps to install solar. They are extremely professional and delivered in the anticipated timeframe. Their customer service is great!!
Read More
Solar Topps did a great job designing my system. I've had it for about a month now and I have nothing bad to say about the company, their employees or the product.
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an...
SolorTopps is your choice if you are looking to go solar. They werw tip notch at every phase of the process. They were fast, knowledgeable, polite, and they communicated well throughout the process. There was never an issue reaching someone when we had questions and their service was fantastic. They showed up when they said they would and they did what they said they would do. Their field personnel from their electricians, to the panel install crew, to the engineer that came out to answer questions and walk us thru the app were the best. SolarTopps made the entire process painless and I cannot say enough good things about them. They are your choice for solar. Thank you SolarTopps!!!
Read More
Professionals all the way around. Made sure that nothing ever sat around waiting on them. Clean, solid work.
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made...
Solar Topps exceeded my expectations. The engineering team designed a system tailored to my home with precision and clarity, while the installation crew was professional, efficient, and respectful throughout the process. Their combination of technical expertise and customer care made the entire experience seamless. Highly recommend this local company!
Read More
Very attentive, excellent communication.
The team put together a fantastic system for my household. They were friendly, and professional when talking with them. And they provided updates throughout the whole process
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t...
I wanted to write this review to express my incredible appreciation for Solar Topps and their team. From start to finish, this experience has been an A+. Throughout the process, the communication has been superb and very responsive. I don’t think I waited more than an hour for a response to any email or text message I sent during this process over the last three months. I found them by contacting a solar info specialist named Zak Alomari was so knowledgeable and authentic that I felt comfortable with his recommendations from the start. He was the one who recommended Solar Topps and said he wouldn’t recommend anyone else after doing this for many years because they are so far above anyone else, it’s not even close. He was right…all the way. Thank you Zak. The installation team was extremely professional, kind, and neat. The quality of the install was exceptional. I’m very detailed oriented in my personality and my job, and I noticed all the attention to detail the team took in the whole process. When we designed the system, it was clearly laid out, and we talked through several scenarios of how I might want to use it in the future or expand it so we could get it nailed down perfectly. One of the things I noticed, because I like things clean, neat and organized is the laser engraved labels on all of the elements of the electrical boxes. I did not expect this, but it makes the system’s value even higher. If/when we sell our home in the future, this adds even more value to the system. I cannot recommend them highly enough. I pay attention to service because it means a lot to me, and these guys hit it out of the park. Well done and thank you. -John E (Paradise Valley,AZ)
Read More
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly...
Great experience with Solar Topps installing 10.4 kW and a Tesla Powerwall 3. From the early sales proposals to the panels going live, their communication was top notch. Between city inspections, APS paperwork and getting equipment installed Solar Topps clearly communicated each step of the way and set clear expectations on timelines.
Never realized what a complex space getting solar is. The actual install itself took 3 days (battery, conduit, electrical panel upgrade and solar panels) but the permitting, inspections and approvals were the long haul which took around 90 days - again, I didn't have to do anything. Solar Topps took care of the whole experience.
Thanks to Mark, Jesus and the installer team, Raj and Nitish for excellent communication and workmanship.
If you're curious about solar, my recommendation would be go as big as you can with your budget in terms of panel array and definitely consider a Powerwall. Given our past APS bills, our current system will pay for itself in 6 years. Thanks again Solar Topps!
Read More
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their...
They installed my solar system 2 years ago and installed my battery just last month! I've been up and running without any issues and been saving a lot of money on my electricity bill so I appreciate all of their efforts!
Read More
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I...
I used Solar Topps to add a battery system to my existing Solar. Not only did they do a superb job of installation, they were instrumental in gathering information that was needed to property monitor my system. I wish I would have encountered Solar Topps when I installed the solar system because their customer service is just simply outstanding!
Read More
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar...
Painless repair - had a microinverter issue and I am under warranty. The part was sent free of charge but I was advised there may be a technician charge of a couple hundred dollars for the install. Solar Topps came out and did the repair and charged me zero dollars.
Read More
It was excellent working with SolarTopps. The communication was frequent, timely, and clear throughout the process. The technicians arrived on time and communicated each step of the way. I’m extremely satisfied with their work.
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running...
It was a big job. I didn't expect a complicated project like this to go without a hitch... and it didn't. However, SolarTopps' people were there for every concern. The system's now been installed over two years and it's running smoothly and efficiently. It was a smart purchase.
Read More
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually...
We recently had Solar Topps install our solar and couldn’t be happier. Their communication, friendless and follow-up were incredible. From the time we signed the contract until the system was up and running was extremely seamless. The owner Neal actually called me to go over the Tesla app and make sure everything was dialed in. We highly recommend Solar Topps for anyone interested in getting solar.
Read More
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very...
Solar Topps – fantastic from start to finish. Very knowledgeable and dedicated team that went above and beyond to address all questions in the timely manner. They delivered on all promises and completed the project ahead of time. I’m very pleased with Solar Topps and would highly recommend the company to anyone who values honesty, great customer service and good workmanship.
Read More
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything...
We had a fantastic experience with solar TOPPS folks]. From the very first conversation, communication was prompt and straightforward. The crew showed up on time, worked efficiently, and finished the job exactly as promised — no delays or surprises. Everything went smoothly from start to finish, and the system has been running perfectly. It’s rare to find a company this professional and dependable these days. Highly recommend them to anyone thinking about getting solar!
Read More
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were...
Everyone in Solar Topps is top notch. Professional installers very courteous throughout the whole installation process. On time, get right to the work at hand. Spends extra time ensuring any installation debris was cleaned up like they were never here. Worth giving them your Solar needs project.
Read More
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from...
1 Year ago, you couldn't talk me into solar. I thought it was a scam. At the beginning of 2025, I started seeing videos about solar with a battery. I got interested. I got 9 quotes from different companies. Solar Topps wasn't the cheapest, but it was truly one of the few that was local to the valley. This was important to have a local company involved and not a company that is nationwide using a contractor. One thing I learned fast is that ALL Solar Topps employees live here in the valley. Solar Topps turned out to be the best. Very organized and helpful. Also, Solar Topps designed the best system they could using APS bills. But really, they need more information to dial the system in to your usage. So do your homework and stop blaming them because you didnt give them all the pcs of the puzzle.
Also, when you're new to Solar, the customer has to define their goals to help them. I thought I knew what my goals were. I later learned my goal has changed. I started with a 50-panel 20Kwh system with 1 Powerwall 3 whole-home backup battery. I thought I would never have to buy power from APS again. It wasn't till I started going day by day at my usage and pulling my after-hours, meaning no solar production to see just how many batteries I really need to achieve this. Most people don't know this data.
This process can take longer than expected. Everything that I encountered with delays had nothing to do with them. But I blamed them in the moment. They listened and never got upset with me.
In the end, I was happy with the system they designed based on the info I gave them. After installing, my goals started changing, and I dug deep into usage. Put an energy monitor in my main panel on every circuit to see what uses what in the house. I then changed what I could to lower the usage.
I now have added 2 more Tesla Powerwall expansion batteries. I use zero power from APS and sell them nearly 4 bucks a day in power. It's nice to get paid by them and not pay them. Also, they can raise the rates all they want.t I don't use their power anymore.
Thanks, Niel, Sean, Robby, Summy, Mike, Gaurav
I have turned into a total solar geek. Thanks Solar Topps!!!!
Read More
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would...
Solar Topps support was excellent, I actually got a human. I've had solar for a number of years no problem. A new modem and wifi needed to be connected. Support was extremely patient , for some reason my phone would not bring up my wifi. I told him I would figure it out later. He said he would check back with me to make sure I got connected. A few days later the same guy called back and got me up and running. I'm so greatful for his knowledge and patience.
Read More
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but...
Solar Topps was just a total joy to work with. So careful, so communicative, everything was seamless. I got an impartial review of their bid and was told it was easily the best bid - not just on price but also on quality of products.
Read More
Fixed problem quickly.
They help me with the connection issue I had and everything worked out great. Thanks for being so helpful and thanks for doing it quickly and considerably. Great job.
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and...
What an amazing company Neal their Engineer Gilbert one of their installers and numerous other people that were involved in putting in a very large solar system with Tesla power walls. We’re all amazing individuals that were highly skilled and gave me great customer service. I am super happy with solar tops and would recommend them to anyone who has any type of solar needs.
Read More
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less...
Overall workmanship and communication was to say the least incredible through the entire process I highly recommend these guys. They went over and above anything I could ever expect as far as communication to the entire process installation was less than one day and everything was done flawless.
Read More
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and...
SolarTopps was fantastic! From the initial consultation to the moment we turned on the system, their customer service was top notch. The installers were always punctual, and knowledgeable any time I had questions. The office staff was always gracious and called, texted, and emailed me with each step of the process. I highly recommend SolarTopps for anyone interested in a solar energy system.
Read More
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my...
They gave me the most competitive offer, installed per plan and their technician went above and beyond to hard pipe my EV charger, mainly so everything went smooth on inspection, but he didn’t have to do that. I received my first two APS bills for May and June with an electric vehicle charging in a 2100 sq ft. Home for $31 and $28. They answered all my calls and followed thru with all plans. I would recommend to all my family and friends and in fact I have. Thanks again! I did my homework and it paid off.
Read More
Great company! I've had Solar Topps systems on two separate homes and have had great experiences with both. Any issue I've had has been promptly identified and addressed by them. Would highly recommend.
The customer support at Solar Topps is top notch. They helped me by walking through the process to reset my system and continued to monitor my unit until it was fixed. They are very responsive to any request for assistance.
Sean is very engaging, great customer service, answering questions and trying to help make the best choice wether it is with them or not he still wants to make sure your fully informed.
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to...
Solar Topps has put solar on 2 of our projects and just last week just finished with a removal and addition of panels of one of these projects after a garage was added. They are very easy to work with, and follow through with what they say they are going to do. Highly recommended.
Read More
It was great working with solartopps. Solar Topps did an incredible job with our solar installation! Their team was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient from start to finish. The process was seamless, with clear communication.
customer service is fantastic.........GAURAV is an excellent empoyee. helped me to restore my solar pannel production working on timely and efficient with profassinal manner
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be...
Superb installer, configuration with solar and batteries is perfectly dimensioned and our electrical bill is negligent or negative. Quick response to questions or concerns and great communications. This is a solid, established company and I am confident they will be around for us whenever we would need them.
Read More
Had inverter replaced, great service.
Solar Topps did a great job with their proposal, which was very competitive. They worked hard getting our solar installed and up and running. Highly recommend this company.
Great service, this company stands behind their product and service is terrific. I would recommend Solar Topps for anyone considering going solar.
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery...
This solar company is great. Communication is excellent, whether it is text, call or email they are very fast at responding. Installation and the whole process was seamless, if there were any questions or problems it was always addressed. Battery had a problem due to an error on my side and they contacted me within the same day to let me know the system was off, although I was able to restore power myself they still sent a technician out to check my system and make sure everything was ok. This company is great and goes above and beyond for their customers!
Read More
Great communication through the process. Team was neat, clean and efficient without any inconvenience. Final connection set up by Neal was thorough and timely.
Excellent customer service. Answered all of my questions, worked with me to set up the Enlighten monitoring solar production app and explained everything simply for me without “jargon”
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many...
Working with Solar Topps was a great experience. Everyone was super nice and knowledgeable and all communication was pretty much done through text or email which is great for a busy gal like me. They helped figure out how many panels needed, gave me different pricing options and were super patient with all my questions. I did a lot of research on Solar Companies and these guys were the only ones that didn't seem like slime balls just trying to make a sale. If you are looking for Solar you can't go wrong with these guys!
Read More
Outstanding service by team SolarTopps. Great work ethics and focus on client’s needs. I wish great success for this company! I loved the professionalism of Gaurav. 5* (5 star) performer!!
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There...
Outstanding service and workmanship. It was a very good experience beginning with Zak Alomari of Phoenix Valley Solar, the sales rep. He was knowledgeable and detailed in his explanations and stayed involved every step of the way. There were many steps and everyone at Solar Topps was professional and customer oriented. Special recognition to Zak, my sales rep, John, the electrician who installed the panel upgrade and inverter, and Alex (I hope I remembered that right) and another tech who did the rooftop panel installation. They were fast, efficient, did a clean, attractive job and communicated well.
Read More
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking...
The solar Topps installers were great and very helpful. After it was installed Neal helped go over the battery and confirmed things were set up and helped with getting the tesla app configured.
Friendly and patient and provided great service. Looking forward to reduced costs in electricity and having electricity when any issues come up with the grid.
Read More
Great customer service!
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of...
I have been more than very happy with the system so far and the customer service has been nothing but outstanding! Neil came out to educate me on the system and help me get the max peak performance out of the system! He was very personable very knowledgeable and I appreciate his outstanding customer service! I highly recommend solar tops and I'm not an easy one to convince on anything...
Read More
Solar Topps is fantastic! Everything from the initial install to to follow up questions. This is a top notch company with first class customer support.
This company has not only great customer service but the materials used for the solar equipment is the best. There workmanship was great no complaints whatsoever
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect....
This company is family owned and provides excellent customer service!! They were very responsive to my concerns and they did a fantastic job installing my equipment. The owner came out on site twice to make sure everything is perfect. I highly recommend Solar Topps. This is the second time I have had a solar installation and the first time was through a company through Costco and hands-down Solar Topps is a way better company with a lot better customer service. They did not cut corners or sell me cheap equipment. I’m extremely happy with the product they gave me.
Read More
Solar Topps was amazing and very responsive. They kept me updated throughout the entire process. Definitely recommend this Solar company since they are local and have been in the industry for a long time.
Extremely helpful every step of the way. To the salesman to the installers to the technicians who turned on the system.
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also...
We contracted Solar Topps to install 10.7KW of solar panels and a Tesla Powerwall 3 in our home. As we had recently moved into our home, we did not have any electricity use data from the prior year. We also have an EV that would need to be charged. Solar Topps was able to take our input of what we wanted (100% offset of electricity) and our general life style to come up with a system size to meet our needs. They even suggested that we not put all of the solar panels on the south facing roof but rather put some on our west facing roof to take advantage of the late afternoon sun to help in the summer months when TEP rate is the highest. They worked with us on every step of the process from permitting though final “Permission To Operate” (PTO) from TEP electric company. They had a very completive bid and completed the project in a reasonable time frame. We would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone that was interest in getting solar installed on their home.
Read More
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar...
Very professional. Great communications on all phases. I was able to work with their engineering group on this complicated installation, and it came out perfectly. City inspection passed first time. The Tesla batteries and remote software are impressive. Most solar companies are hit and run with sales people; SolarTopps is real.
Read More
Technician’s were great, staff provided updates in a timely manner
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps...
I cannot recommend Solar Topps enough! I had the pleasure of working with Robby, the co-owner and manager, and was blown away by his knowledge, professionalism, and genuine kindness. Robby graciously gave me a full tour of the Solar Topps facility and took the time to explain every detail of their operations.
What stood out the most was their commitment to excellence. Every part of their business, from the equipment they use to their carefully thought-out practices, reflects their dedication to the highest standards. Robby’s in-depth explanations about how their processes benefit customers gave me complete confidence in their expertise and integrity.
If you’re considering solar in Phoenix, Solar Topps is the clear choice. They combine cutting edge technology with meticulous attention to detail and exceptional customer service. I wouldn’t trust or recommend anyone else!
Read More
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout...
Solar Topps installed a 7.6kw rooftop solar system on my Arizona house last July. Excellent workmanship over 2 days and the system works flawlessly. Following contract execution, they professionally managed all permits, inspections and paperwork, and kept me posted throughout the process. Overall, a great experience with Solar Topps; they definitely know their business!
Read More
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If...
First class all the way from the bid to turning the system on. Got a great competitive price. Solar Topps and sales pro Tony Porter are honest and going to be around for a long time. If you are in Arizona, don’t sub your work to an out of State group. These folks, sales, design, install and support are all employed by Solar Topps in Phoenix, AZ. No sub contractors. I’m very happy with the whole process. Watching my meter spin backwards as we speak!
Read More
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality...
While adding a solar system, to my home, Solar Topps, has been good to deal with. Communications have been good snd timely, and we were able to work through any issues that arose to a mutually beneficial outcome.
The quality of work has been outstanding, and they have shown up as scheduled.. All workers have been courteous and respectful, and responses to questions/issues timely.
In a world full of scammers and less than ethical fly-by- night outfits, Solar Topps has been board and ethical. I would recommend to friends.
Read More
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality,...
I just updated my previous Enphase solar system that was installed about 2 years ago by Solar Topps. I called them back and asked them to install 9 more solar panels. As always, Solar Topps did a quality, professional installation of the additional panels. I am retired from an aviation maintenance / quality control career, so I expect quality when I higher a company for service and am very disappointed when hack preforms sub par workmanship. I have no hesitation recommending Solar Topps for your solar installation or upgrade. They are the best!
Read More
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the...
This review is for a rooftop solar combined with Tesla Powerwall 3 install.
I had been considering solar for some time, but sticker shock from the APS rate increases finally pushed me to act. I knew I wanted to own the panels instead of getting locked into some weird lease system. Fortunately, I knew Mark Greene through work and asked his advice. He works with Solar Topps and was able to sit down with my family and clearly explain the pros and cons of different options, and give us a detailed picture of what we could expect. We decided it was a good move for us and signed up.
Once the process began, it went pretty much exactly as Mark described. The installers were very professional and efficient. They work directly for the company (not subcontractors) so the communication was quick and easy and their truck was clearly labeled Solar Topps. They left the work area clean when they were done and the black on black solar panels look very nice and modern.
The regulation process through the City of Phoenix and APS was definitely slow but at least proceeded smoothly. Solar Topps kept us informed of next steps and what to expect for a general timeline. So that part was as painless as possible.
Now that the system is turned on and running we are very satisfied with the results. The Tesla app makes everything about your power use and generation very clear. When nothing is turned on you can see the baseline power your house uses, and the when the heater or airconditioning turns on you can see the use jump up, which is informative. Also you can easily see how much power use was solar, battery, and grid along with a cost savings estimate.
So over all, I would highly recommend talking to Mark to get a good idea of what your different options are, and I would trust Solar Topps to give you a clean and efficient install and setup. Just keep in mind that your city and APS/SRP are going to take a while to inspect and approve everything. After that, enjoy making your own power, saving money and being secure from blackouts.
Read More
professional and helpful. I highly recommend this company
Great people to work with
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them...
Solar Topps made the whole process worry free for me. They were all friendly and knowledgeable with my questions. They took care of everything and kept me updated on the work and what was going on. I highly recommend them for your solar.
Read More
excellent post-install care and support
Excellent support removing then replacing my solar as I had my roof redone. Very professional, on-time, cleaned up and answered all my questions.
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for...
In today’s view, solar companies don’t always have a good reputation, and we were actually hesitant to go solar. However, Solar Topps gave us and solar a great reputation and made it a seamless sale through installation process for our home. From the beginning in talking to our salesman, Sean, his communication was outstanding, answering our every question, even on weekends. Solar Topps worked with us in delaying our install, so it was convenient for us. The install of our adapted power box and solar panels was well done and organized. All of the workers from electricians to installers were all professional and friendly, and all made it a very pleasant experience for us. We look forward to the savings we will receive by going solar.
Read More
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the...
Solar Topps installed our solar system 8 years ago. Recently we needed repairs and they were fantastic. Mark,Evalio,Josh and Gilbert worked tirelessly. Ayush and Arnav handled cust service like pros. Zip tied wires,replaced connections and warranted inverter.. in the heat of 110. They even upgraded our monitor. Beyond happy with this company.
10-18-24:Great service once again, we had Microinverters installed and everything was fantastic. A month or so later one of our panels stopped charging but ST came over quickly and repaired the connector and our system works again perfectly. Mark was technician, worked like the pro he is. Hannah Cooper handled scheduling and communication with the expertise and grace of a professional customer service representative. We love ST and recommend them people who want a good ,secure,reliable company taking care of them.
Read More
Great customer service.
Experienced disruptions with solar communications. After several unsuccesful attempts to self-correct I called Solar Topps, the installer. Mike and his boss came, diagnosed problem and promptly corrected it. Covered by warranty. Should have called sooner.
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all...
Excellent customer service! A lot of this process happened behind the scenes; I was not once inconvenienced by the installation appointments and before I knew it, it was time to power it up and start saving! My installer answered all of my questions and made me feel very comfortable about my decision to go with solar. I would recommend this company to anyone thinking about solar.
Read More
Solar Topps is a Great Solar Company. They are very prompt to answer any questions or service needed. I am very happy with my choice for Solar Topps.
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me...
Before I say anything else, I wanted to acknowledge that the Solar Topps crew that came to remove and then replace my solar panels were excellent. And in particular, my field manager Michael went above and beyond to help me navigate a difficult situation. Solar Topps was great with communication in terms of when the crew would be there to do the work. On the day of, the crew was prompt and extremely courteous, and always kept me informed about their progress. The job needed to be spanned out over a couple of days but I didn't mind because I knew it was being done right, no corners cut.
I needed to have my panels removed because of a roof leak situation that turned out not to be the fault of Solar Topps. Michael came to my property numerous times and even coordinated with my roofing company to help identify the source of the problem. Nobody wants to deal with a situation like this but Michael was extremely knowledgable and came to the site with a ton of experience (and patience!) to do whatever he could to help set things right. He thoroughly inspected the site at each critical step of the fixing process and always took the time to make sure I felt comfortable with the plan of action. He gave me great advice backed by years of experience, and like I said, he was on site (probably more than usual - which is why I say he went above and beyond) to make sure all was well. It has yet to rain again to make sure the reroofing (done by my roofing company) fixed the issue, but I feel confident in everything that Michael and the Solar Topps install team did for my particular situation.
I wouldn't wish a roof leak situation on anyone, it can get expensive fast and is very stressful... but I will say that Solar Topps treated me and the situation (which was lengthy and complex) well. I was always able to get ahold of someone and service was prompt. I've talked with a lot of solar companies and would still very highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in getting solar (just make sure your roof is SOLID before you put panels on!)
Read More
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my...
I contacted Solar Topps earlier today, the company that installed the Solar Panels at my home. An Engineer (Aneal) called me a short time later. I told him what my issues were (not being able to monitor the wattage my Panels was generating), so he ask me if I mind if he could disconnect so he could do some research, he called back promptly as he promised. Aneal walked me through everything that I need to do to understand how to log on the Solar Edge support site and monitor the output of my Panels. I had been at this for about a week and was about ready to give up. Thank you Aneal. I really appreciated you help.
Read More
Service is always fast and friendly.
Top class experience. Some of the micro inverters were not reporting and I left a message after hours. Got a call within an hour with resolution. Great customer oriented dedicated management and team. Highly recommend them!! Thanks Solar Topps team.
I called Solar Topps at 2:00 when I noticed my system was down and they came out quickly and it was back on before 5:00. Great job!!
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the...
I recently moved into a new home and was having a hard time getti;ng my solar system to report. Kept getting the error message microinverters not reporting. I finallly 'chatted' with Ramachandra who was able to correct the issue. She was polite, patient and thorough. Solar Topps customer service is excellent.
Read More
Got my system up and running again.
Incredible service, great prices, super professional!
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create...
We are now awaiting imminent connection from the electric utility followed by training and launch of our new solar system from Solar Topps. From the initial intro, customer education, data compilation, preparation of a quote, adjusting of specs to create the final highly professional proposal, to hand holding all the way through the actual installation of the system, we have been impressed. Solar Topps is clearly a solid, honest, and very dependable resource in their category and, all things considered, we believe we received tremendous value from our transaction. We wholeheartedly recommend them to others.
Read More
System went down and received a quick response.
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great...
Finding a quality solar installer was miserable and I went through probably 25-30 companies . before I found Solar Topps. They were much cheaper and didn’t feel like I was talking to a used cars salesman. They did a great job and were the best price on the market! Would highly recommend. I’ve had my panels for 6 months now and it’s been fantastic!! May was our best month yet, our bill was $2 for a 2600 sq ft home.
Read More
Excellent staff. Was kept well informed of every step in the process.
The service technician did a great job correcting the problem.
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out...
I had a great installation experience with Solar Topps, Solar plus battery. The system has been performing great and the enphase app is great. I had an electrical issue a few months after installation and it turned out to be an issue with the builder of my home not properly tightening the main service line to my service panel. In troubleshooting Solar Topps resolved the issue for me!
Read More
Had an issue with our solar and team was timely in helping get a resolution. When working with manager, he was receptive to feedback and worked to ensure all concerns were resolved.
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from...
Our experience with Solar Topps has been positive from start to finish. A recent roof replacement required our panels to be removed and then reinstalled after completion of the roof. Solar Tops coordinated with our roofing contractor from start to finish to make sure our solar production loss was cut to a minimum. All work was done as promised!
Read More
Mark arrived on time and completed the service quickly. He addressed all my questions and helped me understand the nature of the problem and the fix. Thank you Mark and thanks Solar Topps for a quick response to my concern.
Excellent service. Had an issue with Solar Inverter registration with Tesla, resolved quickly and made sure that App is reflecting with the changes. Now I can see inverter in App and track the data. Thanks
Great company and I love my solar system.The sales representative was very professional and the construction crew did great work.
All around great company. Price service and the best part is the 25 year production guarantee.
Great solar company. Would recommend !
Great company. Good work, clean install, money saved!
Smooth and easy process, great company
Great company, loved working with them!
Seamless process, and easy to work with! Great team
Great company.
Best company I had come give a quote, worked with me and my timeline! Great sales man, not pushy at all!
Great customer service. I had a problem with my solar panels, and they came out the next day to fix them. Very professional and great service.
Solar Topps is always willing to help with any problem with a prompt resolution. Thanks Sashi
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing...
Had an amazing experience with Solar Topps assisting me in every aspect to getting my panels repaired and re-installing the netting for bird deterrent. They explained the whole process in detail and fairly quickly and panels have been working amazing ever since!!! Highly recommended!
Read More
Good Solar company; quick customer care resolution team and friendly; definitely would recommend them to everyone
Installed last year. Very Professional, good service after install. Had some panel issues but pretty responsive and fixed those all in the next day or two. Highly recommended !
Solar Topps resolved a roof leak, one day after my very concerned phone call. Very satisfied, very reassuring. Thank you.
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting...
Good company to deal with! Only complaint was not having a complete detailed list of equipment being installed. We ended up getting exactly what we thought we were but we didn’t find out details of exact equipment until the permitting phase of the process. All worked out good!! 👍🏻
Read More
Extremely knowledgable, very patient and fixed my problem.... thank you so much for your help
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was...
Great communication every step of the way. Fast installation. Had a breaker trip frequently in my fuse box after install (related to new solar) and solar top repair tech came out to repair same day as my service request. Was impressed because it was a holiday weekend right before Christmas.
Read More
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated...
The whole process of our solar installation was completely smooth and without issue from the initial meeting with the sales person to the final inspection. The whole process was done efficiently and every step of the process was openly communicated to us. Very happy that we went with Solar Topps.
Read More
Great service and very informative about the process
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not...
Arnav was patient and walked me through changing my Wi-Fi settings and then he called back the next day to make sure I did it correctly. He made sure to check my solar production. And mind you, I am not tech savvy so he helped me step by step! Thank you!
Read More
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of...
I had a fantastic experience with Solar Topps from start to finish! The sales process was informative and transparent. The team took the time to explain everything to me, from the benefits of solar energy to the specific details of the installation process. They customized a solution that perfectly met my needs and budget, and I never felt pressured to make a decision.
The installation crew was professional and efficient. They arrived on time and worked diligently to install my solar system. The quality of their work was exceptional, and they paid attention to every detail to ensure a seamless integration with my roof. I was impressed by their expertise and dedication to delivering a top-notch installation.
Activating the system was a breeze, thanks to Solar Topps' guidance. They provided clear instructions and support throughout the process, making sure I understood how to monitor and maintain my solar system.
One of the reasons I chose Solar Topps was their use of top-quality panels. They offered a range of options, and I was able to select panels that suited my needs and budget. Knowing that I have high-quality panels installed gives me peace of mind about the long-term performance of my solar system.
To top it all off, Solar Topps offered the best price in Phoenix. I did my research and compared quotes from several companies, and Solar Topps came out on top in terms of value for money. I couldn't be happier with my decision to go solar with Solar Topps. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a reliable, professional, and cost-effective solar solution!
Read More
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and...
I want to give a Shout Out to Solar Topps for the wonderful service in installing our Solar System. I signed a contract with Solar Topps in early January and about 30 days later the system is up and running! They were easy to work with and they handle all the little details with permits, the power company and our HOA. All I had to do was write 3 checks (almost painless).
Read More
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar...
Great Company. A Solar Fixture in the valley of the Sun. There products, staff and understanding of Solar Energy is unmatched by any other company in the valley. You need solar answers, call Solar Topps. The leader in Arizona's Solar Revolution!!!!
Read More
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this...
Top notch solar company. I shopped everywhere - they came back much cheaper than Tesla even using Tesla inverter and materials. Communication has been excellent every step of the way. Cant say enough good things about this company. Thank you!
Read More
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free...
This is a great company to work with. From the time of sale to complete install, with also being turned on by APS, was about 3 months! Solar Topps moves very fast but does not sacrifice quality. Get free from your electric company and all their added fees, GO SOLAR! Also the Fed. is willing to pay for a hefty portion of your solar install, let Solar Topps come by your home and explain it all.
Read More
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process,...
Solar Topps was great to work with. All of my questions and concerns were addressed immediately. They are extremely customer focused. The work was all performed as scheduled and was completed in a timely and professional manner. The entire process, including city and APS inspections, took less time than estimated. I would highly recommend Solar Topps to anyone interested in installing solar panels.
Read More
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager,...
Solar Topps exceeded our expectations. Sean O’Brien patiently addressed all of our questions and answered them thoroughly. The company hires smart, personable and kind people. Through every phase of the project, competent professionals completed each step impeccably. The project manager, Nolan, stayed in close contact and communicated above and beyond what we expected. Solar Topps completed the project ahead of schedule. Scot completed the very final steps efficiently and went beyond what we expected. We can’t say enough positive things about our experience.
Read More
Solar Topps replaced one of my panels that had been hit by a golf ball. They were very friendly and efficient
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We...
This has been a long time coming.. because I’m not the most technical soul. Solar Topps did an amazing job installing and monitoring our system. We studied and interviewed many companies before deciding to go with them. We wanted to put the electric bill to rest. There are so many companies out there, selling solar. They use a line like “ we can save you money”. We didn’t want to just save money, we wanted our bill eliminated.
5 years later, we pay a few dollars in taxes on the bill, and get money back at end of the year. I feel bad for people that fall for the solar lease. We have a Pre-paid lease… which means we own our system, but they do any maintenance for 20 years. It is the best of both worlds. No monthly bills. No monthly lease to pay, no maintenance…The system paid for itself in less the 5 years
Read More
Solar Topps is absolutely Topps in the field. They are very helpful, efficient, and they know what they are doing. I am so grateful for all that was done for me to make this dream of mine come true!
Installed a 10KW system at our home in Mohave Valley, AZ. System performing at/above expectations. Install was done well, and installers were courteous and professional. Highly recommend.
Arnav was very helpful when I called. Thank you, Arnav.
Arnav (support) and Sean O'Brien (sales) are always fast in responding to all my questions. Solar panels come with a lot of new information and Solar Topps makes sure I am satisfied every time I call.
Solar Topps was SO awesome on the installation and continues to be OUTSTANDING in any customer service inquiry I have. I give them 5 stars for their follow-up and follow-thru. Thank you Solar Topps!
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!!...
First off, Tyler was our Energy consultant and he exceeded all of our expectations. Our installation team from Solar Topps did a great job as well. We've had our system for about a year now and still no APS bill!! 10/10 recommend.
Read More
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams...
My experience with Solar Topps has been TOPS. My salesperson was very transparent and also had the best price. The project manager did an excellent job of keeping me informed and everyone on schedule. The two installation teams were also very good, hard working and from a customers’ perspective, informative and friendly. I was very pleased with the entire process and would recommend Solar Topps to anyone!
Read More
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure...
SolarTopps has been great to work with. When a problem occurred with our system, they went above and beyond to find and correct the issue. They worked hard, got our system back up and running, and made sure to follow up to insure all was corrected. Thank you so much, SolarTopps for all your great work!
Read More
Solar Topps is a great company to buy solar from. They have great pricing, many financing options, skilled staff, and provide excellent ongoing support. Would highly recommend.
They replaced an out of warranty inverter with a new one promptly and connected to my mySolar phone App also. Tech knew what was needed to be done. Excellent company.
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house...
Solar Topps has been great. Our solar system was turned on today and Solar Topps has done an excellent job throughout the whole process. They responded to our telephone questions promptly. ALL of the techs that came to our house have been courteous and very capable. Not one surprise. If a tech is going to be late they call you and let you know so you aren't left waiting. We went with a different solar company also on Energy Sage and cancelled our contract 10 days into it because we weren't getting called back, we were left hanging when techs didn't show up and they were using subcontractors. Really good decision to bail on that company and go with Solar Topps. A very low stress experience from beginning to end.
Read More
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the...
Have had the system for about 10 months now. Overall it's running as good or better then the estimates. Price was tied with another installer but solar topps offered better panels and inverters.
Only had one issue during installation where the workers cracked a couple tiles on the roof which can happen when doing major roof work. But they had a quality inspector check everything and informed me about the broken tiles and they sent out a guy to replace them. This is nice because I have heard of other solar companies not advice that they broke some tiles. Originally they did not have the correct tiles and instead did a repair on the cracked ones while they looked for tiles that would replace them. Ended up coming out 3 times until they got a set of tiles that fit properly and they replaced them with no charge at all.
Only other issue i had was the central computer that reports system outputs not working but they also came out and replaced that no issues at all.
Overall very friendly and responsive support so far and I fully expect it will continue if I ever need to contact them again.
Read More
I love working with Solar Topps. They really care about there customers.
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps,...
Recently I noticed that two of my panels were shown in a different shade of blue when reviewing the panel array section of the monthly production report shown on the Enphase website used for monitoring. I called Solar Topps, the firm that installed the solar back in 2017, to ask them to diagnose the problem. Shortly after one of their technicians scheduled an appointment to do a field inspection that disclosed burn marks on the two panel. A warranty application was promptly prepared by Solar Topps and forwarded to Hyundai, the panel manufacturer in Korea for approval. After prompt and persistent follow by Solar Topps an approval was granted. Two new panels were installed on my roof within 30 days of discovering the problem at no expense to me. I'm very grateful to the staff and management of Solar Topps for the hassle-free follow through and the standing behind of their warranty obligations......Tom Snyder
Read More
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always...
Solar Topps is the company handling my solar power since our house purchase in 2017. I would like to thoroughly commend their new Service Team - Arnav Sharma and Kaveri Mishra - they are so thoughtful, patient, informative and always quickly followed up with any of my concerns. I was very happy to be working with them when one of my inverters needed to be replaced. Bradley and Mark were also two of the best technicians- very kind and knowledgeable! Thank you!
Read More
Couldn’t have asked for better customer service. I was kept informed every step of the way and any questions I had were quickly answer to my satisfaction. They took care of everything!
Neal reached out and assisted in resolving my issue after hours on a Sunday evening. Thank you.
Solar Topps installed our system three years ago. They were very responsive throughout the process leading up to activation. Their after installation support is professional and competent in addressing in issues with production. I recommend Solar Topps
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very...
Very impressed with the overall deliverables from Solar Topps. I received bids from three companies and they were close to the cheapest which had me a little concerned. But we agreed to the work and things were very well communicated and went very smooth. A couple minor things at the end of the install, that they mitigated pretty quickly. Overall would completely recommend.
Read More
They helped me out on their day off to help resolve my issue! Great customer service
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a...
I had a great experience with everyone at Solar Topps. I am located in Tucson, and they quoted and scheduled me with nice options. Everything was installed quickly and is generating/running full throttle. I’m very happy! I even added a couple EV chargers and a roof allowance to the financing, which was a great help. Thanks for making it all work. Thanks again!
Read More
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier...
I received a two quotes using Energy Sage, one from Solar Topps. After doing some research online, I decided to contact Solar Topps to obtain more information. Tony was my first contact and he couldn't have made it any easier to understand every step involved in the installation of the solar panels. Nolan, Tony, Neal, sangram, Harshad, and the installation crew were fantastic in keeping me informed during each step of the process. Whenever I had a question, I received an answer the same day. I really appreciate the work involved by every one from start to finish to make the completion of the project so quick, especially since I live in Tucson. I won't hesitate to refer them to my friends!
Read More
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan...
I was referred to Solar Topps through Energy Sage after having had a less than adequate experience with another Solar Installation Company. Solar Topps was upfront and completely transparent with the entire process from start to finish. Sean and Nolan were and continue to be extremely helpful in every aspect.
Solar Topps is a Top Notch Professional Business. I am extremely happy and glad that I decided to go with them as my Solar System Installer.
Read More
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and...
We shopped carefully once we decided to finally install a solar panel system. We nearly signed a contract with a national company and hesitated once we found out they didn't have a local subcontractor to actually install the system and would, instead, have a company travel from Tucson to Cave Creek.
We contacted a few local companies and also used Energy Sage online to get some quotes. Two responses from Energy Sage included Solar Topps and we're glad they did.
Solar Topps gave us a price equal to the lowest national quote and the hardware was better (Panasonic panels versus something else) and good Enphase electronics. They were also a couple thousand dollars less than another local company we had install our solar hot water heater system.
We had a signed contract with Solar Topps dated March 9 and our system was turned on and working April 12.
That, to us, is an incredibly fast turnaround for a good sized solar panel system. We had been prepared by other companies for a 90 day period of time start to finish, so to have it done in a few days more than A MONTH was a very pleasant surprise.
We didn't have to do ANY of the paperwork with Maricopa County or APS, Solar Topps took care of all of it in a painless fashion.
Solar Topps was a pleasure to work with every step of the way. Any questions were answered via phone or email VERY promptly and correctly.
An example:
Our system has panels oriented south and west. Solar Topps was the only company to come up with this option to maximize the efficiency of our system to take advantage of the peak power rates of APS by having some panels installed to maximize the efficiency of the total system in the afternoon when the sun is lower in the west. See the attached real-time report from our panels and an early billing report from APS where our first few days with the system running has APS paying US instead of vice-versa. (to be fair, the weather has been easy and the A/C hasn't been running, but... still that's pretty cool)
If you are thinking of solar and you're in the Phoenix metro area (or elsewhere, even), you should definitely give SERIOUS consideration to using local company around for a long time Solar Topps.
Seriously, DO IT!
Read More
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly...
I have had a residential solar installation for my home in the beginning of the year and my experience has been great. The installation was timely and the only issue that occured after installation with a microinverter was resolved quickly and attentitivley. i have overall confidence in the product i purchaced and am happy with my new solar system. i definitley reccomend Solar Topps for cusomer service and thouroughness.
Read More
great response on issues and prompt fix thank you
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update....
Good information, very patient and informative. Got Enphase up and going!
However, the tech I spoke with this morning said he would update the Enphase program so I could see my estimated savings in $$s. That hasn't happened... yet?
Let me update. The estimated savings function is not available and it works very well!
Read More
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from...
We researched many solar companies and landed on Solar Topps. Their agreement was clear, concise, and customer oriented. The materials and workmanship with excellent. They kept us in the loop with every step of the process from beginning to end.
Highly recommend anyone looking at adding solar to their home to contact Solar Topps
Read More
Quick, efficient, professional. Very responsive to deal with unexpected issues.
I'm very impressed with the work that went into the design, permit and inspections. I have had it since 2015 and don't regret the decision I made.
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of...
We bought our panels instead of leasing. The company rep. explained to us types of panels, the process for approval, Federal and State tax credits we will (have now received on this years tax return), timeline from signing of contract to when panels would go "live". The company met the timeline. A few times since Sept. 2014 the software to monitor production was lost. On each occasion one phone call was made and a tech was out and I was able to again look on my laptop and see what my panels were producing. A neighbor of mine went with a competitor two weeks after I signed. I was live in Sept. 2014 and he was live in Jan. 15! I have no problem in referring people to Solar Topps. We received three bids and Solar Topps was the best price, we are very happy we went with them and have referred them to friends.
Read More
Absolutely no problems with huge electric bill savings.
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to...
Our move in May 2015 from MN to AZ was a wakeup call for us and our summer energy bills. After paying hundreds for energy during the four hot months of AZ summer, we knew something had to change. After speaking to others in our community, attending seminars and crunching numbers, we felt solar panels was the way to go and Solar Topps offered us the best plan for our needs. I figured our breakeven point would be 8 plus years. We have had our solar panels for 6 years and next year they will have paid for themselves. The panels have been so maintenance free we tend to forget about them. If asked about it, I tell people I'm happy we went solar and would do it again.
Read More
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take...
We had this 5kv installed on our home in chandler, AZ and we never had issue in generating electricity. Whenever i needed some help technically or for documents and certificates - they were very responsive and was able to take care of me in no time. Looking forward for their new venture in solar so i can go for our new home.
Read More
Glad I chose Solar Topps. Would be so again.
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever...
Fantastic system install. Great crew of extraordinarily hard workers. Support has been perfect over the last 10 years. Well engineered solar power system that has outperformed our expectations. APS bill has been ridiculously low after install. Best investment we ever made. I highly recommend them.
Read More
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from...
I had Solar Topps install my solar energy system several years ago. I interviewed three or four companies at the time and chose Solar Topps because they use the highest quality components. At the time and from my perspective, the installation company was important but the components were more important. It is my opinion that Solar Topps uses only the best components.
Also, I wanted to own my system and get the federal tax credits. I did and with my reduced cost of installation, I calculate my investment will be returned in savings in between five and six years. All components are warranted at least 20 years. Having been a business owner before my retirement, that is an OK deal.
Leasing my system and making monthly payments instead of paying the utility company directly did/does not comply with my preferences.
The actual installation was very well done. It looks good and is strong. It has survived several wind storms, including the recent micro burst that took down hundreds of trees in our area and took down three large trees within 50 yards of my home. Damage to my solar system was zero.
Further, i receive monthly energy production reports that allow me to monitor my usage and savings on an ongoing basis. My energy production is actually better than our estimates were at the time of installation.
I am pleased with every aspect of the work Solar Topps did for us.
Read More
Excellent service in every way. Highly recommend Solar Tops.
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to...
Personally I had a very good experience. Prices were much lower than the competition. Each time I had an issue, my emails were answered very quickly. Installation took a while but everything was fixed quickly.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to my neighbors.
Read More
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! ...
Outstanding Customer Service! Chris, their Customer Service Representative, was extremely responsive to my inquiry about our need for a supplementary solar monitoring device. Less than twenty four hours later it has been installed and best of all it's working! This is absolutely the best customer service experience we have had out of all of the local companies that we have dealt with. We highly recommend Solar Topps.
Read More
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive,...
I had a great experience with Solar Topps. I had received quotes from 7 different companies and they won my business for various reasons. Their price was extremely competitive when comparing similar quality products, they were extremely responsive, Their sales rep. (Tony) took the time to walk me through the proposal, but was also extremely responsive through the full experience. Nearly every follow question I had was answered the same day. Even when there was an issue with the initial plan that was submitted to SRP, they quickly offered alternate options that still met my needs.
The installation was seamless, and even though we were near the end of the year, they managed to get everything done and turn on before the 2020 tax incentives expired. The system has been turned on for two months now and everything is performing as expected.
The only area of improvement I could suggest is that during the quoting process, it was not clear that they would not be installing a demand load management system (which is fairly standard) and the connections to see my house's power consumption/demand from the grid. Not a huge deal, but a little more clarity there would have been helpful, but would not have changed my mind in selecting them.
Overall I am extremely pleased with the system so far and have not had any surprises in my bills from SRP.
Read More
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to...
During this COVID-19 outbreak, Solar Topps has been there for our family when it mattered most. With our current financial situation we knew that saving money on our electric bill would make a huge difference for us. We wanted to have our system up and running as quickly as we could. Joan and her team had our system turned on within 2.5 months. We were so impressed by this, especially considering all of the shut downs that were impacting our permitting and inspection timelines. But they made it happen! We are so happy to finally have our system running and helping us save money, especially when every bit counts. We will be recommending this company to all of our friends and neighbors that are considering going solar.
Read More
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the...
Tony was our case manager and his group installed for us very happy with his crew and he was an amazing person to work with,tried everything to help us solve a big problem of transfer of ownership the panels did everything he said it would do
Of
Read More
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up...
Solar Topps installation crew #2 (Mario crew boss) just installed our panels today and they were quick and efficient. They were very thorough in explaining the process and what the next step was in our project. They cleaned up and were very respectful. We have been working with Solar Topps for several months as they went through the process of permits, electrical installation then the solar panels. We are looking forward to the rebate the Government will return. We should be up and running in 2 weeks after inspection and meter install. We recommend this reputable company.
Read More
EXcellent company. Excellent professional service. Strongly recommended.
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario...
Solar Topps replaced the micro-inverters in our Sun Power panels. Their office was very good in letting me know the situation and then setting up an appointment. I can not say enough about Mario's crew that replaced the micro-inverters. Mario showed up at the scheduled appointment. He and his crew were very professional and did a fantastic job. Thank you Solar Topps!
Read More
Had solar tops for 3 years love them
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was...
Solar Topps is excellent. After 8 years, our one inverter reported some issue through monitoring software which I was not aware. They called me, sent service manager and replaced a small battery in inverter for internal clock. Solar Production was not affected still they followed up very professionally. Excellent Solar company.
Read More
Great company, excellent customer service!
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with...
Just have to say this company was awesome to work with! I had met with 3 other local solar companies and was not happy with the layout or promised power coverages and panel options. My salesman Sean was excellent with his presentation and layout along with his explanation in regards to solar panels and there differences. He wasn't trying to push high-end panels down my throat like some other companies, I had already done all my own research in regards economy,standard and premium panel options. I went with the standard/economy blended panel option as i like to call it, signed my contract and left the rest up to solartopps. The process and installation took a while,longer then expected actually. I never complained,never bothered the company during this entire process I just let them do there thing. In the end they did me a solid, upgraded my panels to premium at no extra costs to me. They didn't have to do that,in fact most companies wouldn't even bother to offer it. In my personal opinion that's what separates a good company from a great company! Having said all that, can't forget about the installation crew! Splendid work boys! From the installation of panels and wiring of the box very clean, nicely done! Customer service department you ask? Excellent! I was updated via email thru the entire process,informed about each step was nice! Thank you all, I am very appreciative of all your efforts and for the upgraded panels.
Read More
Best service ever talk to a couple of solar company but noting like solar topp I love it!!!
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a...
We used Solar Topps for our solar system. Their sales staff was honest with not no pressure to buy. No deposit was required. Solar Topps kept us informed through the permitting process. Anytime I had a question they were always available by phone. You could always talk with the owners of this company. Their installation crew was professional and competent. They paid close attention to detail and I am very please with the neatness of the installation. Solar Topps works closely with APS and our system was up and running within one week of final approval from the city. I recommend Solar Topps without reservation.
Read More
After interviewing 3 solar installation services, we selected SolarTopps. We were favorably impressed with their presentation and their responses to our questions. The installation was neat and professional, and the system is operating very effectively.
We have received your application and are in the process of reviewing the submission. Our team is excited to learn more about your qualifications and how they align with the requirements of the role. We will be in touch with further updates regarding the status of your application.
Please check your email inbox for meeting link and details.
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| __cf_bm | 1 hour | This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management. |
| AWSALBCORS | 7 days | Amazon Web Services set this cookie for load balancing. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement | 1 year | Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. |
| cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". |
| CookieLawInfoConsent | 1 year | CookieYes sets this cookie to record the default button state of the corresponding category and the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie. |
| JSESSIONID | session | New Relic uses this cookie to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application. |
| viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. |
| wpEmojiSettingsSupports | session | WordPress sets this cookie when a user interacts with emojis on a WordPress site. It helps determine if the user's browser can display emojis properly. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| aka_debug | session | Vimeo sets this cookie which is essential for the website to play video functionality. |
| player | 1 year | Vimeo uses this cookie to save the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. |
| pvc_visits[0] | 2 minutes | Posts View Counter set this cookie to ensure accurate view counts on each page. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| AWSALB | 7 days | AWSALB is an application load balancer cookie set by Amazon Web Services to map the session to the target. |
| sync_active | never | This cookie is set by Vimeo and contains data on the visitor's video-content preferences, so that the website remembers parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. |
| Cookie | Duration | Description |
|---|---|---|
| _ga | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors. |
| _ga_* | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views. |
| vuid | 1 year 1 month 4 days | Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos on the website. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------