ROOT: https://barnumcelillo.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:51:30.542879Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 24

================================================================================

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/

Experience the BCE Difference
Discover the unmatched dedication, integrity, and craftsmanship of BCE.
Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc.
From engineering and electrical contracting to solar and wind to muti-tenant/multifamily to prefab and microgrids….
…a “Hands-on Commitment from Conception to Completion”. Founded in 1990, BCE has grown to be one of the premier electrical contractors in the western United States. We have successfully built our company on financial strength and project consistency. Our highly skilled field electricians, coupled with our experienced management team and support staff, will meet any challenge your electrical project presents.
Relationships with our clients are our most prized assets!
Fred Barnum and Paul Celillo created BCE to provide exceptional value to our customers while enhancing the professional and personal lives of our team members. As you walk through our website, hear our team members tell the story, from HR practices fostering long-term team members’ commitment, to cutting-edge technology and customer solutions in exciting new service areas like microgrids.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/projects

BCE Projects
BCE serves the entire spectrum of commercial and industrial clients, such as:
Amazon • Trader Joes • Rite Aid • Walgreens • Target • Cost Plus • Walmart • Raley’s • Citigroup • Lowe’s • Safeway • Williams-Sonoma • United Natural Foods• Mondavi Wineries • U.S. Rents • Best Buy • Kubota • Catholic Healthworks West • Northbay Medical • Office Depot • Staples • Bed, Bath & Beyond • Orchard Supply Hardware • PetSmart • Ross Dress for Less • OfficeMax • Penske Trucking • Acura • Honda • Chevrolet • GMC • Kia • Subaru • Dodge • Tesla • Audi • Mercedes Benz • Carmax • Voltswagon • BMW • Mazda • Chrysler • Federal Express • Aramark • Jacmar Foods • Costco • Home Depot • Kohl’s • Gap Corporation • Barnes & Noble • Longs Drugs • Panera Bakery • Hewlett-Packard • Stockman Bank • Washington Mutual Bank • River City Bank • Mechanics Bank • California National Guard • Contractors State License Board • Edwards Theatre • Brenden Theatre • PowerFlex • DSD Renewables

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/company

About BCE
Get to Know BCE
From conception to completion, BCE delivers with pride, with integrity, and with the highest standards of quality and performance.
Our efficient design process, driven by cutting-edge technology and top-flight engineering, ensures quick, innovative, and cost-effective solutions. Behind the scenes, our professional office staff manages an automated purchasing system, maintains long-standing relationships, and guarantees exceptional quality construction. With decades of committed relationships, a large labor pool of qualified electricians, and skilled support staff, BCE efficiently handles projects of any size with a commitment to accuracy and effectiveness.
Our seasoned team starts with an automated state-of-the-art estimating system. Bids are consistently competitive and thorough. No holes. No surprises. Expect immediate response to needs for additional pricing.
Smart, Efficient Design.
Why do companies consistently turn to BCE for their most important projects?
Complete and Competitive Bids.
Our top-flight design and engineering staff uses cutting-edge technology to provide you with innovative and cost-effective solutions. BCE’s long-tenured professionals turn projects around quickly. We meet deadlines and deliver a complete project.
Exceptional Quality Construction. Hassle-Free.
Our relationships and manpower are the resources that matter. With decades of committed relationships with our distributors and manufacturers, we can expedite the submittal and procurement process, without sacrificing accuracy. We have one of the largest labor pools of highly qualified electricians on the west coast, and enough skilled support staff to handle a project of any size. Regardless of the demands of the job, BCE will rise to the occasion.
BCE puts highly skilled professionals in the field on every project. Professionals who are always accessible and available when you need them, right up to the senior managers of the company. In fact, you are assured senior level involvement throughout the construction process. BCE is known for its meticulous attention to detail. Our excellent relations with city and county inspectors combined with our high standards allow us to help clients get through inspections smoothly and effectively.
Attention to Detail Behind the Scenes.
Our professional office staff is courteous and customer-focused, with a reputation for accurate and reliable service. You benefit from our long-standing relationships with manufacturers and distributors. And our automated purchasing system is managed by experienced staff who know how to locate and expedite the toughest orders.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/theatre-projects

Theatre Projects
Highlighted Projects
Century Theatre Downtown Commons in Sacramento, CA
Brenden Theatre in Vacaville, CA
Cinemark XD in Fremont, CA
Edwards Theatre in Fairfield, CA
Studio Movie Grill in Rocklin, CA
Century Theatre Downtown Commons in Sacramento, CA
Brenden Theatre in Vacaville, CA
Cinemark XD in Fremont, CA
Edwards Theatre in Fairfield, CA
Studio Movie Grill in Rocklin, CA

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/services

Project Management
Our Qualified Team is Ready to Lead Your Job to Success
Your Barnum and Celillo Project Manager has the experience and the drive to handle all of your needs. Whether your project was designed in-house by BCE, or created by outside engineers, we will take full ownership of your electrical system. The years of experience and depth of knowledge our team can provide will help guide your project, while maintaining an unwavering commitment to your success.
Building Better Together.
As your single point of contact, your project manager will streamline communications between the office, field, and other trades, always keeping your schedule and budget in the forefront. Once we receive your plans, our team immediately begins gaining an intimate knowledge of the complete project. From start to finish, your designated BCE project manager will maintain detailed knowledge of job progress, and has the horsepower to handle your unique needs. We are not complete until our clients are satisfied!
Our team of professionals are truly the best in the business. You will find yourself asking, “How can I do a project without the Barnum and Celillo Team?” From conception to completion, you deserve to have the best.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/about-bce

About BCE
Get to Know BCE
From conception to completion, BCE delivers with pride, with integrity, and with the highest standards of quality and performance.
Our efficient design process, driven by cutting-edge technology and top-flight engineering, ensures quick, innovative, and cost-effective solutions. Behind the scenes, our professional office staff manages an automated purchasing system, maintains long-standing relationships, and guarantees exceptional quality construction. With decades of committed relationships, a large labor pool of qualified electricians, and skilled support staff, BCE efficiently handles projects of any size with a commitment to accuracy and effectiveness.
Our seasoned team starts with an automated state-of-the-art estimating system. Bids are consistently competitive and thorough. No holes. No surprises. Expect immediate response to needs for additional pricing.
Smart, Efficient Design.
Why do companies consistently turn to BCE for their most important projects?
Complete and Competitive Bids.
Our top-flight design and engineering staff uses cutting-edge technology to provide you with innovative and cost-effective solutions. BCE’s long-tenured professionals turn projects around quickly. We meet deadlines and deliver a complete project.
Exceptional Quality Construction. Hassle-Free.
Our relationships and manpower are the resources that matter. With decades of committed relationships with our distributors and manufacturers, we can expedite the submittal and procurement process, without sacrificing accuracy. We have one of the largest labor pools of highly qualified electricians on the west coast, and enough skilled support staff to handle a project of any size. Regardless of the demands of the job, BCE will rise to the occasion.
BCE puts highly skilled professionals in the field on every project. Professionals who are always accessible and available when you need them, right up to the senior managers of the company. In fact, you are assured senior level involvement throughout the construction process. BCE is known for its meticulous attention to detail. Our excellent relations with city and county inspectors combined with our high standards allow us to help clients get through inspections smoothly and effectively.
Attention to Detail Behind the Scenes.
Our professional office staff is courteous and customer-focused, with a reputation for accurate and reliable service. You benefit from our long-standing relationships with manufacturers and distributors. And our automated purchasing system is managed by experienced staff who know how to locate and expedite the toughest orders.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/philosophy

The BCE Philosophy
The Values That Drive BCE
Fred Barnum and Paul Celillo built BCE with the intent of becoming one of the premier electrical contractors in the industry. BCE was founded on their three core principles: integrity, dedication and craftsmanship. We believe that our success cannot be measured by simply looking at a financial statement; it will be measured by the success of our most valued assets; our clients, our team members, our community and the environment we live in.
Clients:
The success of our clients has allowed us to grow from a concept between friends to one of the largest electrical contractors in the western United States. Our clients have come to rely on the commitment and stability we provide them, enabling us to not only retain, but to add to our client base even through the most challenging of economic times. Whether it is designing a million square foot ecommerce distribution facility, or simply changing a couple of light fixtures, you can rest assured that Barnum and Celillo Electric will provide you with unwavering dedication and unparalleled integrity.
Team Members:
Enhancement of our team members’ personal and professional lives represents the heart and soul of this company. This family environment created by our founders has fostered an atmosphere of pride within the company. This pride translates into a level of craftsmanship of the highest standard. Each member of the BCE team strives to ensure that our core values are at the forefront of our work. Our entire field staff are either California State Certified journeymen or are currently enrolled in a State-approved training program. Our team members development never stops; we are continually refining our craft by staying on the forefront of technology and latest code revisions. We are qualified, motivated and ready for any challenge.
Community:
Giving back to the community is not seen as an obligation but rather an opportunity. Through our years of success, we have partnered with many nonprofit organizations. Please take a moment to look at our Community page for a small sampling of some great organizations we have paired with.
Environment:
Barnum and Celillo Electric is committed to being innovators in preserving the environment. We were one of the first facilities in Sacramento to take part in a pilot recycling program for businesses. The success of this program has grown into a practice that has been used county-wide for decades. We further our responsibility to the environment by recycling the material from our job sites, and assuring all materials are disposed in a responsible manner. Our Advanced Energy Department is one of the leading installers of solar power throughout the state of California, providing over 500 megawatts of photovoltaic solar power to the end user. BCE continues to push the envelope by implementing the latest technology, maximizing the efficiency of alternative energy solutions and power management.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/insurance-and-bonding

Insurance And Bonding
Start to Finish, You Can Rely on BCE
In today’s operating environment, insurability and bonding capacity has become a leading factor when selecting a contractor. Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. takes the guesswork out of this decision.
Our insurance limits typically exceed owners’, contractor and industry requirements. Our staff is well-versed on all insurance industry standards and will accommodate all of your specific needs.
Our bonding capability is at the top of the industry. Due to our financial strength, stability and industry experience, we enjoy the benefits of providing our clients with the lowest bonding rates.
Here’s What They Are Saying
EPIC
“EPIC works with many contracting business in Northern California. We see what it takes to be a top level performer over the long term in the construction industry. We have been the insurance brokers for BCE for over 20 years. During that time we have watched them prosper in all types of market cycles. They are a “values” driven organization with superior leadership. Everyone talks about their values, but BCE lives them every day. They set high standards for their employees and partner companies. They then provide them with the support they need to perform at the highest level.
We are proud to be associated with BCE and Fred Barnum.”
-Curtis J. Perata
Matranga Bonds & Insurance Services
“Matranga Bonds and Insurance Services has been proud to represent such a quality company as Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. for the past two decades. Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. approaches every job, no matter the size with professionalism, quality work and care. As your Surety, we are confident that when your company requests a bond to perform electrical work on a project, our expectations are always met. Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. can be trusted for their outstanding performance for their clients.”
-Stanely J. Matranga

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/community

Community Engagement
BCE Gives Back
At BCE we understand the importance of giving back to our community and proudly support many worthwhile charities and organizations. The following is a partial list of the charities we proudly support.
Children’s Receiving Home of Sacramento
Children’s Miracle Network
WEAVE, Inc.
Rebuilding Together Sacramento
Christmas Promise Sacramento
Sacramento Area Emergency Housing Center (Next Move)
Wounded Warrior Project
Make-a-Wish Foundation
Wayfinder Family Services
Tunnels to Towers
UC Davis

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/safety

Safety
Safety Starts and Ends with BCE
In today’s fast-paced construction industry, you need to partner with a company that puts safety first.
Our commitment to maintaining a safe working environment for our team members is unmatched. From our Daily Site Safety Inspections to our Tailgate Safety Meetings, you are assured that the BCE team is always working towards creating and maintaining a safe working environment.
We Never Take a Break From Safety
Training
Our hands-on training program ensures that your project will be staffed with well-trained and highly-skilled electricians.
Our journeymen electricians are state-certified and our apprentices are enrolled in a state-certified apprenticeship program and/ or an electrical training program. And we don’t stop there. At BCE, our continuing education program is second to none. Our team members not only receive code training but also training in the latest technological advancements such as Green Energy Solutions.
Well-trained and prepared.
Example Team Member Training
OSHA 10
OSHA 30
Equipment training and certification
Fall protection
CPR
First Aid

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/project-management

Project Management
Our Qualified Team is Ready to Lead Your Job to Success
Your Barnum and Celillo Project Manager has the experience and the drive to handle all of your needs. Whether your project was designed in-house by BCE, or created by outside engineers, we will take full ownership of your electrical system. The years of experience and depth of knowledge our team can provide will help guide your project, while maintaining an unwavering commitment to your success.
Building Better Together.
As your single point of contact, your project manager will streamline communications between the office, field, and other trades, always keeping your schedule and budget in the forefront. Once we receive your plans, our team immediately begins gaining an intimate knowledge of the complete project. From start to finish, your designated BCE project manager will maintain detailed knowledge of job progress, and has the horsepower to handle your unique needs. We are not complete until our clients are satisfied!
Our team of professionals are truly the best in the business. You will find yourself asking, “How can I do a project without the Barnum and Celillo Team?” From conception to completion, you deserve to have the best.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/design-build-electrical-contractor

Design Build
TRUE Design-Build...
We are a true design-build electrical contractor. From the conception of a project, BCE takes a hands-on approach by gaining an intimate knowledge of requirements and a thorough understanding of the appropriate construction methods. From this initial information, we will create a comprehensive and detailed estimate. With this, and input from the project team, BCE staff uses cutting-edge technology to provide you with the most comprehensive and cost-effective electrical design possible.
Full Service Team
Once the project has been designed and budgeted, it is passed to your BCE project manager who works in tandem with the design-build estimator. This will ensure a seamless transition with not only a commitment to the budget but an understanding of the project’s schedule and specific needs. You can rest assured that the BCE project management team will continue this high level of hands-on commitment throughout the duration of your project, resulting in its successful completion.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/advanced-energy-solutions-solar-and-wind

Solar And Wind
Advanced Energy Solutions: Solar and Wind
Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. is dedicated to assisting our existing and future clients with achieving aggressive energy conservation, efficiency, and use of alternative energy sources. We can offer the right size solar system so that your facilities operate as efficiently as possible. Our goal is to help stabilize facility operation costs over the long haul through control of energy consumption. We design, promote, construct and install all of our installations. Additionally, we act as consultants so our clients get the best technology for their particular application.
Advanced Energy Solutions
The sun is our world’s most plentiful energy resource and presents the greatest opportunity for meeting the power needs of the human race in a clean and renewable way. The sun shines brightest when energy is needed most and it can be predicted with some regularity. We use the most efficient technologies available in the marketplace to maximize the system performance.
Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. has the capability to be your complete system integrator. We will handle all of the applications for your state incentives and building permitting. During preliminary discussions, we will determine the best site location for the solar system. There are three main choices to consider; ground mounted, building rack mounted, or building integrated. If the roof is structurally strong enough, conventional Si PV cells could be installed. If not, lighter thin film PV cells can be installed.
Because of our extensive experience in commercial electrical construction from conception to completion, we excel at system optimization and integration. The design and execution of the electricity delivery system from the solar system to the utility integration is critical and what we do best. Let us show you how to save money on your energy consumption. Contact solar@bceus.com for more information.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/lighting-maintenance

Lighting Maintenance
What You Need, When You Need It.
BCE has a proven track record of providing customized lighting maintenance services that meet the needs of our clients. Whether it’s a single building on a small site or a 100-acre retail center, you will get the same high-quality attention to detail and service. Our innovative system of site-mapping and light fixture indexing, coupled with night-time audits, ensure that your site is consistently operating at peak performance, for a safe, well-maintained and appealing property.
Our Contract Services Include:
Dedicated account representative to provide seamless coordination.
Dedicated account electrician assigned to your site.
Industry leading organization and management.
State-of-the-art dispatching / scheduling software. All vehicles are equipped with GPS tracking.
Simple contract execution.
Creating professional AutoCAD site drawings prepared by our in-house engineering department.
Light fixture indexing and details.
Light fixture numbering.
Monthly night audits, inspections and surveys in a company marked vehicle.
Maintenance, service tracking logs and reports.
Scheduling management ensuring your site is not forgotten or overlooked. Guaranteed.
Prompt itemized monthly invoicing.
Quality parts with a one-year warranty.
Site Services Include:
Our professional employees are:
Uniformed and arrive in a marked company vehicle.
California State Certified Electricians
Continually trained on the latest advancements in lighting and energy management.
Our Fleet of High-Reach Equipment is:
Fully stocked to accommodate immediate and scheduled needs – eliminating the need for multiple trips to complete the repairs.
Equipped with a wifi enabled lap-top to provide seamless communication and documentation.
The right piece of equipment to accommodate your site-specific needs.
Example Additional Services:
Light standard pressure washing.
Light standard pole repairs and painting.
Energy evaluations and Green Lighting solutions.
Site lighting controls and upgrades.
Sign maintenance and repairs.
Site lighting additions and upgrades.
Concrete base repairs and replacements.
24/7 Emergency services.
As part of the BCE network you can be assured that you have the buying power of one of the largest electrical contractors in the western United States. We will consistently strive to decrease your costs while providing you with the most comprehensive and worry-free maintenance plan on the market.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/multi-family

Multi-Family
Defining Integration
Integrating the electrical components of multi-use buildings, residential and commercial, is just one step of the process. At BCE, you will not only get seamless integration of the electrical system, but seamless integration of all the building systems.
At BCE, we make the most complex systems simple.
Engineering and Design Services
Utility Coordination and Design
Autodesk Revit (3D & 4D Modeling)
BIM (Building Information Modeling)
AutoCAD (Computer Aided Design)
Title 24 Calculations and Documentation
Seismic Study
Arc Flash Study and Analysis
Electrical Services
Commercial Electrical
Residential Electrical
Utility Structures and Cabling
Solar System and Structures
Green solutions
Emergency Generators, ATS and Inverters
Energy Management
System Integration
Fleet and Single User EV Chargers
Battery Storage Systems and Integration
Building Automation
Fire Alarm Systems
Microgrid Design and Installation
Low Voltage Services
Fire Alarm
Security and CCTV Systems
Card Access
Voice/Data
Network and Structured Cabling
Telephone Entry
Life Safety
CATV (Cable TV)
Nurse Call
Assistive Listening
Emergency Responder
Area of Refuge
System integration
Types of Construction
Subterranean Parking
Podium Construction
Slab on Grade – Wood Structure
Slab on Grade – Steel and Concrete Structure
Poured in Place
Post-Tension Decks
Providing Seamless Integrations.
As part of the BCE network you will have the depth of experience and buying power of one of the largest electrical contractors in the western United States. We will consistently strive to decrease your costs while providing you with seamless integration of all your electrical and low-voltage needs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/service

Service
What You Need, When You Need It
As part of the BCE network, you have the buying power of one of the largest electrical contractors in the western United States. We will consistently strive to decrease your costs while providing you with the most comprehensive and worry free service on the market.
Guarantee to Our Customers
The BCE Service Department is ready to respond. We have a fully trained staff available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to get you back on-line. BCE customers are fully informed of each step necessary to complete the services needed. We guarantee that we will provide you with:
Dedicated account representative to provide seamless coordination.
Dedicated account electrician assigned to your site.
Industry leading organization and management.
State-of-the-art dispatching / scheduling software.
Prompt notification when your project is completed.
All vehicles are equipped with GPS tracking.
A free detailed estimate with fair pricing.
A detailed scope of work, including an anticipated completion time frame.
A professional, uniformed Service Technician, certified by the State of California as a journeyman electrician.
A marked vehicle, well stocked with the right tools and the right materials.
Sample Services
-
Microgrid design and installation
Engineering service for permit process
Electrical Distribution Equipment Upgrades
Adding Dedicated Circuits
Modular Furniture Power and Relocations
Upgrade Motor Controls
Emergency Power Systems (Generator, ATS and Inverters and Battery Storage)
Life Safety Upgrade
Lighting Ballast and Lamp replacement
Light Fixture Upgrades
LED Lighting Retrofits
Lighting Controls and Programming
Energy Audits
Green Energy Solutions
Fleet and Single User EV Chargers
Fire Alarm Systems
-
Moving or adding workstations? Let us manage your voice and data cable lines.
Cable Installation
Cable Terminations
Testing and Certification
In-Rack Uninterruptible Power Systems (UPS)
Cable Tray
Voice/Data Racks
-
BCE can provide annual and semi-annual preventive maintenance service on your electrical equipment.
Solar panels, inverters and other solar equipment.
Pressure washing of solar arrays
Chart Recording
Generator
Load bank
Life Safety Systems
Automatic Transfer Switches (ATS)
Uninterruptible Power Systems (UPS)
Power Distribution Unit (PDU)
Switchgear and Panels
Infrared scanning
Motor Control Centers (MCC)
Testimonials
-
Barnum & Celillo Electric Inc. has been servicing Amazon SJC7 for over 8years, and has upheld a long-lasting, positive, reputation with the company and its associated affiliates. We look forward to maintaining BCE’s professional partnership as we transition into 2025, and years to come.
— Adrian Bravo, Area Maintenance Manager - Amazon and CBRE -
We have done business with BCE over the past 4 years and have received quality work from their team. No job is too big or small for their team to handle and execute. We always know that they will provide us with the best customer service and support from their team. I would highly recommend them for any projects that your company may need in the future. THANK YOU, BCE.
— Manuel Ochoa, Maintenance Manager - The Home Depot -
I have been using Barnum and Celillo Electric for approximately 17 years and they are an amazing company to work with. They are very professional, show up on time and complete all requested work in a timely manner. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a good electrical company.
— Mark Kolodziel, Maintenance Director - Oakmont of Roseville -
With more than a dozen commercial properties in our portfolio, it is critical to be able to count on our vendors. We have had the pleasure of working with the BCE service department on multiple tenant projects as well as on several emergency electrical issues over the past several years. They communicate well, show up as promised, and follow through with top quality work.
— John P. Klein, CPM Property Management - Separovich Domich Real Estate Development -
Great Company!!!
I am very pleased to have a company like Barnum & Celillo Electric as my go to electricians. I have been using them for the past year and one- half. They have always been punctual and professional. The Service Coordinator has been my contact at BCE and I can’t say enough about how well she does her job. She is always looking out for us here at the Terraces of Roseville when it comes to electrical problems in our facility.
— Brian Gibau, Building Service Director - The Terraces of Roseville
-
I have worked with Barnum and Celillo since 11/3/2015 and they have never let me down.
They are an exceptional company to work with and if they say they are going to be there on a certain day, then they are there. If an Emergency comes up and for some reason they cannot make it, then they will contact you immediately.
We work with over 2,000 electrical contractors all over the country and they are great to work with, very knowledgeable and a great service partner.
The people that work in the office and out in the field are very friendly and knowledgeable.
On a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the highest; I would rate them a 10.
— Mike Werner, Werner National LLC
Full Spectrum of Electrical Work
The BCE Service Department performs, from the smallest job to the largest job. Electrical, voice and data, motor controls, generators, UPS power, gas service pipe installation, photovoltaic (solar) installation; small, medium or large jobs. What you need, when you need it. Contact us for more information on our service and maintenance capabilities.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/microgrid-solutions

Microgrid Solutions
BCE Comprehensive Microgrid Solutions
A microgrid is a localized energy system that can operate independently or in conjunction with the main power grid. See below to learn how a microgrid can achieve your goals.
Lowering Carbon Footprint and Energy Costs
Renewable Energy Integration: Microgrids can incorporate renewable energy sources like solar panels, wind turbines, fuel cells, linear generators, cogeneration, and battery storage. This reduces reliance on fossil fuels, significantly lowering the site’s carbon footprint.
Energy Efficiency: By optimizing energy use and reducing waste, microgrids can lower overall energy costs. Advanced energy management systems ensure that energy is used efficiently.
Power When You Need It
Resilience to Power Outages: Microgrids can operate independently from the main grid, providing a reliable power supply during outages. This ensures continuous operation of critical systems.
Backup Power: With integrated energy storage solutions and generation assets, microgrids can provide backup power, enhancing energy reliability.
Reducing Revenue Loss and Production Downtime
Continuous Operations: By maintaining power during grid outages, microgrids prevent revenue loss and production downtime. This is crucial for industries where even short interruptions can be costly.
Improved Stability: Microgrids enhance the stability of the local energy supply, reducing the risk of unexpected downtimes.
Future-Proofing with Smart Technologies
Smart Building Technology: Microgrids can integrate with smart building systems to optimize energy use, enhance comfort, and reduce costs.
Virtual Power Plants: By aggregating multiple microgrids, virtual power plants can provide additional grid services and enhance overall energy management. Tying your microgrid to a VPP program can add additional revenue to your microgrid.
EV Charging: Microgrids can support electric vehicle (EV) charging infrastructure, promoting the use of clean transportation and further reducing carbon emissions. EV charging incorporated into a microgrid can include Vehicle to Grid (V2G) which increases potential revenue of your microgrid.
Financing with No Upfront Cost
Microgrids can be financed through innovative models like Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) and Energy Service Agreements (ESAs), which require no upfront capital from the customer.
Here’s how these models work →
-
Third-Party Ownership: Under a PPA, a third-party developer designs, builds, and maintains the microgrid. The customer agrees to purchase the electricity generated by the microgrid at a predetermined rate. A PPA agreement typically includes guarantees for uptime to the site for the customer.
No Upfront Costs: The customer incurs no initial capital expenditure, as the developer covers all installation and maintenance costs.
Fixed Energy Costs: PPAs often provide fixed or predictable energy costs, protecting the customer from market volatility.
Long-Term Savings: Over the term of the agreement, customers can achieve significant savings compared to traditional energy sources.
-
Performance-Based Payments: In an ESA, the customer pays for the energy services provided by the microgrid, such as energy savings or reliability improvements, rather than the energy itself.
No Capital Investment: Similar to a PPA, the ESA provider covers all upfront costs, including design, installation, and maintenance.
Shared Savings: The customer and the ESA provider share the savings generated by the microgrid, creating a win-win scenario.
Enhanced Flexibility: ESAs can be tailored to meet specific energy needs and goals, offering more flexibility in terms of contract length and service scope.
-
Risk Mitigation: Both models transfer the financial and operational risks to the third-party provider, reducing the customer’s exposure.
Immediate Benefits: Customers can start benefiting from reduced energy costs and improved reliability without waiting for a return on investment.
Sustainability Goals: These agreements support sustainability initiatives by enabling the adoption of renewable energy and reducing carbon emissions without financial barriers. By leveraging PPAs and ESAs, businesses can implement microgrids to enhance energy reliability, reduce costs, and achieve sustainability goals without the need for significant capital investment.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/pre-fab

Pre-Fab
Pre-Fab Division
You might ask “Why does BCE have a Pre-Fab Division and how does it benefit MY firm, MY client, MY project and MY schedule?”
BCE started our Pre-Fab Division in the 1990s with the idea that this division would provide our clients with another level of efficiency. Products are assembled long before they are needed to be on-site, which reduces the on-site labor required to complete the project.
Our Pre-Fab Division has given BCE the ability to decrease project costs and time requirements without sacrificing the high quality and consistency of our installations.
Sample Pre-Fab Products:
Power wall structures
Above slab conduit bending over 1-1/2”
Transformer and panels line and load terminations
Specialty conduit racking (trapeze, conduit support system, etc.)
Branch wiring
Junction boxes
Electrical devices
Light fixture pre-wiring
Custom welding
Temporary power skids
Equipment bollards
Concrete forms
Rebar / reinforcement steel
Custom painting
In our Pre-Fab Division Shop, we can assemble, build or customize just about anything your project needs, which will save you time and money.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/testimonials

Testimonials
Trusted Electrical Contracting with Proven Results
At BCE, we take pride in delivering reliable, high-quality electrical solutions—see what our satisfied clients have to say about our work below.
General Contractors
-
Barnum & Celillo has had a long standing relationship with Big-D Pacific Builders and we consider them one of the leaders in their field as well as one of our well respected subcontractors.
Their attention to detail, follow through and commitment to quality workmanship on our jobs makes them one of the subcontractors we consider on all of our future projects.
— Oscar Yousefi
I have been working with Barnum & Celillo Electric for more than 12 years on a wide range of projects. They have been our electrical contractor of choice on multiple Amazon projects and have performed above expectations on each one of them, They are very proactive in schedule, procurement and reviewing the complete set of design documents for constructability.Additionally they have a field and management team that is very knowledgeable in Amazon requirements, expectations and schedule constraints. They are a valuable asset to making a project successful both on budget and schedule.
I would recommend them without hesitation.
— Greg, VP of Operations
Fred,I would like to take a few moments to let you know how we have come to depend on your company and company teams to achieve our successful projects.
Over the past five and a half years we have worked together on several challenging and time sensitive projects and on all the projects we have met or exceeded the owner or end user’s expectations regardless of the last-minute curve balls thrown our way.
Through my numerous years in the industry your group is as good as I have worked with and look forward to teaming up again with your company. Thank you and your people for the success we have had.
— Larry Doran, Senior Project Manager
-
Working with BCE has been an absolute pleasure. Their professionalism, attention to detail, and commitment to excellence has truly exceeded my expectations. Throughout all of our projects, they have demonstrated exceptional expertise in electrical systems, ensuring seamless integration within our construction projects. Their dedication to delivering on time and within budget has been commendable. I highly recommend BCE to anyone seeking top-notch electrical services for their construction endeavors.
— Marcus Perea
-
Oltmans Construction Co. negotiated and contracted Barnum and Celillo Electric Inc. (BCE) for the Amazon SCK3 project located in Manteca CA in late 2020. Although BCE was not under contract for the shell scope of the project, there was no doubt they were the preferred subcontractor leading into the Amazon tenant buildout. During the course of the project, BCE was not only critical completing the Amazon tenant buildout on schedule, but was equally essential tackling a multitude of issues. For example, early during the pre-construction phase, BCE performed a complete assessment and helped redesign the warehouse lighting in conjunction with the project engineering team, both increasing efficiency while reducing costs. With their continued engineering assistance, a more cost-effective and time saving approach for the one-line distribution of the new service was provided to the existing shell.
Throughout the project, BCE exhibited an extremely high level of professionalism and proficiency. One of the largest challenges of the project was coordinating with PG&E to provide power. Through this process BCE designed, permitted and put into action a temporary power plan that included the use of six (6) individual generator units. This quick call to action allowed Amazon to not only occupy the facility but also be fully functional as PG&E worked through the final power restrictions.
Barnum and Celillo Electric, Inc. has continually proven to Oltmans Construction Co. to be a valuable partner we can trust and rely on.
— Joshua Boswell
-
For over ten years we have had the opportunity to work with BCE on numerous projects that vary in size, complexity, and scope. The team at BCE adds value during all phases of the project life cycle – from the very early conceptual/design phases, through preconstruction, and during and after construction. BCE knows their business and they are a true team player with all involved, including Owners, Consultants, and other Contractors. We look forward to many more projects in the future.
— Brian Andrew, Division President - Northern California
-
Brown Construction has worked with Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. extensively over the last 16 years on numerous successful projects including commercial and retail developments, and most recently a wide range of multifamily housing projects.
Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. consistently proves itself to be a fast, efficient and cooperative electrical contractor. They are a real team player who takes ownership of project deadlines and budgets and works closely with us to meet them,
Brown Construction, Inc. can depend on Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. to consistently deliver quality work in an efficient manner, and would highly recommend them as an electrical contractor.
— Matt DeFazio
Upon completion of a 133,500 SF licensed residential care facility in Roseville, CA. I could not be more impressed with the work of Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. team. The professionalism and attention to detail was apparent throughout the two-year project. Every task was met with constant effort to problem solve and meet the needs of Brown Construction, Inc. and the client. Field crews were well coordinated and prepared for success daily, which helped keep the project under budget and delivered before the contracted turnover date.
— Brad Gebhart, Project Manager
I’ve been working with Gary Martin and Barnum & Celillo Electric (BCE) for over 20 years on commercial, industrial, and multifamily projects and we’ve developed a very strong working relationship. Most of the work we do with BCE is design-assistelectrical. Gary Martin/Their staff get heavily involved in each project from design through close-out. BCE is always highly knowledgeable and professional, and they reliably get their scope of work done well and on schedule.— Dan Kowaleski, Senior Project Manager
Brown Construction has been working with Barnum & Celillo Electric (BCE) for more than a decade on some of our most complex multifamily projects. Gary Martin/BCE is the best I know for design-build and design-assist electrical. Their staff’s understanding of code and electrical and low voltage systems allows them to consistently deliver the most competitive designs.— Kelly Hassian, Chief Estimator
-
I have worked with Barnum & Celillo for many years and can speak very highly of them. Their success speaks to the character of Fred Barnum – and to the leadership and commitment to his people that he provides. Fred surrounds himself with great people and these people provide the professionalism, commitment and performance that is Barnum & Celillo. They have the ability to provide both the design and the construction of a vast array of electrical projects. They have never let us down.
— James Tilton -
BCE has performed well for us on various types of E-Commerce , industrial , and tenant
improvement projects in California. They are well suited in design build services, design assist and electrical service installations on high demand projects. We have had the fortune of working
together for the past 7 + years and consider BCE as an instrumental partner in our success in working with major developers, tenant’s and Fortune 500 companies. Due to the key market
climate, they have the labor capacity and sought after experience in the manpower force including a solid understanding of the utility companies service requirements that have helped our team provide a turnkey electrical system. BCE’s team of professionals are known for their field planning and strategic coordination during the project, as well as facilitating the general contractor’s schedules and comprehensive testing requirements. Since end dates for many of our clients are firm and don’t shift, timely turnovers to clients such as Amazon is imperative. Thus, we are blessed to partner with BCE on many of these projects to deliver them on schedule and operable. BCE’s
knowledge of electrical systems and power deliverables has attributed to our success over several years and has been a major contribution with our sophisticated clients Power, Branch Service, MHE and IT systems requirements. In summary, we will continue this professional partnership and are assured they will be a strong asset to anyone requiring electrical services in the future. All the best to BCE in its future to deliver electrical power to any business in California.
— John Murray, Senior Vice President -
BCE has been a tremendous source for electrical support to Hansen-Rice for many years. As a nationwide Design-Build General Contractor we constantly look for steady, trustworthy, reliable partners to take on our most dynamic projects. BCE consistently delivers highly competitive, over the top quality work with commendable customer service. We look forward to working with BCE for many years to come.
— Charles Green, Director, GC Operations
-
I've had the pleasure of collaborating with Barnum & Celillo Electric on multiple projects, and I can confidently say they are an indispensable asset to any team. Their dedication to excellence, responsiveness, and solution-oriented approach consistently exceeds my expectations.
In the fast-paced world of construction, having a reliable electrician is paramount. BCE not only meets deadlines but often surpasses them. Proactive communication ensures that any challenges are addressed promptly, minimizing disruptions to the overall project timeline. Apart from an unwavering commitment to finding the best solutions for every situation, BCE approaches each project with a can-do attitude, always willing to go the extra mile to ensure everything is done right the first time. Their attention to detail and precision in their workmanship are truly commendable.
BCE delivers exceptional results. They are not just a subcontractor; they are a valued partner in every sense of the word.
— Hugo Mendoza, Director of Project Management
-
Efficient, reliable, and professional – Barnum and Celillo Electric continues to exceed all our expectations. From start to finish, they delivered exceptional results. Highly recommended!
— Larry Aquino
-
Barnum and Celillo have completed multiple projects for Ascent Builders. They are reliable, friendly, knowledgeable, generous, and always have competitive pricing. We recommend them for any size project you may be considering.
— Gary Tinseth, Planning and Management
-
I have had the pleasure of working with Barnum &Celillo Electric on several major design-build projects. Their level of expertise in design is unsurpassed and the professionalism of the project management and field teams are excellent. Our clients are invariably complementary of their efforts, as are our superintendents and project managers that interact with their team during the course of the project. They have my highest recommendation.
—Gary Graves, Vice President of Design-Build Services
Owners & Developers
-
I am writing to highly recommend Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. for any electrical contracting projects within your organization. As one of the leading electrical subcontractors for our industrial Amazon projects specifically for Transportation Engineering Services, Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. has consistently demonstrated exceptional skill, dedication, and professionalism.
Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. possesses an unparalleled expertise in electrical systems and installations, ensuring that all aspects of the project are executed to the highest standards of quality and safety. Their meticulous attention to detail and proactive approach to problem-solving have been instrumental in the successful completion of our projects on time and within budget.
Moreover, Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. has consistently exhibited strong communication and collaboration skills, seamlessly coordinating with our team and other subcontractors to ensure smooth workflow and efficient project delivery. Their reliability and commitment to excellence have earned them the respect and trust of everyone involved in our projects.
I have no doubt that Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. will bring the same level of professionalism, expertise, and dedication to any future projects they undertake. It is with great confidence that I recommend Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. for any electrical contracting needs within your organization.
— Amalea, Sr Construction Manager -
BCE has played an integral part of Prologis’ development in the Western States. We count on BCE to assist Prologis in delivering high quality projects to meet the needs of our clientele. BCE provides a hands on approach from day one, ensuring the path forward is one that delivers on time for any project. BCE’s team offers a Design-Build team that is un-paralleled in our industry. They have the knowledge and experience to deliver. We will continue to count on BCE and their team to partner with Prologis and highly recommend them for any Electrical Project.
— Scott Swenson, VP, Development
-
BCE rescued us on a large project with a tight timeline and we have been using them ever since. It is nice to view your subcontractor as a partner that puts your interests and goals first. They have been instrumental in making our buildings versatile to attract a wide variety of tenants.
— Mark Eshelman, Development Partner
-
We had the pleasure of working with BCE and their team on a fast paced, ground up project for Amazon that had a hard deadline. The entire Team at BCE did an amazing job ensuring that the project finished on time for this important client. BCE was hands on from day one, and had forward thinking knowledge and skills that made the difference in the completion of the project. We enjoyed working with BCE and would recommend them for any project.
— Mark Jacob, Director, Construction -
If you are in the market for the Top Notch Electrical Contractor, look no further than Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc.
We have an amazing relationship with BCE spanning some fifteen years, working together on building and designing ground up grocery stores and multiple complex remodels of our existing fleet of stores. An Incredibly talented team of professionals from top to bottom, consistently on time and on budget, honest and fair-minded. My favorite attribute about this company is that we can count on them when we need them most, this team is always– even in the most difficult of situations- willing to go the extra mile to do whatever it takes to get the job at hand done.
I whole heartedly and highly recommend this team for your next electrical project!
— Ross E Wasson, Manager of Electrical Systems
-
Confidence, Competence and Trust describe Fred Barnum and his company – Barnum and Celillo Electric. Recently, BCE successfully completed a mid football/soccer season field lighting project for Placer Union High School District in Auburn, CA. For this high profile, tight schedule, fixed budget project; on-time successful completion was the only option. Fred said it would be done…and it was! Simply put, “I know Fred. He and his firm are the only ones I trusted to deliver this project”. Beyond the quality of their construction, BCE’s significant financial and leadership contributions are the primary reason this community funded project is a success. “Yes”, Fred Barnum is a respected and successful leader, but as demonstrated on this project, BCE’s strength extends well beyond Fred Barnum and is rooted in the individuals that are the BCE team, they are about doing the job right for the right reasons.
— Jeff Patton
-
We have been working alongside BCE for more than 30 years and know first-hand why they are so successful. Their commitment to quality and service set the standard for the industry. When it came time to build our building in 2004 we knew who to call. Since then Fred and his team have designed, installed and serviced our electrical needs with the expertise we’ve grown to expect. Whether routine maintenance, wiring a new plasma cutter or managing our expansion BCE has the qualities we count on to get the work designed, permitted, installed and completed on budget and on schedule. There are very few companies we are comfortable recommending BCE is on the top of that very short list.
— Jeff Rovegno
National Solar & BESS Developers
-
Barnum Celillo Electric has been a trusted partner to DSD Renewables for several years, consistently delivering high-quality solar installations at fair pricing. Their reliability and expertise have strengthened our collaboration over time. With the trust we've built, DSD is now looking to BCE as an EPC partner for future projects. We appreciate their commitment to excellence and highly recommend them for their professionalism, quality workmanship, and dedication to project success.
— Nick Gagne, Director of National Construction
Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. is one of DSD Renewable’s most trusted and valued partners in the West. We greatly appreciate their comprehensive project offerings, which include MV, tracking, flat roof, and canopy installations. Moreover, BCE adds exceptional value by providing completion and troubleshooting services for projects initiated by other parties. Their ability to support and enhance our operations strengthens our partnership. With their significant size and extensive experience in the market, BCE remains an indispensable partner that we confidently rely on.
—Sarah Gorey, Sr. Manager Communications -
BCE is one of our preferred installation partners. They consistently produce quality work and we've learned to turn to them with our most challenging projects. Their problem-solving skills in the field are unparalleled. Among many successful projects together over the past 5 years, we recently completed a 1.6 MW/1112 kWh solar and battery system in Tracy, CA.
— Kelly Charles
Barnum & Celillo Electric continues to be a great partner for our company. Their dedication to unparalleled quality, safety, and professionalism makes them truly unique. We can depend on BCE to stand behind their work, and we benefit from their wide breadth of experience when determining solutions to complex electrical systems. In the past, we have relied on BCE to help resolve concerns we have encountered, regardless of whether they were the original electrician. We look forward to many more years of working with this exceptional company.— Alyssa Oliva, Sr. Project Manager - Power Projects
Vendors
-
I have been doing business with Fred for the past 15 years. Their commitment to their clients and vendors is unmatched in our industry today. They seem to continually try to improve what they already do very well. Their integrity is beyond reproach, and it’s a pleasure to do business with them.
— David Myers -
I have been doing business with Barnum & Celillo Electric since 1994, and their phenomenal growth is a result of the honesty and professionalism that Fred and all of their employees exemplify. These same qualities have not diminished as they have grown, and are sure to guarantee their future success.
— Rex Hamilton
-
Wesco has been a supplier to Barnum and Celillo Electric for many years. Fred Barnum and his team have always been fair, forthright, and professional to deal with. There is always the understanding that Barnum and Celillo’s mission is to provide the best value possible for their clients; they work hard on fulfilling that mission every day. Wesco is very appreciative of the relationship it shares with Barnum and Cellilo Electric.
— Gregory Langehaug
-
Barnum and Celillo Electric has been a customer of mine for over 20 years.
In this time we have done ten’s of millions of dollars in project and commodity work.
We have never had any issues financially or professionally, they have always been an exemplary
customer with the utmost confidence and capabilities.
The BCE team is smart, assertive and creative when necessary, my job would be much easier if I had 10
more customers just like them.
I am proud to call Fred Barnum and his team my customers, and friends.
— Mitch Carew
-
Fred Barnum & BCE have been a household name for me ever since I was little and it is now an honor and absolute pleasure working together and I would like to thank them for their support over the many years.
Their team consistently demonstrates professionalism, dedication, and a commitment to excellence in every project they undertake. Whether tackling large-scale challenges or focusing on the finer details, BCE approaches their work with care, integrity, and a strong focus on delivering value to their clients.
The quality of their work and their ability to foster collaborative relationships make them a trusted partner. I am confident in their ability to exceed expectations and deliver results that have a lasting impact. I look forward to continuing our partnership and would recommend them to anyone seeking a reliable and exceptional partner.
— Leslie Kelly
Business Partners
-
EPIC works with many contracting business in Northern California. We see what it takes to be a top level performer over the long term in the construction industry. We have been the insurance brokers for BCE for over 20 years. During that time we have watched them prosper in all types of market cycles. They are a “values” driven organization with superior leadership. Everyone talks about their values, but BCE lives them every day. They set high standards for their employees and partner companies. They then provide them with the support they need to perform at the highest level.
We are proud to be associated with BCE and Fred Barnum.
— Curtis J. Perata -
Matranga Bonds and Insurance Services has been proud to represent such a quality company as Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. for the past two decades. Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. approaches every job, no matter the size with professionalism, quality work and care. As your Surety, we are confident that when your company requests a bond to perform electrical work on a project, our expectations are always met. Barnum & Celillo Electric, Inc. can be trusted for their outstanding performance for their clients.
— Stanley J. Matranga -
Barnum & Celillo Electric is exactly the type of client American River Bank loves to do business with as we share so many of the same values – high service standards, a drive for profitable growth and a mandate to give back generously in the community. I would recommend BCE as a partner to anyone.
— David Taber
-
BFBA, LLP has provided accounting and consulting services to BCE for approximately 30 years. During this time we have worked very closely with Fred Barnum and much of his senior management. We have learned that many companies can perform well in a growing and dynamic economy. However, it is when things get tough that the true character of a company and its owner are revealed. During these last six years when the construction industry has been hard hit we have seen in Fred and his team a sense of purpose and direction and a commitment to integrity and excellence. BCE has not only survived this difficult economy but has thrived and expanded into new markets and services.
Fred has fostered within his company a culture of team work and cooperation as well as a sense of commitment to customers which has made BCE one of the area’s top performing companies.
In addition to being a highly successful businessman, as we have Participated in the Christmas Promise Organization with BCE, we have seen in Fred a true sense of devotion and a sincere caring for some of the areas less fortunate families. Fred has certainly put his time and money where his mouth is.
That is our testimonial Fred and we are sticking to it.
Craig, Myles and others who know and respect you here at BFBA.
— Craig Boyce
-
River City Bank has enjoyed a mutually beneficial relationship with Barnum and Celillo Electric since 2017. We have been so impressed with Fred, who is a true entrepreneur – lots of energy and always looking for new opportunities. He has been a pleasure to work with given his effective management style and excellent communication skills. Also, BCE’s strong commitment to having a healthy and vibrant community mirrors our philosophy and we look forward to continuing this partnership for many years.
— Stephen Fleming, President and CEO of River City Bank

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/careers

Careers
Opportunities at BCE
BCE offers work in an exciting field, with great colleagues and opportunity for motivated employees to advance professionally and to master a craft in a team environment. If such an opportunity interests you, or may interest you in the future, please contact our office to learn more about working with BCE.
Notice to applicants and employees:
Screening tests for alcohol and illegal drug use may be required before hiring and during your employment here.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/contact

Contact BCE
Contact us for information, proposals, bids, applications and references.
BCE Barnum & Celillo Electric
Toll Free: (855) 250-6409
Fax: (916) 646-0619
Corporate Headquarters: 135 Main Avenue Sacramento, CA 95838
Southern California Office: 10641 Fulton Court Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730
24 hour Service emergency number (855) 250-6409
California license number 599724, Class C-10, C61/D56, C46
Nevada license number 0060487, Class C-2
Fred Barnum, President
fred@bceus.com
(916) 646-4661
Information (for general purposes): info@bceus.com
Employment Opportunities: jobs@bceus.com
Accounting: accounting@bceus.com
Lighting Maintenance: slm@bceus.com
Estimating: estimating@bceus.com
Service Department: service@bceus.com
Solar and Wind: solar@bceus.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/distribution

Distribution Facilities
Highlighted Projects
Airbourne Express—40,000 square foot facility in Stockton, CA
Amazon DCA2—1,033,298 square foot pantry/cold storage facility in Eastvale, CA
Amazon DFA9—202,236 square foot facility in Dublin, CA
Amazon DSJ5—251,836 square foot Last Mile facility in Fresno, CA
Amazon DSJ7—77,460 square foot delivery station in San Jose, CA
Amazon HSF6—602,516 square foot facility in Sacramento, CA
Amazon MCE1—1,079,741 square foot facility in Turlock, CA
Amazon OAK4—2,772,369 square foot fulfillment facility in Tracy, CA
Amazon OAK5 Linear Sorter—512,720 square foot facility in Newark, CA
Amazon OAK6—236,000 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
Amazon SAC5—500,770 square foot facility in Sacramento, CA
Amazon SAX6—412,888 square foot SSD facility in Simi Valley, CA
Amazon SCA4—141,027 square foot SSD Facility in San Diego, CA
Amazon SCA5—150,220 square foot facility in Sacramento, CA
Amazon SCK1—1,116,049 square foot facility in Stockton, CA
Amazon SCK3—746,790 square foot facility in Manteca, CA
Amazon SJC7—1,001,378 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
Amazon SMF1—2,396,859 square foot fulfillment facility in Sacramento, CA
Amazon SMF3—615,440 square foot facility in Stockton, CA
Amazon SMF5—321,993 square foot facility in Vacaville, CA
Amazon SMF5 Phase 2—Full building backup power for 321,933 square foot facility in Vacaville, CA
Amazon SMF6—1,028,996 square foot facility in Sacramento, CA
Amazon SNA6 Remodel—Remodel of existing facility in Eastvale, CA
Amazon TCY5—1,061,207 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
Amazon TCY9—Monitron Power Drops in Oakley, CA
Amazon XIX6—400,000 square foot facility in Fontana, CA
AMS—250,000 square foot facility in Sacramento, CA
Aramark Uniform Services—250,000 square foot facility in Sacramento, CA
Bay Area Commerce Center—129,000 square foot facility in Livermore, CA
Best Buy—641,000 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
Bimbo Bakery—117,000 square foot facility in Elk Grove, CA
Blue Diamond Growers in McClellan, CA
Caterair Airline Food Service Vendor at San Jose Airport in CA
Centerpoint 5.11—404,000 square foot facility in Manteca, CA
Compucom Computers—150,000 square foot facility in Stockton, CA
Crate & Barrel—1,200,000 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
Crystal Bottled Water Addition—5,000 square foot addition
Crystal Bottled Water—20,000 square foot bottling facility in Sacramento, CA
DCG—598,000 square foot fulfillment center in Lathrop, CA
Federal Express—50 acre facility in West Sacramento, CA
Fresh & Easy—950,000 square foot facility in Stockton, CA
Gold Star Foods—Refrigerated Distribution facility in Dixon, CA
Guittard Chocolate Distribution Center in Fairfield, CA
Hewlett Packard—835,000 square foot facility in Roseville, CA
Home Depot Distribution Center in Tracy, CA
Hunter Douglas—150,000 square foot facility in Stockton CA
International Park of Commerce Buildings 3 & 4—534,000 square foot facilities in Tracy, CA
International Park of Commerce Building 9—640,000 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
International Park of Commerce Building 14—1,025,000 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
International Park of Commerce Building 16—1,831,000 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
IPT Pescadero—462,000 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
IPT Piercy—156,000 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
JacMar Foods—156,000 square foot facility in San Jose, CA
JacMar Foods Distribution in West Sacramento, CA
Macy’s / Bloomingdale’s—455,000 square foot fulfillment center in Lathrop, CA
Metro Airpark—857,000 square foot facility in Sacramento, CA
Michael’s—925,000 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
Mondovi Distribution Facility in Lodi, CA
Napa Logistics Park—702,000 square foot facility in American Canyon, CA
NEI 17—558,000 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
OMP Murphy Parkway—118,000 square foot facility in Lathrop, CA
Opus Logistics Building #3 in Stockton, CA
Opus Logistics Building #8 in Stockton, CA
Palmdale Distribution Center—1,046,064 square foot Multi-Temp/Freezer distribution facility in Palmdale, CA
Pepsico—115,000 square foot facility in Stockton, CA
PG&E Pipe Yard LED Site Lighting in Stockton, CA
Preferred Freezer in San Leandro, CA
Prologis Hawk—404,000 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
Project Hornet—1,080,000 square foot facility in Turlock, CA
Project Laurie—551,000 square foot facility in Manteca, CA
Project Shelby—1,333,000 square foot facility in Sacramento, CA
Raley’s Corporation—135,000 square foot facility in West Sacramento, CA
San Leandro Commerce Center—318,000 square foot facility in San Leandro, CA
SSA Building 18 & Tenant Improvements—310,000 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
Target Regional Distribution Center—1,723,150 square foot facility in Woodland, CA
Thermo Fisher—222,000 square foot facility in Tracy, CA
U.S. Rents—135,000 square foot facility in Sacramento, CA
United Natural Foods Expansion in Rocklin, CA
United Natural Foods—455,000 square foot facility in Rocklin, CA
United Stationers—250,000 square foot factory in Sacramento, CA
Versa Cold in Modesto, CA
Westcore Kato—302,000 square foot facility in Fremont, CA
Zytech – Phase I. and II—75,000 square foot distributing facility

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/alternative-energy

Alternative Energy
Highlighted Projects
21 Solar Installations for Fortune 500 Retailer in the Greater Los Angeles (6.0MW)
ABC (Applied Behavioral Consultants) School in Sacramento, CA
Aerojet / SMUD Solar in Rancho Cordova, CA (15MW)
Aerospace Museum Solar in McClellan, CA (178KW)
Alexandria Real Estate East, West, and Garage in San Carlos, CA (1.1MW)
Amazon in Stockton, CA (1.08MW)
Bar Ale Feed in Williams, CA (350KW)
Bayer in Woodland, CA (2.7MW)
Bercut Water Treatment Plant Solar in Sacramento, CA (372KW)
Bishop Ranch 2600 in San Ramon, CA (1.25MW)
Bishop Ranch Building 9S in San Ramon, CA (418KW)
Bishop Ranch Buildings O, P and Q in San Ramon, CA (3.3MW)
Body Shop Lighting in San Rafael, CA
Body Shop Solar in San Rafael, CA (60KW)
Bus Wash in San Rafael, CA (53KW)
Catholic Healthcare West in Elk Grove, CA (200KW)
Cerritos Mall Solar in Cerritos, CA (760KW)
Chico Corp Yard Solar in Chico, CA (87KW)
Chico USD Chapman Elem in Chico, CA (120KW)
Chico USD in Chico, CA (514KW)
Chico USD Marsh in Chico, CA (316KW)
Chico USD Pleasant Valley in Chico, CA (610KW)
City of Sacramento Corporate Yard in Sacramento, CA (800KW)
City of Sacramento PD in Sacramento, CA (431KW)
Cosumnes River College Parking Garage in Sacramento, CA (291KW)
Davis USD Solar in Davis, CA (233KW)
DDRC Long Beach in Long Beach, CA (103KW)
DDRC Long Beach in Long Beach, CA (135KW)
DDRC Pasadena Solar in Pasadena, CA (65KW)
DDRC Pasadena Solar in Pasadena, CA (158KW)
EBMUD South Shore Water Treatment Plant in Wallace, CA (176KW)
EBMUD South Shore WW Ponds in Ione, CA (50KW)
EBMUD South Shore WW Ponds in Wallace, CA (54KW)
ELS in Oregon House, CA (849KW)
ELS in Morgan Hill, CA (235KW)
EMCI in Rocklin, CA (7KW)
FedEx SFOA in San Francisco, CA
FedEx SQLA in South San Francisco, CA
FedEx in Tracy, CA (310KW)
Firebaugh USD Hazel Elementary in Firebaugh, CA (160KW)
Firebaugh USD High School in Firebaugh, CA (521KW)
Firebaugh USD Middle School in Firebaugh, CA (230KW)
Firebaugh WTP Solar in Sacramento, CA (1,114KW)
Forever 21 in Perris, CA (1.75MW)
Frank Oxnard School District Solar in Oxnard, CA (388KW)
Green Valley Technical Plaza in Fairfield, CA (865KW)
Guttenberg Residence in Meadow Vista, CA (10KW)
Hale Residence in Auburn, CA (12KW)
Half Moon Bay Schools in Half Moon Bay, CA (512KW)
Hewlett Packard Headquarters in Roseville, CA (1.2MW)
Home Depot in Natomas, CA (476KW)
Home Depot in Rancho Cordova, CA (312KW)
Home Depot in Sacramento, CA (564KW)
Home Depot in West Sacramento (435KW)
IKEA in Lebec, CA (780KW)
IKEA in West Sacramento, CA (1.4MW)
Intel Headquarters in Santa Clara, CA (948KW)
Intel Solar Folsom Campus in Folsom, CA (1,000KW)
Intel Solar Phase II. in Folsom, CA (1,175KW)
Intuit Headquarters in Palo Alto, CA (225KW)
JC Penney in Reno, NV (Wind Turbine)
Kelsey Village in Sacramento, CA (30KW)
Kikkoman in Folsom, CA (Solar Carport/90KW)
Kohl’s in Clovis, CA (300KW)
Kohl’s in Downey, CA (122KW)
Kohl’s in Elk Grove, CA (263KW)
Kohl’s in Redondo Beach, CA (115KW)
Kohl’s in Sonora, CA (225 KW)
Kraft Heinz in Lathrop, CA (1.9MW)
Lakeport Elementary School in Clearlake, CA (70KW)
La Valentina Multi-Family in Sacramento, CA (133KW)
Lake County Waste Water Treatment Plant (522KW)
Los Cerritos Center in Cerritos, CA (860KW)
Lowe’s in Antioch, CA (904KW)
Lowe’s in Chico, CA (1.01MW)
Lowe’s in Folsom, CA (778KW)
Lowe’s in Fresno, CA (797KW)
Lowe’s in Merced, CA (846KW)
Lowe’s in Stockton, CA (690KW)
Lowe’s in West Sacramento, CA (602KW)
Macy’s in Lathrop, CA (254KW)
Majestic Realty in City of Industry, CA (467KW)
Major Retailer in California (10.7MW)
Marley Spoon in Tracy, CA (1.22MW)
Martinez Unified School District in Martinez, CA (60KW)
Mary Avenue in Olivehurst, CA (990KW)
Medline in Tracy, CA (1.35MW)
Mono Lake Visitors Center Solar in Lee Vining, CA (32KW)
Monterey WWTF in Marina, CA (1116KW)
Murrieta USD Creekside High School in Murrieta, CA (28KW)
Murrieta USD Creekside HS in Murrieta, CA (28KW)
Murrieta USD Thompson Middle School in Murrieta, CA (135KW)
Murrieta USD Thompson MS in Murrieta, CA (135KW)
Murrieta Valley High School in Murrieta, CA (267KW)
Murrieta Valley High School in Murrieta, CA (276KW)
Paradise USD Solar in Paradise, CA (153KW)
Pitney Bowes in Stockton, CA (545KW)
PLD Kelly Spicer in Santa Fe Springs, CA (631KW)
PLD Los Angeles Department of Water and Power in Torrance, CA (1.06MW)
PLD in Sun Valley, CA (688KW)
Pleasant Valley Church in Chico, CA (27KW)
Principal Real Estate Center 1 & 2 in Pleasanton, CA (861KW)
Rabobank Stockton Solar in Stockton, CA (23KW)
Raley’s Distribution Center in Sacramento, CA (1.2MW)
Recreation Center in South Lake Tahoe, CA (65KW)
River City Bank in Natomas, CA (249KW)
River City Bank in Woodland, CA (54KW)
Salida Middle School in Salida, CA (114KW)
Sam’s Club in Fountain Valley, CA (398KW)
San Joaquin Education Office in Stockton, CA (449KW)
Seaside High School in Monterey, CA (538KW)
Sisk Elementary School in Salida, CA (83KW)
Solano State Prison in Vacaville, CA (1.1MW)
Standard Register Lighting Retrofit in West Sacramento, CA
Sutter Health in Elk Grove, CA (1.12MW)
Sutter Health in Sunnyvale, CA (300KW)
Sytech Solutions in Elk Grove, CA (147KW)
Target Store in Chula Vista, CA (616KW)
Target Store in Citrus Heights, CA (443KW)
Target Store in Jarupa Valley, CA (558KW)
Target Store in Long Beach, CA (955KW)
Target Store in Novato, CA (759KW)
Target Store in Rancho Cordova, CA (480KW)
Target Store in San Diego, CA (1MW)
Target Store in San Rafael, CA (301KW)
Target Store in Santa Ana, CA (451KW)
Tesla Motors-Supercharger in Folsom, CA
Tesla Motors-Supercharger in Gilroy, CA
Tesla Motors-Supercharger in Lebec, CA
US Foods in Tracy, CA (1.6MW)
Walmart in Antelope, CA (513KW)
Walmart in Antelope, CA (355KW)
Walmart in Atwater, CA (400KW)
Walmart in Chico, CA (338KW)
Walmart in Chula Vista, CA (618KW)
Walmart in Citrus Heights, CA (329KW)
Walmart in Clearlake, CA (145KW)
Walmart in Clovis, CA (261KW)
Walmart in Corona, CA (342KW)
Walmart in Crescent City, CA (296KW)
Walmart in Elk Grove, CA (375KW)
Walmart in Foothill Ranch, CA (421KW)
Walmart in Fresno, CA (313KW)
Walmart in Fresno, CA (591KW)
Walmart in Gilroy, CA (580KW)
Walmart in Marysville, CA (260KW)
Walmart in Oceanside, CA (425KW)
Walmart in Orangeville, CA (276KW)
Walmart in Pal Desert, CA (312KW)
Walmart in Redding, CA (444KW)
Walmart in Rosemead, CA (470KW)
Walmart in Sacramento, CA (523KW)
Walmart in Santa-Clarita, CA (340KW)
Walmart in Santa Fe Springs, CA (324KW)
Walmart in Santa Maria, CA (294KW)
Walmart in Selma, CA (253KW)
Walmart in Stockton, CA (464KW)
Walmart in Tracy, CA (421KW)
Walmart in Turlock, CA (440KW)
Walmart in Union City, CA (362KW)
Walmart in Vacaville, CA (434KW)
Walmart in West Sacramento, CA (520KW)
Walmart in Willows, CA (411KW)
Walmart in Willows, CA (441KW)
Walmart in Windsor, CA (310KW)
Walmart in Yreka, CA (441KW)
Walmart in Yuba City, CA (580KW)
Walnut Creek City Hall Solar in Walnut Creek, CA (45KW)
Washington Plaza in Sacramento, CA (112KW)
Williams Sonoma in Tracy, CA (1.75MW)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://barnumcelillo.com/mixed-use-multi-family

Mixed Use/Multi. Family
Highlighted Projects
16th & H, Design / Build in Sacramento, CA
16th & K, Design / Build in Sacramento, CA
16th & O Gateway Apartments in Sacramento, CA
801 Riverfront Apartments in West Sacramento, CA
1029 K Street Design / Build Renovation in Sacramento, CA
Creekside Apartments in Davis, CA
Dignity Apartments in Sacramento, CA
Durant Apartments Design / Build in Berkeley, CA
Epic Apartments Phase II in San Jose, CA
Epic Apartments Phase III in San Jose, CA
Eskaton Village in Carmichael, CA
Dignity Apartments in Sacramento, CA
Durant in Berkeley, CA
Foothill Farms Senior Housing in Sacramento, CA
Havens @ Cottle Station in San Jose, CA
Hayward 4 Eden Housing Design / Build in Hayward, CA
Heritage Commons Phase II Design / Build in Dixon, CA
Heritage Commons Phase III Design / Build in Dixon, CA
Holden Assisted Living Apartments in Roseville, CA
La Valentina North & Station in Sacramento, CA
Main & Able in Milpitas, CA
Pioneer Towers in Sacramento, CA
Redding Avenue Apartments Design / Build in Sacramento, CA
Reno VOA Elderly Housing in Reno, NV
R Street Market luxury lofts in Sacramento, CA
Sierra Vista Apartments in Sacramento, CA
Sterling Apartments in Davis, CA
Stonefire Apartments Design / Build in Berkeley, CA
Sutterview Apartments in Sacramento, CA
Temple Art Lofts in Vallejo, CA
The AJ (Railyards) Apartments in Sacramento, CA
The Crossings Apartments in Sacramento, CA
The Press Apartments in Sacramento, CA
Township 9 in Sacramento, CA
Twin Oaks Senior Residence Apartments in Oakley, CA
Village Park Centura Apartments in San Jose, CA
Washington Plaza Apartments in Sacramento, CA

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------