ROOT: https://arevonenergy.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:50:14.545649Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/

Powering America. Strengthening Communities.
Arevon is a U.S. company committed to supplying energy that is affordable, safe, and socially responsible. Our strong track record in delivering homegrown renewable energy projects and our dedication to our partners have positioned Arevon as one of America’s most trusted leaders in utility-scale solar and energy storage.
Our Technologies
See AllArevon leverages innovative solutions and technology to develop, build, finance, own, and operate high-performing solar and energy storage projects across the United States. Our in-house expertise and attested success in delivering first-class projects strongly positions us to add more energy to the grid.
Our Projects
We leverage decades of experience to supply renewable energy across the nation through our diversified, high-performance portfolio.
- 6+ GW
- 600+ MW
- 7+ GW
- $11+ B
- $5.1+ B
- 1.22 M
- 1.23 M
Our Partners
We establish mutually beneficial relationships that are rooted in trust, transparency, and collaboration. No project is possible without the support of our partners, and we are proud of the strong connections we foster with communities, landowners, and customers.
Communities
When Arevon develops a renewable energy project, we do so with our stakeholders’ interests top of mind. As the owner and operator of the vast majority of our assets, our thoughtful approach to development reflects our dedication to being active members and stewards of the communities where our projects are located.
Landowners
Arevon partners with landowners across the country who understand the value in harvesting energy from the sun for long-term economic and environmental benefits. Participating landowners lease a portion of their land for the construction and operation of a renewable energy project, which in turn creates a stable and more diversified revenue stream.
Careers
We know our greatest strength is our talented, mission-driven, and diverse team who is dedicated to powering an American energy future. We are eager to expand our organization with purposeful, determined individuals who are interested in growing their careers in a meaningful industry.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/portfolio/

Portfolio
View our success in advancing projects that are shaping the future of energy.
There are no results for you search. Reset Filters
Explore Arevon’s Renewable Energy Projects
We found … matching your search
Resources
Explore a valuable array of resources designed to deepen your understanding of Arevon, our commitment to responsible development and operations, our collaborative partners, and the innovative technologies driving our projects forward.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/about/awards/

Awards
We are committed to being a responsible renewable energy developer, owner, and operator, and we are honored to be recognized for the work we do.
Company
Top Arizona Business to Watch in 2026
Our company was included in the AZ Big 100: 50 Arizona businesses to watch in 2026 list, highlighting our commitment to innovation, growth, and creating job opportunities that help drive Arizona’s vibrant business environment.
2025 No. 1 Ranking in the Americas for Renewable Energy: Solar Power Generation and No. 3 Globally Among All Solar Companies
We were ranked No. 1 in the Americas for Renewable Energy: Solar Power Generation and No. 3 globally in the annual GRESB environmental, social, and governance (ESG) Benchmark Assessment, reflecting our commitment to ESG excellence across our organization and projects.
2025 Diamond Cyber Risk Assessment Badge
Our Information Technology (IT) team received the Silent Sector 2025 Diamond Cyber Risk Assessment Badge for the successful completion of an industry-leading cyber risk assessment framework, demonstrating our dedication to cybersecurity excellence.
2025 Diamond Penetration Test Badge
Our IT team was awarded the Silent Sector 2025 Diamond Penetration Test Badge for completing key cybersecurity penetration tests, covering web applications, internal and external networks, wireless environments, and additional systems.
2025 Diamond Proactive Cyber Risk Management Badge
Our IT team received the Silent Sector 2025 Diamond Proactive Cyber Risk Management Badge, recognizing several years of participation in a cyber risk management program and ongoing improvement of processes and technologies.
2025 Top Solar Contractor Award
We earned national recognition on the Solar Power World 2025 Top Solar Contractors List, ranking in the top 5% of companies. We were also named the #1 developer in California — a reflection of our commitment to strengthening the grid with renewable energy.
2025 Top Workplaces in Energy & Utilities Award
We won the Energage 2025 Top Workplaces in Energy & Utilities Award, recognizing our leadership in renewable energy and the incredible team powering our success.
2025 Arizona Top Workplaces Award
Our company received the Energage and azcentral 2025 Arizona Top Workplaces Award, highlighting our efforts to build a workplace where people feel valued, supported, and connected to a shared purpose.
2025 Top Workplaces for Innovation Award
We received the Energage 2025 Top Workplaces for Innovation Award for our inclusive culture that encourages new ideas, embraces bold thinking, and drives continuous improvement. Additionally, we won three other 2025 Culture Excellence Awards from Energage: Top Workplaces for Work-Life Flexibility, Top Workplaces for Compensation & Benefits, and Top Workplaces for Leadership Award.
2025 Top Workplaces for Work-Life Flexibility Award
Our team received the Energage 2025 Top Workplaces for Work-Life Flexibility Award, recognizing our dedication to supporting employees in their personal and professional lives.
2025 Top Workplaces for Compensation & Benefits Award
We won the Energage 2025 Top Workplaces for Compensation & Benefits Award, acknowledging our commitment to providing competitive pay and benefits.
2025 Top Workplaces for Leadership Award
We received the Energage 2025 Top Workplaces for Leadership Award, celebrating Arevon’s leaders who inspire excellence, foster collaboration, and empower teams.
2025 Top Workplaces for Employee Well-Being Award
Our company received the Energage 2025 Top Workplaces for Employee Well-Being Award for prioritizing our team’s mental and physical health and providing resources to support well-being.
2025 Top Workplaces for DE&I Practices Award
We won the Energage 2025 Top Workplaces for DE&I Practices Award for fostering an inclusive, welcoming culture across the entire organization.
2025 Top Workplaces for Appreciation Award
We won the Energage and Nectar 2025 Top Workplace for Appreciation Award, acknowledging our commitment to genuine employee recognition and appreciation.
2025 USA TODAY Top Workplaces Award
Our company received the Energage 2025 USA TODAY Top Workplaces Award, recognizing our exceptional people-first culture, leadership, and employee satisfaction.
2024 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Justice Silver Certification
We received Silver Certification from the Solar Energy Industries Association’s Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Justice (DEIJ) Program in recognition of our ongoing efforts to advance DEIJ throughout the organization.
2024 No. 1 in North America and No. 2 Globally for Infrastructure – Renewable Power: Solar Power Generation
We achieved the No. 1 ranking in North America and No. 2 globally in the annual GRESB environmental, social, and governance (ESG) Benchmark Assessment for Infrastructure – Renewable Power: Solar Power Generation, acknowledging our leadership in ESG performance.
2024 Top Solar Contractor Award
We achieved the #2 ranking in the Solar Power World 2024 Top Solar Contractors List in recognition of our projects’ total generation capacity. Arevon also led the nation as the largest developer in Nevada.
2024 Top Workplaces for Appreciation Award
We received the Energage and Nectar 2024 Top Workplace for Appreciation Award that highlights our commitment to recognizing employee contributions.
2024 Top Workplaces for DE&I Practices Award
We were recognized as an Energage 2024 Top Workplaces for DE&I Practices winner, acknowledging our dedication to implementing equitable and inclusive principles across the company.
2023 Arizona Top Workplaces Award
Our company received the Energage and azcentral 2023 Arizona Top Workplaces Award for our ongoing commitment to supporting our talented employees and ensuring their voices are heard.
2022 Arizona Top Workplaces Award
We received the Energage and azcentral 2022 Arizona Top Workplaces Award for promoting a culture of collaboration and diversity where employees feel supported at work.
Project
2024 North America Storage Deal of the Year Award
The Condor Energy Storage Project won Proximo’s 2024 North America Energy Storage Deal of the Year Award, highlighting its hybrid tax equity structure designed to maximize incentives.
2023 Renewables Deal of the Year – Energy Storage – Award
Our Vikings Solar-plus-Storage Project won the 2023 IJGlobal Renewables Deal of the Year – Energy Storage – North America Award, recognizing its innovative financing structure as the nation’s first utility-scale solar peaker plant to leverage the Inflation Reduction Act’s transferability provision since its passing.
2023 North America Solar Deal of the Year Award
The Vikings Solar-plus-Storage Project earned Proximo’s 2023 North America Solar Deal of the Year Award, acknowledging its impactful financing structure that featured investment tax credit and production tax credit transferability.
People
2026 Women in Sustainability Leadership Award
Arevon’s Chief Development Officer Shanelle Montana received the 2026 Women in Sustainability Leadership Award, celebrating her strategic role in advancing Arevon’s portfolio and the broader energy industry.
2025 Notable Leaders in Sustainability Award
Arevon’s Managing Director of Investment Joe Santo received the Crain’s 2025 Notable Leaders in Sustainability Award, acknowledging his strategic approach to sustainable investing and his role in advancing transformative energy projects.
2025 Rising Star Award
Arevon’s Director of Sustainability Tiffany Buck was a recipient of the Solar Power World 2025 Rising Star Award, recognizing her inspiring leadership in advancing the company’s land stewardship practices.
2025 Energy Transition Power List
Arevon’s Chief Executive Officer Kevin Smith was included in the Tamarindo Energy Transition Power List 2025, recognizing his leadership in advancing renewable energy and driving growth in battery storage.
2025 Notable Leaders in Finance Award
Three Arevon employees — Denise Tait, Chief Investment Officer; Nimmi Kavasery, Managing Director of Project Finance; and Lydia Li, Director of Investment — received the Crain’s 2025 Notable Leaders in Finance Award, highlighting the strength of our team who is dedicated to structuring financial transactions that power the success of our projects.
2025 Employer Support of the Guard & Reserve Patriot Award
Four Arevon team members — Tina Raether, Vice President of Accounting; Amela Habul-Kohgadai, Accounting Senior Associate; Dylan Bliss, Accounting Manager; and Kristen Kiehler, Accounting Senior Manager — received the Employer Support of the Guard & Reserve Patriot Award, recognizing their commitment to supporting colleagues’ military service and fostering a flexible workplace for those deployed

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/about/sustainability/

Sustainability
Sustainability is central to everything we do at Arevon. As a leading independent power producer, we are dedicated to the responsible and sustainable development and operation of affordable, safe, and emissions-free energy generation. To learn more about our sustainability initiatives, read Arevon’s 2024 GRESB Infrastructure Asset Benchmark Report announcement and view the 2024 Sustainability Report below.
Net-Zero Carbon Emissions Commitment
Arevon has committed to being Net-Zero by 2040. We will spend the next year establishing our emissions baseline and crafting a plan for how we will achieve this target through short- and long-term science-based pathways.
Arevon is dedicated to upholding each part of the Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) framework. These three pillars help drive our organization to support sustainable growth in our industry, while continuing to be proactive in the following areas:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/about/our-team/

Our Team
Meet the passionate, mission-driven leaders who champion Arevon’s success.
Executive Leadership
Kevin Smith
Chief Executive Officer
Kevin Smith brings more than 40 years of experience in both renewable energy and conventional energy to his role as Chief Executive Officer at Arevon. Smith has spent the last 20+ years of his career in executive positions in renewable energy and energy storage, but earlier in his career, he was a design engineer on nuclear facilities and then developed natural gas fired power projects across the U.S. and internationally. Since joining Arevon in mid-2023, the company has closed project financings of more than $4.5 billion and started construction on 2.8 gigawatts (GW) of solar and energy storage projects. The company continues to expand its footprint and expertise in the U.S., while fostering a diverse and inclusive company culture.
Prior to joining Arevon, Smith served as CEO Americas for London-based Lightsource bp, where he spearheaded the company’s expansion into the U.S. market. Under Smith’s leadership, Lightsource bp successfully developed and built more than $4 billion in solar assets and established a 20 GW development pipeline of projects. Over the course of his career, Smith was CEO for SolarReserve, Senior Vice President at Invenergy, LLC, President of Insight Energy, and Chief Operating Officer in London for Rolls-Royce Power Ventures. At Invenergy, Smith led the company’s development activities and early entry into the wind energy markets in 2004, resulting in one of the largest privately owned renewable energy companies in the U.S.
Over his career, Smith has actively led the development, financing, construction, and operation of privately-owned energy projects in 26 states in the U.S. and more than a dozen countries across five continents with power sales contracts valued at more than $75 billion. For the last six years, Smith has served on the Board of Directors of the Solar Energy Industries Association.
Smith earned his MBA from the University of Chicago and his Mechanical Engineering Degree from Purdue University. In 2008, Purdue University named him the Mechanical Engineer of the Year for his service in the energy industry.
Bob Krakauer
Chief Financial Officer
Bob Krakauer is Arevon’s Chief Financial Officer, leading the company in strategic financial planning, analysis, and operational finance. He brings over 30 years’ experience in optimizing and developing finance operations, implementing major strategic programs, and improving business performance. He has led multiple leveraged buyouts and successfully raised capital in public and private equity, debt, and credit markets. His extensive experience as a senior executive and Chief Financial Officer spans multiple industries including semiconductor manufacturing and enterprise software. Bob previously served as CFO of LifeLock, MagnaChip Semiconductor, ChipPAC, and Allied Signal Electronic Materials. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting and a Master of Business Administration in Operations and Decision Science from Santa Clara University in California.
Justin Johnson
Chief Operating Officer
Justin Johnson is Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Arevon. As COO, Justin and his team are responsible for all development, construction, and operations activities for the nation’s second-largest solar portfolio. Justin has more than 20 years of energy and operations experience in procurement, asset management, performance and engineering management, development, and construction. He was instrumental in founding Arevon in 2017 and led the organization in its role as exclusive asset manager to the Capital Dynamics Clean Energy Infrastructure funds. Justin previously held senior roles at Capital Dynamics, EDP Renewables and Horizon Wind Energy. Prior to joining the renewable energy industry, Justin served as an officer in the U.S. Air Force for seven years in flight test engineering and project management roles. Justin is a graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy and earned a Master of Business Administration from Babson College.
Denise Tait
Chief Investment Officer
Denise Tait is Chief Investment Officer at Arevon, overseeing the company’s project finance and investment activities. She brings more than 30 years of experience to this role and has a proven track record in managing billions of dollars of assets, executing financial transactions, and leading teams.
Denise joins Arevon after serving as Co-President for Starwood Infrastructure Finance, a leading real estate and infrastructure finance company, and she also worked for more than 20 years at GE Capital, holding various senior financial roles in credit and origination lending as well as serving as the Global Head of Project Finance Debt – Managing Director.
Denise graduated from American University’s Kogod School of Business, where she received her Bachelor of Science degree in Finance. She is currently Board Chair of Earthplace and was previously the Finance Chair.
Tommy Greer
Chief Commercial Officer
Tommy Greer is Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer at Arevon, where he is responsible for all commercial activities within the organization across multiple technological sectors. Prior to joining Arevon, Tommy spent more than 13 years at EDP Renewables where he served as the Head of Origination for North America and was responsible for executing more than 5,000 MW of PPAs with load-serving entities, corporations, traders, and institutional customers. During his time there, the structured power and environmental attribute transactions completed by his team exceeded $7 billion in notional value. Tommy holds a Master of Arts in Climate and Society from Columbia University, a Master of Science in Business Administration from the University of Southern California, and a Master of Business Administration from Rice University.
Shanelle Montana
Chief Development Officer
Shanelle Montana is a seasoned industry professional, with extensive experience from global, large-scale renewable energy companies and an established track record of driving project pipeline growth. As Chief Development Officer, Montana oversees the strategic and efficient expansion of Arevon’s early-stage development portfolio, which currently exceeds 6 gigawatts (GW). Montana also supports the company’s ongoing success and entry into new markets in the U.S. and leads the execution of the company’s greenfield project development efforts. Montana has served as a Board Member of numerous clean energy associations including Clean Grid Alliance and is a Board Member and Co-founder of the Du Nord Foundation.
Before joining Arevon, Montana held several executive roles at Lightsource bp, most recently as Senior Vice President of Portfolio Management. In this position, she oversaw a 20 GW pipeline of solar and energy storage projects in the U.S. while guiding late-stage project development through to construction, including monitoring the U.S. portfolio’s financial health and schedules. As Vice President of Development, Montana led a 15 GW development portfolio of clean energy projects across the eastern half of the U.S., managing a team who successfully advanced projects from greenfield origination to construction. Prior to that, she worked in key roles for BayWa r.e. and EDF Renewables, leading the development of utility-scale projects in PJM and MISO.
Montana earned a Master of Public Policy from American University, School of Public Affairs in Washington, D.C. She also earned a Bachelor of Arts in Legal Studies and a Bachelor of Science in Environmental Studies from Hamline University in Saint Paul, MN.
Vesco Petrov
General Counsel
Vesco Petrov is the General Counsel of Arevon and is responsible for all legal operations. Vesco has more than a decade of legal experience honed in a law firm, start-up, and public corporation setting. Across these venues, Vesco has specialized in utility-scale solar generation transactions, with a specific focus on EPC, M&A, warranty, and dispute resolution matters. Prior to joining Arevon, Vesco held legal positions with First Solar, DEPCOM Power, and Bradley Arant Boult & Cummings. Vesco holds a Bachelor of Science in Materials Engineering from the University of Arizona and a Juris Doctor from the University of Alabama.
Jon Faltis
Chief People Officer
Jon Faltis is Chief People Officer at Arevon. Jon has over a decade of experience in human resources and talent management at various infrastructure companies providing engineering, architecture, construction management, and project management. Previously, he served as Chief Business Officer and Chief Accounting Officer overseeing Arevon’s financial accounting and reporting, tax, treasury, and financial operations. Jon has nearly two decades of experience in leadership roles in corporate management, finance/accounting, human resources, information technology, and general business operations across a broad range of leading companies in the energy and infrastructure industries. Prior to Arevon, Jon held senior roles at Capital Dynamics on the Clean Energy Infrastructure team and was instrumental in founding Arevon in 2017. Earlier in his career, Jon spent a decade in various Chief Financial Officer roles for energy and infrastructure firms. Jon holds a Bachelor of Science in Accountancy from the W.P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University.
Senior Leadership
Heather Barone
Vice President, Environmental Affairs
Heather Barone serves as Vice President of Environmental Affairs at Arevon. Barone brings more than 25 years of experience in environmental permitting and federal compliance, as well as leadership skills honed from managing cross-disciplinary teams supporting energy development across North America.
Barone joined Arevon in 2025 and leads federal permitting, environmental compliance, and risk management across the company’s greenfield development, construction, and operating projects. She oversees the Environmental Affairs team and directs permitting strategy, agency engagement, and due diligence for development and M&A activities, while ensuring adherence to local, state, and federal regulations.
Prior to working at Arevon, Barone began her career at Tetra Tech EC (formerly Foster Wheeler) as a Project Manager and Engineer, managing large wetland restoration and environmental remediation efforts, as well as federal and state permitting programs across Florida. She then spent 12 years at NextEra Energy Resources (formerly FPL Energy) as a Senior Environmental Advisor, driving environmental strategy and permitting for solar, wind, and energy storage projects nationwide. Most recently, Barone served as Head of Environmental and Permitting at Enel Green Power North America, overseeing due diligence and permitting strategies for a diverse portfolio of greenfield development, operational, and M&A energy projects.
Barone received her Environmental Engineering, Bachelor of Science Degree from the College of Earth and Mineral Sciences at The Pennsylvania State University, which included one year at the University of New South Wales in Sydney, Australia, where she studied Environmental Law and Water Resource Management.
Daniel Casement
Vice President, Market Operations and Structuring
Daniel Casement is Vice President of Market Operations and Structuring at Arevon where he oversees the management of Arevon’s merchant solar and storage portfolio. He brings more than 15 years of experience in electricity and commodity markets. Prior to joining Arevon in 2021 Daniel worked at sPower for three years, where he led the structuring and analytics team and helped structure more than 1 GW of solar and storage deals. He also worked at AES for eight years in various commercial and risk management roles with a focus on merchant generation assets. Daniel holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting and law from the University of Manchester.
Josh Coon
Vice President, Development
Josh Coon is a Director of Development at Arevon, where he leads the development and execution of PV solar and battery energy storage projects in the Western U.S. Prior to his time at Arevon, Josh spent more than four years managing renewable energy projects at EDP Renewables and is experienced in all stages of the project lifecycle from greenfield development through construction. Throughout his career, Josh has been responsible for the development of over 1 GW of renewable energy projects and has constructed more than 500 MW of solar and wind and 600 MWh of energy storage. Josh holds a Bachelor of Science in Energy Engineering from Pennsylvania State University with a focus on renewable energy technologies.
Katherine Gensler
Vice President, Government Affairs and Marketing
Katherine Gensler is the Vice President of Government Affairs and Marketing for Arevon, leading the company’s strategic engagement with federal and state government officials. In addition, she heads the marketing and communications team, crafting the Arevon message for a wide variety of external audiences, from financial partners to community stakeholders. Previously, she spent 13 years with the Solar Energy Industries Association, expanding its advocacy before Congress and the Administration on behalf of the U.S. solar industry. Katherine also served as an energy analyst at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, where she advised the Commission on electricity and natural gas policies throughout the west. She holds a Master of Public Affairs from Indiana University and a Bachelor of Science in Political Science from the University of Wisconsin. Committed to educating the next generation of energy leaders, Katherine serves on the Board of Visitors of the Nelson Institute for Environmental Studies.
Eric Huswick
Vice President, Finance
Eric Huswick is the Vice President of Finance at Arevon where he oversees Development and Construction Accounting and Tax, and also works closely with Arevon’s M&A and Project Finance teams. Eric has played key roles in Arevon’s IRA implementation, corporate and transaction restructurings, and raising more than $2 billion of debt and tax equity financing. Eric previously worked for more than five years at Deloitte, focusing on global tax reporting, audit, and compliance for large multinationals as well as real estate and financial institutions. Eric is a CPA and has a Master’s in Taxation from the University of Denver and a BBA, accounting concentration from the University of Washington.
Nimmi Kavasery
Managing Director, Project Finance
Nimmi Kavasery is a Managing Director of Project Finance at Arevon, where she manages the negotiation and execution of project financings and structuring of tax equity partnerships. She has 15 years of financing experience, including more than a decade of executing clean energy transactions. Nimmi joins Arevon after a 10 year tenure at Bank of America, where she most recently co-led the Bank’s tax credit syndication desk and previously underwrote the Bank’s tax equity investments. Prior to Bank of America, Nimmi held various equity and debt underwriting roles at GE Capital–Energy Financial Services. Nimmi earned a Master of Business Administration in Finance at the Wharton School and an AB at Brown University.
Lydia Li
Director, Investment
Lydia Li serves as Director of Investment at Arevon and is responsible for originating, evaluating, and executing investments across renewable generation and battery storage sectors. Prior to Arevon, Lydia was an investor at Generate Capital, where she led sustainable infrastructure investments with a focus on renewable power, hydrogen, and mobility. She also worked at Commonfund Capital as a private equity investor in natural resources and Macquarie Capital as an investment banker. Lydia earned a Bachelor of Arts in Government and Economics from Claremont McKenna College and a Master of Business Administration from MIT Sloan School of Management.
Brindavani Malladi
Vice President, Interconnection
Brindavani (Brinda) Malladi is the Head of Transmission and Interconnection at Arevon, where she leads strategic transmission and market assessments and manages the interconnection of new projects in markets across the United States. Prior to joining Arevon, Brinda spent over 13 years at PJM performing generation interconnection, deactivation, and transmission expansion studies with focus on process improvements. Earlier in the career Brinda wrote and published technical papers on Congestion Pricing and Interconnection process. Brinda holds a Bachelor of Technology in Electrical Engineering and Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of New Brunswick.
Chris Matthews
Vice President, Development
Chris Matthews is the Director of Project Development at Arevon, where he oversees the development of projects in the Midwest and eastern regions of the U.S., focusing on MISO, SERC, PJM, and NYISO. Prior to joining Arevon, Chris was a Senior Project Development Manager with AES Clean Energy where he led greenfield development and permitting of DG and utility-scale solar and solar + BESS projects in NYISO and PJM. Earlier in his career, he spent 4 years developing distributed and utility-scale wind, solar, and battery storage projects with EDP Renewables and Greensmith Energy. Chris holds a Bachelor of Science in Geosciences from Virginia Tech.
Nick Maynard
Vice President, Engineering
Nick Maynard has been with Arevon for nearly two years and has more than 12 years of experience in engineering, construction, and the project management of large commercial and utility-scale photovoltaic & BESS projects in the United States and Guam. His experience in renewable energy includes engineering, finance, and construction support for greenfield development and merger and acquisition projects. Before joining Arevon, Nick led the design, installation, and commissioning of approximately 2.0GWdc of solar PV projects, amounting to approximately $2 billion in capital. Since joining Arevon, Nick has engineered another 1.5GWdc of PV and 760MW of BESS in California, Nevada, and Indiana. As the Senior Director of Engineering, Nick’s responsibilities include executive reporting, the establishment of processes and procedures, fatal flaw analysis, negotiation of EPC technical language, review of QA/QC reports, cold and hot commissioning, and owner engineer’s support. Nick obtained a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the Colorado School of Mines in Golden, Colorado.
Anand Narayanan
Senior Vice President, Asset Management
Anand Narayanan is Vice President of Asset Management at Arevon. He brings more than a decade of experience in solar operations and maintenance and deep knowledge of the various market drivers and technology improvements happening in the solar industry. Prior to joining Arevon, Anand held various roles at First Solar Energy Services, including performance engineer and technical sales manager. At First Solar, Anand was responsible for selling third-party O&M services and brought in more than $2.5 million annual margin via long-term O&M contracts. Prior to that, Anand was responsible for performance reporting, analysis, and operations. Anand graduated from Arizona State University with a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering, specializing in Energy and Power Systems, and holds a Bachelor of Science in Technology for Electrical and Electronics Engineering.
Greg Patzer
Vice President, Construction
Greg Patzer is the Senior Director of Construction at Arevon where he helps support the various execution teams as their respective projects move from late-stage development through commercial operation. Greg brings to the role more than 27 years of construction experience in the infrastructure, conventional power, commercial building, and renewables industries. A native of Arizona, Greg obtained a Bachelor of Science in Construction Management from Arizona State University. He is also a proud Army veteran having served in Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Tina Raether
Vice President, Accounting
Tina Raether is the Vice President of Accounting at Arevon where she provides technical and operational leadership across the accounting and financial reporting functions. Prior to joining Arevon, Tina was an Assurance Director at PwC within the Asset and Wealth Management practice with more than 13 years of public accounting experience. Her responsibilities included leading both public and private audit engagements, business development, recruiting, and learning and development course facilitation. Tina graduated magna cum laude from Arizona State University with a Master of Science in Accountancy and a certificate in International Business. Tina is an active CPA in Arizona and a member of the AICPA and Arizona Society of CPAs.
Jeremy Rand
Senior Vice President, Procurement
Jeremy Rand is the Senior Vice President of Procurement at Arevon. His team is responsible for sourcing all capital equipment, EPC, O&M, and Service contracts. Jeremy has more than 10 years of renewable energy experience in performance engineering, EPC, Solar/BESS O&M, construction, and risk management. Prior to joining Arevon, Jeremy was the Director of Sales Operations and Fulfillment with First Solar, coordinating all shipments, deliveries, and contract management for First Solar’s module, EPC, and O&M businesses.
Deirdra Redmon
Vice President, Treasurer
Deirdra Redmon is the Treasurer at Arevon, where she manages corporate liquidity and leads the structuring and raising of corporate and non-project sources of capital. Prior to Arevon, Deirdra spent more than six years in the Treasury team at First Solar, Inc., four of those as Assistant Treasurer, and six years leading corporate and manufacturing financing during her tenure at the company. She has more than 10 years of Treasury and Public Accounting experience and is also a CPA. Deirdra holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting and a Master of Accounting from the W.P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University.
Joe Santo
Managing Director, Investment
Joe Santo is the Managing Director of Investment at Arevon, where he leads sourcing, underwriting, and execution of renewable energy and energy transition investments. Prior to Arevon, he worked at NextEra Energy for four years where he was responsible for M&A, evaluating and investing in distributed generation, community solar, storage, microgrids, fuel cells, hydrogen, and mobility opportunities. Prior to NextEra, Joe worked at GE Ventures where he was focused on investment opportunities in energy storage, mobility, and grid optimization. Earlier in his career, Joe worked as an attorney in the private equity and mergers and acquisitions practice group of Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP, where he assisted clients on more than $80 billion of transactions. Joe holds a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School, a Juris Doctor from the University of Pennsylvania Law School, and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Government from Dartmouth College.
Paul Smerchanski
Vice President, Origination
Paul Smerchanski is Vice President of Origination at Arevon Energy where he is responsible for finding customers for clean energy projects across North America. He has spent over a decade at renewable and energy storage project developers working on projects in the US and Canada, in roles spanning development, strategy, and origination. Paul has a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Manitoba and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Toronto’s Rotman School of Management.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/about/

Expertise
Arevon’s industry expertise, financial acumen, and technical innovation come together to optimize the structuring and long-term performance of our renewable energy projects. Our team brings decades of experience in energy and infrastructure, fueled by a sense of purpose and a commitment to delivering value to our customers while enhancing the communities where our projects are located.
- 6+ GW
- 600+ MW
- 7+ GW
- $11+ B
- $5.1+ B
- 1.22 M
- 1.23 M
Awards
These awards celebrate the collective contributions of our company, projects, and people.
Top Arizona Business to Watch in 2026
Our company was included in the AZ Big 100: 50 Arizona businesses to watch in 2026 list, highlighting our commitment to innovation, growth, and creating job opportunities that help drive Arizona’s vibrant business environment.
2026 Women in Sustainability Leadership Award
Arevon’s Chief Development Officer Shanelle Montana received the 2026 Women in Sustainability Leadership Award, celebrating her strategic role in advancing Arevon’s portfolio and the broader energy industry.
2025 Notable Leaders in Sustainability Award
Arevon’s Managing Director of Investment Joe Santo received the Crain’s 2025 Notable Leaders in Sustainability Award, acknowledging his strategic approach to sustainable investing and his role in advancing transformative energy projects.
2025 Rising Star Award
Arevon’s Director of Sustainability Tiffany Buck was a recipient of the Solar Power World 2025 Rising Star Award, recognizing her inspiring leadership in advancing the company’s land stewardship practices.
2025 No. 1 Ranking in the Americas for Renewable Energy: Solar Power Generation and No. 3 Globally Among All Solar Companies
We were ranked No. 1 in the Americas for Renewable Energy: Solar Power Generation and No. 3 globally in the annual GRESB environmental, social, and governance (ESG) Benchmark Assessment, reflecting our commitment to ESG excellence across our organization and projects.
2025 Top Solar Contractor Award
We earned national recognition on the Solar Power World 2025 Top Solar Contractors List, ranking in the top 5% of companies. We were also named the #1 developer in California — a reflection of our commitment to strengthening the grid with renewable energy.
Our Technologies
See AllArevon has a diverse, high-performing portfolio of utility-scale solar, energy storage, and solar-plus-storage projects as well as distributed generation assets. We leverage in-house expertise across development, engineering, construction, transmission, power market trading, and asset management, enabling us to expertly manage projects throughout their entire lifecycle.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/news/blog/the-facts-about-battery-energy-storage-system-safety/

January 7, 2026
The Facts About Battery Energy Storage System Safety
What communities should know.
America’s future depends on the strength of our energy system. Rising electricity demand from data centers and new industries, combined with more severe storms and heat waves, are testing the limits of today’s grid. To help keep our nation strong and our communities safe, we need reliable energy storage.
Storage supports a secure and resilient grid. It steadies power during high-stress moments, protects families and businesses from outages, and helps ensure American energy remains dependable when it matters most. More available storage also helps prevent electricity prices from skyrocketing during periods of high demand, keeping power more affordable for the communities that rely on it every day.
We also know that people have questions about energy storage. Community members want clear answers about how battery storage works, how it is kept safe, and what it means for the places they call home. These are fair questions, and we welcome them. Safety is a responsibility we take seriously, and we want people to feel confident about a project in their community.
Our Approach to Building and Operating Safe, Reliable Energy Storage
At Arevon, safety shapes every decision we make as we develop, construct, own, and operate our projects. Each step is designed to ensure that a project is responsible, durable, and safe for both the community and the grid.
Safety begins with responsible planning. Developing a utility-scale energy storage project can take three to five years or more, and during that time our cross-functional team studies each site carefully. This includes informed site selection, environmental and cultural studies, engineering assessments, a review of local regulations, permitting, financing, and importantly, requires ongoing community conversations.
Arevon has dedicated teams focused on engaging with communities. We show up, we listen, and we act as responsible partners to the people who make our projects possible. We believe that energy projects succeed when the communities that host them feel informed, included, and respected. That also means communities have meaningful input and receive material benefits for hosting a project in their area.
Safer Battery Technology
Choosing the right technology is the backbone of a safe energy storage system.
Since they became commercially available, our energy storage systems have used state-of-the-art Lithium Iron Phosphate (LFP) batteries because of their strong safety record. They are built to remain safe even under high temperatures and extreme conditions. Since their commercial introduction across North America, there have been no reported fire incidents involving utility-scale LFP systems. This record of safe performance is a key reason LFP technology has grown from 48% of the market in 2021 to an estimated 85% in 2024.
Unlike other lithium-ion chemistries, LFP batteries contain no cobalt or nickel. This helps keep costs down, supports a more responsible supply chain, and avoids the ethical concerns tied to cobalt mining in regions such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The materials used in LFP batteries are more abundant, widely distributed, and easier to source through stable global supply chains.
LFP technology is also well suited for the varied climates across our nation. Arevon uses battery systems that are engineered to withstand some of the harshest conditions on earth, including Category 5 hurricanes, severe earthquakes, and both high heat and cold weather environments.
In addition, LFP batteries have no air emissions and unlike lead acid batteries there is no risk of battery chemical/acid leakage.
Many responsible manufacturers are moving toward LFP for safer and more robust performance.
Meeting and Exceeding National Safety Standards
Utility-scale energy storage is one of the most rigorously tested types of battery systems. These systems follow strict regulations and undergo extensive testing, with certifications required before deployment.
Arevon’s energy storage systems meet or exceed national and international safety regulations, including the International Fire Code (IFC), International Building Code (IBC), International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC), UL Solutions (formerly Underwriters Laboratories), and National Fire Protection Association (NFPA).
Projects are built on non-flammable ground that is resilient to fire risks, and Arevon incorporates multiple layers of additional protection, including:
- 24/7 real-time monitoring with advanced sensors
- Automated shutdown mechanisms to maintain safe temperatures
- Outdoor steel enclosures designed for durability with adequate spacing between units
- Infrared cameras for continuous temperature tracking
- Air quality sensors for environmental monitoring
- Emergency response planning and training with local fire departments
These safeguards work together to ensure each site operates safely and securely.
Construction With Safety at the Forefront
We work only with construction partners who share our safety and environmental standards, ensuring that best practices are upheld from start to finish. Before any work begins, all safety guidelines, policies, and procedures are reviewed to confirm they align with Arevon’s requirements. Each project also requires a site-specific safety plan that outlines protective measures for that location. These safety plans are reviewed with the local fire department, to ensure the plans comply with local requirements and procedures.
During construction, teams receive ongoing safety training, and routine inspections are carried out to make sure the work meets safety requirements. This approach helps protect workers, neighbors, and the environment.
Once the physical buildout is complete, every system undergoes comprehensive testing and quality checks to ensure it is ready to safely store energy and deliver it to the grid when needed. This commissioning process verifies that all components operate safely, efficiently, and in accordance with design specifications and all applicable regulations and standards. This on-site work builds on the testing and real-world simulations completed by the battery system provider before the equipment even arrives on site.
Long-Term Operations With Continuous Oversight
Once a project is operating, the work of safety continues. Arevon’s energy storage facilities are monitored around the clock to ensure optimal performance, rapid issue detection, and system safety. Ongoing interface and collaboration with the local fire department continues through the operational phase to make sure they are kept aware of the safety plans and procedures.
Our Asset Managers and Engineers follow detailed inspection regimes to confirm that equipment is performing as designed and that all safety requirements are fully met. Arevon’s long-term commitment as the facility’s owner and operator helps ensure years of reliable and safe operation.
- Battery performance is tracked in real time. We monitor battery operation, equipment status, and environmental conditions using advanced control systems.
- Any anomalies are detected and addressed quickly. Automated alerts notify operations teams of any irregularities so they can respond promptly.
- Grid compliance is rigorously maintained. Continuous adherence to utility and regulatory performance standards is ensured.
- The market is constantly monitored. We ensure that energy is dispatched in a manner consistent with market needs and requirements, helping maintain grid reliability and compliance.
Responsible Decommissioning and Recycling
At the end of a project’s life, Arevon follows responsible decommissioning practices that comply with all local and state requirements. Equipment is removed, and land can be restored for agricultural use or another purpose chosen by the landowner.
We support responsible recycling efforts at all our projects through the Solar Energy Industries Association’s Circular Economy program, which promotes efficient and responsible domestic recycling. We are also committed to the recycling and repurposing of battery storage components, reinforcing our commitment to sustainability.
More than 65 battery storage manufacturing facilities are currently operating in the United States. When batteries are recycled instead of relying on newly mined materials, greenhouse gas emissions, energy consumption, and water use are meaningfully reduced. Recycling not only benefits the environment. It also recovers valuable materials that can support domestic manufacturing supply chains and help strengthen a more circular economy.
For More Information
Energy storage plays an important role in keeping our power system reliable, and we know people want clear information about how these projects are kept safe. We hope this overview is helpful. Visit Arevon’s Frequently Asked Questions for answers to more questions about energy storage.
This is Arevon
Follow us on LinkedIn for more stories of how we’re powering progress.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/news/releases/arevon-surpasses-10-billion-in-operating-assets-expanding-its-american-energy-portfolio/

September 8, 2025
Arevon Surpasses $10 Billion in Operating Assets, Expanding Its American Energy Portfolio
With 5.3 gigawatts of renewable energy operating, 1 gigawatt under construction, and an expanding 9 gigawatt pipeline, Arevon is scaling to meet historic U.S. electricity demand and strengthen America’s energy security.
LAS VEGAS and SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. (September 8, 2025) – Arevon Energy, Inc., a leading American energy developer, owner, and operator, today shared at RE+ 2025 its milestone achievements and ambitious growth ahead. The company owns and operates more than 5.3 gigawatts (GW) of solar, energy storage, and solar-plus-storage projects across 17 U.S. states, representing more than $10 billion in capital investment. With 1 GW of new capacity under construction and a 9 GW development portfolio as well as $4.5 billion in completed project financings over the last two years, Arevon is expanding into new markets and reinforcing its role in powering America’s energy future. With every project, Arevon commits resources back into the host communities — strengthening schools, supporting essential services, and advancing the goals that matter most to local families.
Backed by a growing, mission-driven team, Arevon is advancing utility-scale renewable projects that deliver reliable homegrown energy, create local competitive-wage jobs, and generate lasting community benefits nationwide. The company’s scale and performance have earned national recognition, ranking in the top 5% of solar companies in Solar Power World’s 2025 Top Solar Contractors List. Arevon was also recognized as the top developer in California and the fourth largest solar developer nationwide.
“These milestones are a testament to the Arevon team, whose talent and commitment make these achievements possible,” said Kevin Smith, Chief Executive Officer at Arevon. “Amid a record electricity demand surge in the U.S., our operating portfolio is reinforcing grid reliability, delivering dependable and affordable American power to millions across the country, and safeguarding national security as the U.S. leads in the global AI economy. Despite the challenging revisions to U.S. energy policy related to renewable energy, solar and energy storage will remain key to meeting future electricity demand requirements.”
Arevon’s Project Achievements and Advancements
Arevon’s accomplishments are driven by its ability to bring renewable energy projects from development to financing through to construction and onto successful long-term operations. Over the course of the last year, Arevon has advanced more than 2,000 megawatts (MW) of projects into operations and started construction on 730 MW of new capacity.
Toward the end of 2024, Arevon began operations at its Vikings Solar-plus-Storage Project in Imperial County, California. The $529 million project, which is one of the first utility-scale solar peaker plants in the U.S., combines 157 MWdc of solar with 150 MW/600 megawatt hours (MWh) of battery storage, shifting low-cost daytime solar energy to higher-cost peak demand periods in late afternoons and evenings. Vikings’s financial close was regarded as the nation’s first utility-scale solar peaker plant to leverage tax credit transferability and was recognized by receiving IJGlobal’s Renewables Deal of the Year – Energy Storage Award.
Also among Arevon’s significant achievements was the August 2025 completion of its $2 billion Eland 1 & 2 Solar-plus-Storage Project in Kern County, California. Now fully operational, Eland delivers 758 MWdc of solar generation paired with 300 MW/1,200 MWh of energy storage, making it one of the largest installations of its kind in the nation. The project is capable of powering more than 266,000 homes annually, meeting 7% of Los Angeles’s electricity needs, while its hybrid design enables day-to-night renewable delivery and bolsters grid reliability.
In Missouri, Arevon commenced construction on its Kelso 1 & 2 Solar Project, a $500 million private investment that will boost the state’s installed solar capacity by almost 50 percent when operational. This two-phase project marks Arevon’s first utility-scale solar development in Missouri and features an innovative Environmental Attribute Purchase Agreement with Meta, ensuring traceable renewable energy attribution. Kelso not only adds substantial American-made energy to the region but also channels targeted local investments into schools, infrastructure, and community services.
Additionally, the company announced commercial operations at its $300 million Peregrine Energy Storage Project in San Diego, a 200 MW/400 MWh standalone battery system designed to strengthen California’s grid resilience and facilitate greater integration of renewable generation. Peregrine represents Arevon’s fifth completed utility-scale energy storage facility in California and bolsters the company’s position as a leader in battery storage development and operations.
Arevon continues to advance construction on its almost $400 million Ratts 1 & Heirloom Solar Projects in Indiana, a combined 265 MW of capacity which are expected to be operational this year. The company also partnered with local utilities to develop and build an additional 480 megawatts of solar energy in Indiana with the Gibson Solar and Posey Solar projects, ensuring each project was successfully integrated into their communities.
Arevon’s $600 million Nighthawk Energy Storage Project, a 300 MW/1,200 MWh facility in Poway, California, is also under construction, and when operational, will be able to power up to 385,000 homes during the peak electricity demand periods for four hours each day. The project will feature modern lithium iron phosphate batteries which are the safest technology on the market today. Arevon’s number one priority is the safety of those who live and work in its project areas, and the company is proud to have safely operated its energy storage facilities in U.S. communities since 2021.
Together, these projects illustrate Arevon’s ability to execute at scale and deliver tangible results that propel the advancement of affordable and reliable energy in America.
Arevon Drives Growth Through Innovative Financing
Since mid-September 2024, Arevon has secured more than $1.6 billion in financing for flagship solar and energy storage projects, which contributes to the company’s industry leading $4.5 billion in total project financings secured over the last two years. Within the last 12 months, Arevon’s notable executed transactions include $509 million for its Kelso Solar Project, $351 million for the Gibson Solar Project, $258 million for its Peregrine Energy Storage Project, and $98 million for its Ratts 1 & Heirloom Solar Projects. These investments are bringing more than a thousand megawatts of new renewable energy capacity to the grid, supporting local economies through job creation, tax revenue, and infrastructure improvements.
Moreover, Arevon also secured a $600 million credit facility, with the option to increase up to $850 million, that will enable the company to further expand its development portfolio of solar and energy storage assets and enhance the performance of its high-yielding operational assets.
The scope and diversity of these deals reflect Arevon’s ability to structure innovative financing that strengthens project economics and enables additional development. Backed by strong relationships with capital partners, these financings are not only advancing the development, construction, and operations of Arevon’s projects but also ensuring that host communities realize meaningful, long-term benefits derived from renewable energy generation.
Arevon Recognition
In the past year, Arevon has earned national and global recognition for the way it powers communities, leads with integrity, and invests in its people. These honors reflect not only the company’s industry leadership, but also its commitment to building a workplace culture where innovation and inclusion thrive:
- Excellence in environmental, social, and governance (ESG) performance: Arevon ranked No. 1 in North America and No. 2 worldwide in the Infrastructure/Renewable Energy/Private category of the GRESB ESG Benchmark Assessment, underscoring its leadership in sustainable investing and responsible governance.
- Advancing diversity, equity, inclusion, and justice: Arevon achieved Silver Certification from the Solar Energy Industries Association’s (SEIA) DEIJ Program, an evidence-based initiative that celebrates meaningful progress toward building a more diverse, inclusive workplace, one of the company’s greatest strengths — fueling growth and innovative decision-making.
- Award-winning workplace culture: Arevon received a suite of honors from Energage and USA TODAY’s Top Workplaces awards, including Top Workplaces in Energy & Utilities, Arizona Top Workplaces, USA TODAY Top Workplaces, and Top Workplaces for Innovation. The company also earned Culture Excellence Awards in Work-Life Flexibility, Compensation & Benefits, and Leadership, recognizing a people-first culture that values balance, rewards performance, and empowers employees to lead.
Navigating Policy Changes
While the renewable energy industry continues to face policy uncertainty and shifting regulatory landscapes, Arevon remains confident in the fundamentals driving long-term growth. Rising demand and proven cost competitiveness position solar and energy storage to continue its growth under the new federal policy directives.
“The U.S. is entering a demand-driven era, and solar and battery storage are well-positioned to dominate new capacity growth — with or without subsidies,” said Smith. “These technologies deliver decades of price stability, protecting American families and businesses from fuel price volatility while giving the nation a decisive edge in leading the global AI race.”
What’s Next for Arevon
With a strong operating portfolio, an expanding 9 GW development pipeline, and continued investment in new projects, Arevon has solidified its role as a leader in powering an American energy future. The company’s focus remains on delivering safe, high-performance projects that meet the rising demand for homegrown, reliable, and affordable energy.
“We’re entering the next phase of growth through the expansion of our development pipeline and M&A activities,” added Shanelle Montana, Chief Development Officer at Arevon. “Across every stage — from development and financing to construction and operations — we are advancing ambitious energy goals while bolstering domestic manufacturing, increasing grid stability, and creating lasting community partnerships which drive economic development.” Arevon anticipates announcing more news pertaining to commercial, financial, construction, operation, sustainability, and other project-related milestones throughout the remainder of the year.
About Arevon Energy, Inc.
Arevon is a U.S. energy leader committed to powering America with affordable, reliable, and secure homegrown energy. Headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, and with a regional office in New York City, the company’s experienced and dedicated staff develops, finances, builds, owns, and operates renewable energy projects nationwide. With a strong track record in utility-scale solar and energy storage, Arevon is a trusted partner to utilities and businesses seeking cost-effective, sustainable energy solutions. By prioritizing American manufacturing and domestic energy production, the company invests in U.S. jobs, strengthens local economies, and advances the country’s energy independence.
Arevon owns and operates more than 5.3 gigawatts (GW) of solar and energy storage projects across 17 states, representing more than $10 billion in capital investment, and is currently constructing an additional 1 GW of new capacity. The company also partnered with local utilities to develop and build 480 megawatts of solar energy, ensuring each project was successfully integrated into their communities. Within the last two years, Arevon has completed $4.5 billion in project financings and closed on a $600 million corporate revolver to fund continued company growth. With a 9 GW development portfolio and continued investment in new projects, Arevon is solidifying its role as a leader in powering an American energy future. For more information, visit arevonenergy.com.
Media Contact
Blair Matocha, Senior Director of Communications
Arevon Energy, Inc.
bmatocha@arevonenergy.com
(713) 898-1325

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/news/releases/arevon-forges-path-as-a-leading-independent-power-producer-with-substantial-expansion-of-its-renewable-energy-portfolio/

September 10, 2024
Arevon Expands Portfolio as a Leading Independent Power Producer
The company now operates more than 4,000 megawatts (MW) of renewable energy capacity and is continuing its growth with 2,000 MW of new clean energy projects under construction, creating thousands of jobs across the United States.
ANAHEIM, Calif. and SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. (September 10, 2024) – Arevon Energy, Inc., a leading renewable energy developer, owner, and operator, announced today at the RE+ 2024 event the continued expansion of its clean energy portfolio, with more than 4,000 megawatts (MW) of operational capacity, 2,000 MW of new projects under construction, and projections for future growth through its 6 gigawatt development pipeline. Based in Scottsdale, Arizona, and with a regional office in New York City, Arevon maintains a portfolio of utility-scale solar, energy storage, and solar + storage hybrid projects, as well as select distributed generation solar assets. Over the last 12 months, the company has completed $3 billion in project financings for new projects that have initiated construction across the United States.
Since Arevon established itself as an independent power producer in 2021, the company has evolved into an industry leader in U.S. clean energy development, finance, construction, and operation as the sector continues to expand. A recent BloombergNEF report found that zero-carbon technologies comprised more than 40% of global electricity generation for the first time in 2023. Remarkably, solar and wind represented more than 90% of global energy capacity additions last year, a step up from 2022, with solar now the fastest growing and most cost-effective source of new electricity supply worldwide.
“Arevon is doing its part to accelerate the energy transition and bring clean and sustainable energy to communities while creating thousands of jobs and generating tax revenue to support local governments, schools, and emergency services,” said Kevin Smith, Chief Executive Officer at Arevon. “The renewable energy sector is poised to continue trending upwards, with strong support from the Inflation Reduction Act and a dynamic workforce among a growing number of companies that support the industry. The solar energy industry is also leading the rapid increase in new manufacturing jobs and activities in the United States.”
Arevon Powers the Energy Transition
Arevon owns and operates a diverse generation portfolio of more than 4,000 MW of renewable energy projects across 17 U.S. states – which includes more than 3,500 MWdc of solar and 500 MW of energy storage. These capacity figures include solar PV projects, solar + storage hybrid projects, as well as standalone energy storage projects.
The company is constructing approximately 2,000 MW of new clean energy installations, including more than 1,500 MWdc of solar as well as 500 MW of energy storage, of which two projects are solar + storage hybrid projects. Arevon is currently building projects in six U.S. states: California, Indiana, Colorado, Pennsylvania, Illinois, and New Jersey.
In addition to its rising capacity, Arevon’s headcount is also increasing. To support its operational fleet and projected growth, Arevon employs more than 250 mission-driven employees who are dedicated to advancing clean energy. The company plans to continue to expand its staff over the coming years.
Arevon’s scale is recognized by the industry. Recently, the company achieved the #2 rank in Solar Power World’s Top Solar Developers List. The list is organized by kilowatts (DC) installed in 2023, and Arevon also led the nation as the largest developer in Nevada.
Arevon Leads Industry-First Investments
With six project financing transactions totaling $3 billion completed over the past year, Arevon’s innovative climate finance structures have set new standards for renewable energy projects.
In November 2023, Arevon announced a $529 million financial close on the Vikings Solar-plus-Storage Project. Vikings pairs 157 MWdc of solar with 150 megawatt/600 megawatt hours of battery energy storage. As one of only a handful of hybrid peakers nationwide, it was lauded for its unique 1:1 configuration of solar to energy storage. Notably, Vikings was one of the first utility-scale solar-plus-storage investment tax credit and production tax credit transferability transactions since the Inflation Reduction Act passed in August 2022. The deal was named IJGlobal’s Renewables Deal of the Year – Energy Storage Award.
In addition to Vikings Solar-plus-Storage, Arevon has announced more executed financial deals, including a $299 million financing package for its Ratts 1 and Heirloom Solar Projects; a $352 million financial close for the Posey Solar Project; a $350 million preferred equity, debt, and ITC transfer financing for its Condor Energy Storage Project; and a $1.1 billion tax equity commitment and debt financing including a construction-to-term loan, a tax equity bridge loan, and letter of credit facilities for its Eland 2 Solar-plus-Storage Project.
What’s Next for Arevon
In 2024 and beyond, Arevon will continue to leverage its industry expertise, financial prowess, and technical innovation to enhance the structuring and performance of its renewable energy projects.
“Our diversified, high-performance portfolio, along with our strong partnerships with financial, commercial, and supplier counterparties, as well as the diverse communities where our projects reside, underscore our success as a leading renewable energy company,” said Smith. “Looking ahead, Arevon will continue to focus on our exceptional safety record and close collaboration with construction and operations and maintenance contractors to maintain a strong safety culture across all of our projects. Moreover, we will carry on with delivering value to our partners, project stakeholders, and host communities as we work to propel clean energy generation across the United States to create a sustainable energy future for our children and grandchildren.”
Arevon anticipates announcing more news pertaining to commercial, financial, commercial operation, sustainability, and other project-related milestones throughout the remainder of the year.
About Arevon
Arevon Energy, Inc. is a leading renewable energy company, supplying clean, reliable, and cost-effective energy to utilities and businesses, while powering the energy transition across the United States. Headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, and with a regional office in New York City, Arevon’s more than 250 mission-driven employees use innovative approaches and leading-edge technology to develop, build, finance, own, and operate renewable energy projects. Arevon owns and operates more than 4,000 megawatts (MW) of utility-scale solar, storage, and solar + storage hybrid projects as well as distributed generation assets in 17 U.S. states. The company is currently constructing more than 2,000 MW of new capacity and has a robust development portfolio of more than 6 gigawatts. For more information, visit www.arevonenergy.com.
Media Contact
Blair Matocha, Director of Communications
Arevon Energy, Inc.
bmatocha@arevonenergy.com
(713) 898-1325

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/news/releases/arevon-secures-98-million-tax-equity-commitment-for-its-ratts-1-and-heirloom-solar-projects-in-indiana/

May 28, 2025
Arevon Secures $98 Million Tax Equity Commitment for its Ratts 1 and Heirloom Solar Projects in Indiana
The projects will add 265 megawatts of homegrown energy to Indiana with Arevon completing more than $3.8 billion in total project financings over the last 18 months
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. and PETERSBURG, Ind. (May 28, 2025) – Arevon Energy, Inc., a leading American energy developer, owner, and operator, is pleased to announce a $98 million tax equity commitment from Fifth Third Bank for the company’s Ratts 1 and Heirloom Solar Projects. These projects, which are currently under construction, will add 265 megawatts (MWdc) of new domestic energy to Pike County, Indiana, and will expand Arevon’s portfolio in the Midwest/Midcontinent Independent System Operator (MISO) territories. Arevon’s aggregate project financings over the last 18 months total more than $3.8 billion for new solar and energy storage projects across the U.S.
Together, the two Pike County projects represent an investment of almost $400 million and will disburse more than $86 million to local governments over their lifespans, supporting schools, infrastructure, and other public services. The projects have employed approximately 200 full-time equivalent personnel to build the facilities and have also brought about an increase in spending at local stores, hotels, and restaurants. The 192 MWdc Ratts 1 Solar and the 73 MWdc Heirloom Solar Projects are both expected to be fully operational later this year.
Arevon announced the separate $299 million financial close for the Ratts 1 and Heirloom Solar Projects in September 2024, marking its first uncommitted tax equity and tax credit transfer bridge loan transaction. This $98 million tax equity partnership is the first with Fifth Third Bank where Arevon benefits from the capital structure flexibility provided by the Inflation Reduction Act’s (IRA) tax credit transfer provision.
“The complex and highly successful structure of this transaction marks another notable financial accomplishment for Arevon. This is a great example of what happens when all the right pieces come together,” said Denise Tait, Chief Investment Officer at Arevon. “We were proud to work with Fifth Third Bank and our other financing partners on all we have achieved across our projects’ financing packages. The Arevon team’s deep expertise and experience will enable us to continue to innovate on future financial transactions.”
“Fifth Third Bank was pleased to partner with Arevon on the tax equity financing commitment for the Ratts 1 and Heirloom Solar Projects,” said Jon Stark, Head of Renewables at Fifth Third Bank. “Supporting premier platforms like Arevon squarely fits our future growth, and we look forward to continuing to grow our relationship with Arevon as they continue to execute on their high-quality U.S. renewables pipeline.”
Paragon Energy Capital served as the Sponsor Financial Advisor, Latham & Watkins as Sponsor Counsel, and Norton Rose Fulbright as the Tax Equity Counsel for the projects’ tax equity commitment closing. Ratts 1 Solar is under a long-term power purchase agreement with Indiana Municipal Power Agency, and Meta is the offtaker for Heirloom Solar.
Arevon is actively growing its portfolio in the Midwest region of the United States. Last year, the company announced the start of construction for the Posey Solar Project and the Gibson Solar Project, both located in Indiana. Arevon also shared news on the advancement of construction for the 430 MW Kelso Solar Project in Missouri, where the company has recently completed contributions to worthy initiatives and community programs in the project area. In Illinois, Arevon’s 124 MW Big Muddy Solar Project opened a new local office and announced support for several deserving organizations. Construction proceedings for Big Muddy are expected to initiate later this year.
About Arevon Energy, Inc.
Arevon is a U.S. energy leader committed to powering America with affordable, reliable, and secure homegrown energy. Headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, and with a regional office in New York City, the company’s experienced and dedicated staff develops, finances, builds, owns, and operates renewable energy projects nationwide. With a strong track record in utility-scale solar and energy storage, Arevon is a trusted partner to utilities and businesses seeking cost-effective, sustainable energy solutions. By prioritizing American manufacturing and domestic energy production, the company invests in U.S. jobs, strengthens local economies, and advances the country’s energy independence.
Arevon owns and operates more than 4.5 gigawatts (GW) of solar and energy storage projects across 17 states, representing more than $9.3 billion in capital investment, and is constructing an additional 1.9 GW of new capacity. The company also partnered with local utilities to develop and build 480 megawatts of solar energy, ensuring each project was successfully integrated into their communities. Over the past 18 months, Arevon has completed more than $3.8 billion in project financings. With a 6 GW development portfolio and continued investment in new projects, Arevon is solidifying its role as a leader in powering an American energy future. For more information, visit arevonenergy.com.
Media Contact
Blair Matocha, Senior Director of Communications
Arevon Energy, Inc.
bmatocha@arevonenergy.com
(713) 898-1325

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/news/releases/arevon-completes-509-million-financing-package-for-its-kelso-1-2-solar-projects/

March 11, 2025
Arevon Completes $509 Million Financing Package for its Kelso 1 & 2 Solar Projects in Missouri
Transaction marks the company’s eighth financial close in the last 18 months, totaling more than $3.7 billion.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. and SCOTT COUNTY, Mo. (March 11, 2025) – Arevon Energy, Inc., a leading renewable energy developer, owner and operator, announced it completed a $509 million financial close for the 430 megawatt (MWdc) Kelso 1 & 2 Solar Projects in Scott County, Missouri. This transaction represents Arevon’s eighth project financing in the last 18 months, totaling more than $3.7 billion of funding.
Arevon developed and will build and operate the two-phase Kelso Solar facilities, which are the company’s first utility-scale renewable energy projects in Missouri. Kelso Solar will generate a host of economic benefits in Scott County and surrounding parts, including the creation of an estimated 450 jobs during peak construction to build the project. This surge in activity will positively contribute to the local economy with increased spending at area stores, hotels, and restaurants. When operational, Kelso Solar will disburse more than $34 million to local governments over its multi-decade lifespan, which will support schools, infrastructure, and vital services.
Kelso 1 & 2 Solar’s $509 million financing package is comprised of a $245 million bridge loan, a $172 million construction loan, and $92 million of credit support. Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) was the Administrative Agent, Left Lead Arranger, and Bookrunner. CIBC, Commerzbank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Lloyds Bank, and National Bank of Canada served as the projects’ lenders, Coordinating Lead Arrangers, and Green Loan Coordinators while BNY acted as the Collateral Agent. Sponsor Counsel was provided by Amis, Patel & Brewer, LLP, Lender Counsel by Milbank LLP, Local Counsel by Husch Blackwell, and Lender Local Counsel by BCLP.
“Kelso Solar’s financing is a testament to the close collaboration among all of our financing counterparties, for whom I am grateful for their confidence and trust in Arevon to deliver on our first-class projects,” said Denise Tait, Chief Investment Officer at Arevon. “Arevon’s expanding presence as a top American independent power producer would not be possible without the support of our financial and commercial partners, and I am excited to continue to work together to build a better future through homegrown, responsible energy.”
“CIBC is proud to act as Left Lead Arranger, Coordinating Lead Arranger, Bookrunner, Green Loan Coordinator, and Administrative Agent for the financing of the Kelso Solar Projects,” said Ines Serrao, Managing Director and Head of U.S. Renewables at CIBC. “Supporting leading renewable platforms, such as Arevon, underscores CIBC’s ongoing commitment to the U.S. renewable energy sector, as we work toward enabling a more sustainable economy.”
Arevon is expanding its presence in the Midwestern region of the United States. In addition to the Kelso 1 & 2 Solar Projects, the company is currently constructing four solar projects totaling 744 megawatts in Indiana with capital costs of more than $1.1 billion and has a robust development portfolio of assets in this key market.
“Utility-scale solar projects are essential contributors in strengthening the American economy through the creation of competitive-wage jobs, local tax revenue, and other steady, reliable benefits that enhance communities,” said Kevin Smith, Chief Executive Officer at Arevon. “Kelso Solar will add resilience and security to America’s energy infrastructure, and Arevon looks forward to advancing our development activities in America’s Heartland.”
About Arevon
Arevon Energy, Inc. is a leading renewable energy company, supplying clean, reliable, and cost-effective energy to utilities and businesses across the United States. Headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, and with a regional office in New York City, Arevon’s more than 300 mission-driven employees use innovative approaches and technology to develop, build, finance, own, and operate renewable energy projects. Arevon owns and operates more than 4,500 megawatts (MW) of utility-scale solar, energy storage, and solar-plus-storage projects as well as distributed generation assets in 17 U.S. states. The company is currently constructing more than 1,400 MW of new solar and storage capacity and has a robust development portfolio of more than 6 gigawatts. In the past 18 months, Arevon has completed project financings of more than $3.7 billion. For more information, visit arevonenergy.com.
Media Contact
Blair Matocha, Director of Communications
Arevon Energy, Inc.
bmatocha@arevonenergy.com
(713) 898-1325

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/news/releases/arevon-begins-operations-at-ratts-1-and-heirloom-solar-projectsin-pike-county-indiana/

October 6, 2025
Arevon Begins Operations at Ratts 1 and Heirloom Solar Projects in Pike County, Indiana
The company’s first owned and operational utility-scale projects in the state represent an investment of $400 million and are generating lasting community benefits.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. and PETERSBURG, Ind. (October 6, 2025) — Arevon Energy, Inc., a leading American energy developer, owner, and operator, is pleased to announce that operations are underway at its Ratts 1 and Heirloom Solar projects in Pike County, Indiana. Together, the projects add 264 megawatts (MWdc) of new domestic solar power to the grid and are the company’s first owned and operational utility-scale projects in the Hoosier State.
Ratts 1 and Heirloom represent an investment of nearly $400 million and will disburse more than $86 million to local governments over their lifespans, supporting schools, infrastructure, and other essential public services. The two facilities employed more than 200 full-time equivalent personnel to build the projects and also brought about an increase in spending at local stores, hotels, and restaurants. Ratts 1 Solar is under a long-term power purchase agreement with Indiana Municipal Power Agency (IMPA), and Meta is the offtaker for Heirloom Solar.
Arevon hosted a ribbon-cutting ceremony to celebrate the start of operations at Ratts 1 and Heirloom, which are now producing homegrown, reliable energy and long-term community benefits. Attending the event alongside the Arevon team were public officials, community leaders, landowners, the construction contractor Primoris Renewable Energy, and other project stakeholders. Speaking at the ribbon-cutting were Kevin Smith, Chief Executive Officer at Arevon; Kyle Brouillette, Senior Vice President, Market Operations and Planning at IMPA; Jill Hyneman, Executive Director at Pike County Chamber of Commerce; and Aaron Meyer Principal at Winslow Elementary School. Nikki Jeffers, Director of Development at Arevon, served as the event’s master of ceremonies.
“Ratts 1 and Heirloom are about more than megawatts — they are tangible illustrations of the positive and real impact renewable energy can bring to local communities,” said Smith. “These facilities will produce American-made power for decades, while also supporting Pike County’s economy and quality of life. Arevon is proud to be a long-term partner here, as we continue to invest in Indiana’s future.”
“The Ratts 1 project is a great addition to IMPA’s power supply portfolio,” said Brouillette. “This solar site helps us further diversify our resources, assisting in our mission to provide low-cost, reliable, and environmentally responsible power. We’re glad to be a part of Arevon’s project and celebrate this milestone in energy production.”
“Our county’s legacy in energy production is strong, and now we’re building on that foundation,” said Hyneman. “By welcoming solar investment, Pike County is showing that honoring our past and investing in our future can go hand-in-hand in strengthening our economy, our schools, and our community for generations to come.”
As the long-term owner and operator of Ratts 1 and Heirloom Solar, Arevon is committed to prioritizing community giving throughout the lifecycle of its projects. Arevon’s community giving approach is centered around the following pillars: development and support of education; alleviating food and housing insecurity; and increasing and supporting public health and safety. To date, Arevon has partnered with and supported the following local organizations and initiatives: the Pike County Affordable Housing Program, Jefferson Township Volunteer Fire Department, Elmer Buchta Technology Center, Pike County Chamber of Commerce, Pike County 4-H Fair, Pike County High School Career Fair, among others.
“Pike County is an energy community, and renewable energy sources are a piece of our diversified energy strategy. We are grateful for Arevon’s investment in our area,” said Ashley Willis, MPA, EDFP, Executive Director at the Pike County Economic Development Corporation. “Solar power is a wonderful asset for rural communities, like Pike County, to increase assessed value and has had a positive impact on our tax revenue for our taxing districts.”
Arevon is actively growing its portfolio in the Midwest region of the United States. Besides Ratts 1 and Heirloom, the company is currently constructing the two-phase 430 MWdc Kelso Solar Project in Missouri. In addition, Arevon developed and managed construction of the 251 MWdc Gibson Solar Project in Indiana on behalf of Northern Indiana Public Service Company (NIPSCO) and the 228 MWdc Posey Solar Project in Indiana on behalf of Southern Indiana Gas and Electric Company while ensuring the projects were successfully integrated into each community. Arevon is also actively advancing development on other proposed renewable energy facilities in the region.
About Arevon Energy, Inc.
Arevon is a U.S. energy leader committed to powering America with affordable, reliable, and secure homegrown energy. Headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, and with a regional office in New York City, the company’s experienced and dedicated team develops, finances, builds, owns, and operates renewable energy projects nationwide. With a strong track record in utility-scale solar and energy storage, Arevon is a trusted partner to utilities and businesses seeking cost-effective, sustainable energy solutions. By prioritizing American manufacturing and domestic energy production, the company invests in U.S. jobs, strengthens local economies, and advances the country’s energy independence.
Arevon owns and operates more than 5.5 gigawatts (GW) of solar and energy storage projects across 17 states, representing more than $10 billion in capital investment, and is constructing more than 850 megawatts of new capacity. The company also partnered with local utilities to develop and build 480 megawatts of solar energy, ensuring each project was successfully integrated into their communities. Within the last two years, Arevon has completed $4.5 billion in project financings and closed on a $600 million corporate revolver to fund continued company growth. With a 9 GW development portfolio and continued investment in new projects, Arevon is solidifying its role as a leader in powering an American energy future. For more information, visit www.arevonenergy.com.
Media Contact
Blair Matocha, Senior Director of Communications
Arevon Energy, Inc.
bmatocha@arevonenergy.com
(713) 898-1325

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/technologies/

Technologies
As one of the nation’s leading providers of solar and energy storage solutions, Arevon is responsibly developing and expertly operating a diversified portfolio of advanced renewable energy technologies. We have established strategic partnerships with key suppliers and are committed to maximizing our domestically sourced supply chain.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/portfolio/?tech=distributed-generation

Portfolio
View our success in advancing projects that are shaping the future of energy.
There are no results for you search. Reset Filters
Explore Arevon’s Renewable Energy Projects
We found … matching your search
Resources
Explore a valuable array of resources designed to deepen your understanding of Arevon, our commitment to responsible development and operations, our collaborative partners, and the innovative technologies driving our projects forward.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/portfolio/?tech=solar-plus-storage

Portfolio
View our success in advancing projects that are shaping the future of energy.
There are no results for you search. Reset Filters
Explore Arevon’s Renewable Energy Projects
We found … matching your search
Resources
Explore a valuable array of resources designed to deepen your understanding of Arevon, our commitment to responsible development and operations, our collaborative partners, and the innovative technologies driving our projects forward.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/portfolio/?tech=energy-storage

Portfolio
View our success in advancing projects that are shaping the future of energy.
There are no results for you search. Reset Filters
Explore Arevon’s Renewable Energy Projects
We found … matching your search
Resources
Explore a valuable array of resources designed to deepen your understanding of Arevon, our commitment to responsible development and operations, our collaborative partners, and the innovative technologies driving our projects forward.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/portfolio/?tech=solar

Portfolio
View our success in advancing projects that are shaping the future of energy.
There are no results for you search. Reset Filters
Explore Arevon’s Renewable Energy Projects
We found … matching your search
Resources
Explore a valuable array of resources designed to deepen your understanding of Arevon, our commitment to responsible development and operations, our collaborative partners, and the innovative technologies driving our projects forward.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/partners/

Partners
We prioritize transparency and integrity in our business practices, uphold our commitments, and seek partnerships with those who share our values. Our proven track record and partner-focused approach have established Arevon as one of America’s most trusted leaders in utility-scale solar and both standalone and co-located energy storage systems.
Our Approach
As a renewable energy developer, owner, and operator, we strive to build strong, lasting partnerships that advance affordable, reliable energy solutions while delivering significant value to our partners.
Our Impact
We value our partnerships and the positive impact they are making for people and our planet. Here are some key statistics from our collaborations.
$5 Million
Charitable Giving
Arevon is dedicated to making philanthropic donations in our project communities and to organizations that align with our vision for a sustainable future.
900+
Direct Local Jobs
Solar projects support local labor and domestic supply chains. Arevon’s projects create direct on-site construction jobs for 12 to 18 months, which helps support local restaurants, hotels, and other businesses.
7,300+ MW
Contracted Assets
Arevon has executed more than 7,300 megawatts of renewable energy agreements represented by 160 projects.
Testimonials
I just want to highlight how great of an opportunity and the benefits that the Ratts 1 Solar Project will bring to Pike County. This investment, a multimillion-dollar investment, actually is going to generate millions of dollars of tax revenue for the life of the project. This will also lead to the increased assessed value into Pike County and in return will reduce our tax rates for the citizens of Pike County, which is very important to the locals.
Executive Director, Pike County Economic Development
Our family has farmed this land for 130 years, and solar is the only thing we’d consider using the land for besides farming. It lets the ground rest and regenerate while bringing stability to the farm, preserving it for future generations, and providing economic benefits. Arevon has been a true partner — communicative, boots on the ground, and committed to being here every step of the way. This project will benefit Scott County and the environment alike.
Landowner, Kelso Solar Project
We have a goal of 50% of our power being generated in San Diego County and Imperial County by 2035, and Vikings Energy Farm is a big part of that. So we’re really excited because this a great partnership with Arevon that we’ve developed here.
Chief Commercial Officer, San Diego Community Power

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/partners/communities/

Communities
Arevon is an American company committed to supporting the unique needs and goals of each community that is home to our solar and energy storage projects. We own and operate our projects throughout their entire lifecycle, from early stages through multi-decade operations. When Arevon partners with a community to propose a project, we are dedicated to being active participants, cultivating long-term relationships that respect local values. Transparency and community engagement are fundamental pillars of our project development process.
Value for Communities
Testimonials
Hear directly from community members about their experiences partnering with the Arevon team.
“Working in the renewable energy industry is something I am truly proud of because every day we make meaningful contributions toward a greener world. Arevon is an incredible place to grow and learn thanks to the talented individuals who push each other to greater heights. I am very grateful to work at a company that promotes consistent growth and allows me to tackle exciting challenges.”
“Being part of this team is an incredible joy thanks to the unique culture that prioritizes both collaboration and nurturing each employee’s independent growth. I am inspired by my colleagues who help to make work fulfilling, and our generous benefits show that the company truly values its employees. I couldn’t dream of a better place to work.”
“Day-to-day, I feel energized by the Arevon team’s intelligence, ambition, and sense of humor. Looking into the future, I’m proud of my company’s work, as part of the broader renewable energy industry, to create a better, cleaner future for my daughter and her generation.”
“The complexity of this industry attracts creative problem solvers who are always trying to improve the way we do things. I especially love working at Arevon because there are many opportunities to add value, and the people are so supportive. My job is incredibly fulfilling.”
“I love the support that every Arevon team member provides for each other, and I am ecstatic to have so many of my peers as friends, in and out of work. I especially appreciate working for a company that has a leadership team who supports and values my contributions that ultimately go toward delivering clean energy projects that make a positive impact on our country’s infrastructure.”
“Working at Arevon has been an amazing experience because of the people and the supportive, inclusive culture. I’m lucky to be surrounded by such a hardworking and knowledgeable team, especially as the company and the renewable energy industry continues to grow. The benefits and opportunities for growth are unmatched, but it’s the people and the positive environment that truly make it special.”
Arevon in the Community
Communities Frequently Asked Questions
Communities
How do solar projects benefit local communities?
Solar projects provide steady, reliable benefits for their communities:
- Additional revenue into local communities: Solar projects provide an additional source of tax revenue for schools and other local government services, with little demand for public services themselves. Increased tax revenues from solar projects can also have the added benefit of enabling property taxes to remain low for local homeowners. The American Clean Power Association estimates that utility-scale projects currently pay $925 million annually in state and local tax payments and landowner lease payments – and that number is growing each year.
- Increased energy security and reduced energy costs: Solar projects help diversify our energy mix, adding resilience and security to local energy infrastructure, reducing dependence on imported energy sources while driving down electricity costs.
- Improved environmental health: Solar projects generate reliable energy with zero air emissions for healthier communities. Recent studies have found that this is delivering concrete health benefits and avoiding premature mortalities from air pollution. Furthermore, research has demonstrated solar facilities can reduce chemical applications typically used in farming, improve pollinator habitats, reduce nutrient runoff, and retain stormwater compared to other land uses.
- New jobs: Construction of a solar project requires hundreds of on-site jobs over the course of a year or more. Arevon looks to attract local workers or contract with local businesses to support the construction and operation of its solar facilities. The solar industry employs more than 279,000 (and growing!) Americans across the U.S., and the manufacturing industry is increasing production capabilities within the U.S. to support the local supply chain.
How do energy storage projects benefit local communities?
Energy storage brings a number of benefits to communities:
- Minimization of power outages: Energy storage increases grid flexibility and helps provide uninterrupted power — including during extreme weather events.
- Electricity cost reduction: Storing energy when electricity prices are low and then discharging when demand is high increases supply during peak periods as well as helps lower overall costs.
- Grid resiliency: Energy storage enhances reliability, ensuring the seamless delivery of electricity to consumers and businesses especially when they need it most.
- Increased viability of affordable energy: Energy storage enables powering the grid using low-cost renewables, even when the sun is not shining.
- Local economic support: Energy storage projects boost local economies and broaden tax bases. U.S. utility-scale energy storage projects deliver more than $580 million annually to local communities in the form of tax revenue and land lease payments. The rapidly growing industry currently supports more than 75,000 jobs through development, construction, and maintenance of storage facilities.
Does Arevon engage with the community when developing solar and energy storage projects?
Our team works with local citizens and officials to align each solar and energy storage project with the long-term goals and interests of their community. We ensure that our solar projects generate homegrown energy as well as benefit the communities around them.
Giving communities a voice is a pillar of our project development process. As a long-term owner and operator of our projects, Arevon is also committed to the partners and communities we serve from the early stages of a project through to construction and then operations. We have a dedicated Community Relations team who works closely with our neighbors across the full project lifecycle to maximize the positive social impacts of our projects.
Where does the power generated by a solar project go?
The power from a utility-scale solar project will feed into the local grid via preexisting transmission lines and provide a new, sustainable source of energy, enhancing a region’s energy diversification and reliability. Since electricity flows to areas that are closest with energy demand, the power produced at a solar project will likely be used locally or statewide, based on the needs of the region.
What is the benefit to the community if they are not the direct recipients of the electricity?
All solar projects collectively help decarbonize our country’s electric grid, lower our overall electricity costs, and contribute to our nation’s energy independence and security. There are many end users of the electricity that flows from our nation’s electric grids, including both residential and business customers. This is true for electricity generated by fossil fuel plants as well as large-scale solar projects.
The electricity generated by a utility-scale solar project flows and is sold into the local electric grid, exactly the same as a fossil fuel electric plant. A good analogy is water in a pipe. The electricity from a solar project goes into the “water pipe” and mixes with electricity from other sources. Sometimes the electricity is indeed “financially earmarked” for a business customer, but at the end of the day, whomever “opens their faucet” gets a mix of electricity from different sources — unless they are located directly adjacent to a solar project.
Additionally, the local community will be the beneficiary of the increased tax revenues generated by a renewable energy project.
How do solar projects help farmers?
Leasing land for solar development creates a host of benefits for family farms. Financially, rental income creates a predictable, long-term revenue stream that allows family farms to finance growth and plan for succession, keeping land in the family for generations. The revenue provides a diversified income, along with the farming activities on other land owned by the family.
Solar projects can also improve and preserve the health of the land for future agriculture. “Resting” the ground can return it to a better condition at the end of the project’s useful life, similar to fallowed parcels under United States Department of Agriculture’s Conservation Reserve Program.
Solar energy is also critical to mitigating the detrimental effects that climate change is having on America’s farmland. A Stanford University study says climate change has caused a 21% drop in potential farm productivity over the last 60 years.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/partners/landowners/

Landowners
As America looks to increase our homegrown renewable energy, your land is more valuable than ever. Landowners across the country are seeing first-hand how leasing a portion of their land for solar or energy storage projects creates a diversified and dependable income stream today and for generations to come. Interested in leasing your land?
Value for Landowners
Partnering With Arevon
Your land is in good hands. As a long-term owner and operator of our projects, we value our relationships with landowner partners, and it shows in our track record and reputation — from being good stewards and respecting your land to ensuring lease payments are made on time.
Landowner Frequently Asked Questions
Landowner
How much land is needed for a utility-scale solar project?
1 megawatt of solar-generated power typically requires about 6 acres of suitable land, depending on local characteristics of the property. Arevon seeks to develop solar projects 100 megawatts or larger in size; however, each project may include multiple landowners.
How much land is needed for a utility-scale battery energy storage project?
Energy storage systems take up very little land for the amount of power they store and deliver. On average, they require just 200 to 300 square feet, or about 0.005 to 0.007 acres, per megawatt-hour (MWh) of capacity. For example, Arevon’s 400 MWh Peregrine Energy Storage Project in San Diego, California, occupies only 3.7 acres.
How much energy is produced by a utility-scale solar project?
The current national average of homes powered annually by 1 megawatt of solar is 174 U.S. homes.
How much energy is produced by a utility-scale battery energy storage project?
Utility-scale battery storage delivers electricity to the grid when it is needed most, during periods of peak demand. How many homes a battery system can support depends on its size and how much electricity homes use in that state during peak hours. For example, Arevon’s 1,200 megawatt-hour Eland battery storage system in California can power about 385,600 homes for four hours during peak demand, without recharging.
Is Arevon’s land contract structure with landowners a lease or purchase agreement?
Arevon’s preference is a lease contract structure. A landowner should expect a multi-year land option to cover both the project due diligence (i.e., development phase) and construction periods, followed by the exercise of a long-term land lease throughout the operations term of a project.
How much lease income would my land generate?
Land payments vary by geography as determined by local site conditions and the market cost of land. Arevon is committed to partnering with landowners to ensure competitive compensation for the long-term use of your land. Additionally, Arevon is committed to open and transparent relationships with landowners. We have a standard lease that provides the same terms to all landowners within the project footprint.
What is the typical lifetime of a project, and what happens at the end of its life?
A solar or energy storage project’s lifespan is typically 35 to 40 years. At the end of the term, Arevon would be contractually responsible for removing all the equipment that is located on your site and returning the land to its original condition. If there is an opportunity to propose another project, or extend the lease past the contracted term, we would consult with the landowner to see if an extension is of interest to the family.
What happens if I sell my land?
If you sell the land during the lease period, the lease agreement and payments would be assigned to the new landowner once the sale is complete.
Who maintains the project?
Once constructed, Arevon’s internal dedicated operations and maintenance (O&M) team would be responsible for maintaining the site throughout the lifetime of the project.
Who is responsible for property taxes related to the energy project?
You will not be responsible for increased personal or real property taxes as a result of a project being constructed on your property. Arevon is contractually responsible for working with the local assessor to handle tax assessments related to the energy facility.
What type of land is needed for a solar project?
Flat and cleared land on sunny, nonshaded plots in close proximity to transmission lines or a substation is ideal, but Arevon also considers land with minor buildability obstacles, including slight inclines and non-contiguous parcels.
What type of land is needed for an energy storage project?
Energy storage facilities are located in urban centers as well as rural and remote areas, usually where the grid can best use extra power during times of peak demand. Today, more than 40 gigawatts of utility-scale energy storage are operating across the United States, from arctic cold to desert heat, with each project designed for the specific location, community, and role it serves.
Do You Want to Discuss Leasing Your Land for a Solar or Energy Storage Project?
Testimonials
Hear directly from community members about their experiences partnering with the Arevon team.
“Working in the renewable energy industry is something I am truly proud of because every day we make meaningful contributions toward a greener world. Arevon is an incredible place to grow and learn thanks to the talented individuals who push each other to greater heights. I am very grateful to work at a company that promotes consistent growth and allows me to tackle exciting challenges.”
“Being part of this team is an incredible joy thanks to the unique culture that prioritizes both collaboration and nurturing each employee’s independent growth. I am inspired by my colleagues who help to make work fulfilling, and our generous benefits show that the company truly values its employees. I couldn’t dream of a better place to work.”
“Day-to-day, I feel energized by the Arevon team’s intelligence, ambition, and sense of humor. Looking into the future, I’m proud of my company’s work, as part of the broader renewable energy industry, to create a better, cleaner future for my daughter and her generation.”
“The complexity of this industry attracts creative problem solvers who are always trying to improve the way we do things. I especially love working at Arevon because there are many opportunities to add value, and the people are so supportive. My job is incredibly fulfilling.”
“I love the support that every Arevon team member provides for each other, and I am ecstatic to have so many of my peers as friends, in and out of work. I especially appreciate working for a company that has a leadership team who supports and values my contributions that ultimately go toward delivering clean energy projects that make a positive impact on our country’s infrastructure.”
“Working at Arevon has been an amazing experience because of the people and the supportive, inclusive culture. I’m lucky to be surrounded by such a hardworking and knowledgeable team, especially as the company and the renewable energy industry continues to grow. The benefits and opportunities for growth are unmatched, but it’s the people and the positive environment that truly make it special.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/partners/customers/

Customers
At Arevon, we understand that energy buyers encounter unique complexities in achieving their energy and sustainability goals. Our in-house team of energy experts is dedicated to assessing your specific needs and crafting tailored, holistic renewable power contracts that align with your business objectives.
Tailored Solutions for Your Unique Needs
Partner with us to navigate the intricacies of renewable energy procurement, which is not a one-size-fits-all approach. As your trusted energy advisor, Arevon provides personalized solutions that cater to your company’s needs and geographic considerations. Together, we can build a strategy with comprehensive assessments and market insights that not only meets your energy needs but also drives sustainability and cost efficiency for your organization.
Meet a Few of our Partners
Arevon has executed power purchase agreements and build transfer agreements with utilities, corporates, and other
entities. Meet a few of our customers, all with unique energy and business goals.
MCE
MCE, a community choice energy provider supplying services to more than 1.5 million residents and businesses in 38 member communities, signed a long-term agreement for 188 megawatts (MW) of Arevon’s 250 MW Cormorant Energy Storage Project in order to support clean, reliable, and affordable electricity service to the homes and businesses they serve.
Meta
Two long-term commercial contracts for Arevon’s 349 megawatt (MWac) Kelso Solar Project in Missouri will help Meta achieve their goal of meeting 100% of their energy demand with renewable power.
NIPSCO
Once the 200 megawatt (MWac) Gibson Solar Project completes construction, Northern Indiana Public Service Company (NIPSCO) will own and operate the facility under a build transfer agreement with Arevon.
NV Energy
A long-term power purchase agreement with Arevon for electricity from its 300 megawatt (MWac) Eagle Shadow Mountain Solar Project located on the Moapa River Indian Reservation in Clark County, Nevada, is helping NV Energy meet their renewable portfolio standard goals.
San Diego Community Power
Arevon and San Diego Community Power (Community Power) executed a long-term commercial contract for the Vikings Solar-plus-Storage Project, one of the first solar peaker plants in the United States. The project, which is comprised of 137 megawatts (MWac) of solar and 150 MW of energy storage, will deliver resource adequacy and renewable energy to Community Power, helping them meet peak summer demand and support grid reliability.
MCE
MCE, a community choice energy provider supplying services to more than 1.5 million residents and businesses in 38 member communities, signed a long-term agreement for 188 megawatts (MW) of Arevon’s 250 MW Cormorant Energy Storage Project in order to support clean, reliable, and affordable electricity service to the homes and businesses they serve.
Our Impact
We value our partnerships and the impact they have on advancing solutions for a stronger American energy future. Here are some key statistics from our collaborations.
Customers
Strategic Partnerships
Arevon contracts with prominent utility and corporate buyers.
7,300
Contracted Assets
Arevon has executed more than 7,300 megawatts of long-term offtake contracts with a diverse group of investment grade counterparties.
$5.1+ Billion
Project Financing
Arevon has raised more than $5.1 billion in project financing in 2024 and 2025.
Updated February 2026
Testimonials
Hear directly from community members about their experiences partnering with the Arevon team.
“Working in the renewable energy industry is something I am truly proud of because every day we make meaningful contributions toward a greener world. Arevon is an incredible place to grow and learn thanks to the talented individuals who push each other to greater heights. I am very grateful to work at a company that promotes consistent growth and allows me to tackle exciting challenges.”
“Being part of this team is an incredible joy thanks to the unique culture that prioritizes both collaboration and nurturing each employee’s independent growth. I am inspired by my colleagues who help to make work fulfilling, and our generous benefits show that the company truly values its employees. I couldn’t dream of a better place to work.”
“Day-to-day, I feel energized by the Arevon team’s intelligence, ambition, and sense of humor. Looking into the future, I’m proud of my company’s work, as part of the broader renewable energy industry, to create a better, cleaner future for my daughter and her generation.”
“The complexity of this industry attracts creative problem solvers who are always trying to improve the way we do things. I especially love working at Arevon because there are many opportunities to add value, and the people are so supportive. My job is incredibly fulfilling.”
“I love the support that every Arevon team member provides for each other, and I am ecstatic to have so many of my peers as friends, in and out of work. I especially appreciate working for a company that has a leadership team who supports and values my contributions that ultimately go toward delivering clean energy projects that make a positive impact on our country’s infrastructure.”
“Working at Arevon has been an amazing experience because of the people and the supportive, inclusive culture. I’m lucky to be surrounded by such a hardworking and knowledgeable team, especially as the company and the renewable energy industry continues to grow. The benefits and opportunities for growth are unmatched, but it’s the people and the positive environment that truly make it special.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/news/

Releases
Release
November 19, 2025
Arevon’s 124 Megawatt Big Muddy Solar Project Advances Construction in Illinois
The company’s $200 million facility is set to deliver American-made energy and long-term economic growth in Jackson County.
Release
November 18, 2025
CSUDH, Arevon Launch Second Annual Renewable Energy Fellowship and Competition
CSUDH partners with Arevon to launch the second annual Renewable Energy Innovation Fellows Program and the Arevon Applied Innovation Renewable Energy Competition.
Release
October 8, 2025
Arevon Ranks as Top Performer for Environmental, Social, and Governance by GRESB Benchmark Report
The company earned the No. 1 ranking in the Americas for Renewable Energy: Solar Power Generation and the No. 3 global ranking among all solar companies.
Press
Insights
Insight
January 28, 2026
Powering America With Purpose
Insight
January 7, 2026
The Facts About Battery Energy Storage System Safety
Insight
December 3, 2025
The Future of American Energy Depends on the Communities That Host It
Insight
November 17, 2025
The Power Beneath the Panels: How Pollinator Habitat Helps Feed America
Insight
November 4, 2025
The Full Lifecycle of Solar: How Arevon Keeps Panels Out of Landfills
Media Inquiries
Please contact Blair Matocha,
Senior Director of Communications,
at bmatocha@arevonenergy.com.
Media Kit
Explore Arevon’s Media Kit to access our logo, photos, and videos.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/news/releases/

Release
November 19, 2025
Arevon’s 124 Megawatt Big Muddy Solar Project Advances Construction in Illinois
The company’s $200 million facility is set to deliver American-made energy and long-term economic growth in Jackson County.
Release
November 19, 2025
The company’s $200 million facility is set to deliver American-made energy and long-term economic growth in Jackson County.
Release
November 18, 2025
CSUDH partners with Arevon to launch the second annual Renewable Energy Innovation Fellows Program and the Arevon Applied Innovation Renewable Energy Competition.
Release
October 8, 2025
The company earned the No. 1 ranking in the Americas for Renewable Energy: Solar Power Generation and the No. 3 global ranking among all solar companies.
Release
October 6, 2025
The company’s first owned and operational utility-scale projects in the state represent an investment of $400 million and are generating lasting community benefits.
Release
September 8, 2025
With 5.3 gigawatts of renewable energy operating, 1 gigawatt under construction, and an expanding 9 gigawatt pipeline, Arevon is scaling to meet historic U.S. electricity demand and strengthen America’s energy security.
Release
September 3, 2025
Transaction supports Arevon’s deployment of American-made energy in its growing Midwest portfolio and adds to the company’s industry leading $4.5 billion in total project financings secured over the last two years.
Release
August 6, 2025
One of the largest solar-plus-storage installations in the U.S., the landmark Eland project will generate 7% of Los Angeles’s electricity and deliver homegrown, reliable power to more than 266,000 homes annually.
Release
July 31, 2025
Nighthawk will increase grid resilience and stability, positively contribute to the Poway economy, and reduce electricity costs by supporting the integration of more homegrown renewable energy for San Diego area consumers.
Release
July 30, 2025
The Peregrine project strengthens energy security for American families and businesses, ensuring energy is available when it is needed most while reducing price spikes and outages.
Release
July 28, 2025
Arevon placed in the top 5% of solar companies nationwide and obtained the #1 developer ranking in California, reaffirming its position as a leading solar developer and operator.
Release
July 1, 2025
Funding will enable Arevon to further expand its development portfolio of solar and energy storage assets and enhance the performance of its high-yielding operational assets.
Release
June 25, 2025
The Peregrine project dispatches on-demand power when it is needed most in the San Diego area, helps keep peak energy prices stable, and reduces brownouts and blackouts.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/news/press/

Press
December 30, 2025
Press
December 30, 2025
Press
November 20, 2025
Press
November 18, 2025
Press
November 18, 2025
Press
November 17, 2025
Press
November 4, 2025
Press
October 6, 2025
Press
September 29, 2025
Press
September 22, 2025
Press
September 9, 2025
Press
August 6, 2025
Press
August 1, 2025

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://arevonenergy.com/news/blog/

InsightDecember 3, 2025The Future of American Energy Depends on the Communities That Host It Read More
InsightNovember 17, 2025The Power Beneath the Panels: How Pollinator Habitat Helps Feed America Read More
InsightNovember 4, 2025The Full Lifecycle of Solar: How Arevon Keeps Panels Out of Landfills Read More
InsightAugust 19, 2025A Real-Life Story of How Solar Is Powering a Stronger Missouri Community Read More
InsightAugust 5, 2025Keeping the Lights On in Los Angeles: Inside One of America’s Largest Solar-plus-Storage Projects Read More
InsightJune 10, 2025Powering America’s Future, Protecting Its Past: The Story of California Flats Solar-plus-Storage Read More

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------