ROOT: https://globalpossibilities.org/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:09:44.251154Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 19

================================================================================

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/

Mystery of dancing spidersR...
It’s not just the dazzling colours and slick moves of Australia’s dancing spiders that make them special.
read moreIt’s not just the dazzling colours and slick moves of Australia’s dancing spiders that make them special.
read moreComedian Jimmy Kimmel’s chances of returning to his late-night perch looked increasingly slim Thursday…
read moreCorporate silence on climate policy puts profits and people at risk
read moreA timeline of false “gender ideology” claims about the Charlie Kirk shooting.
read moreA Supreme Court majority voted to convict the ex-leader for a plot to stay in power.
read moreWhy Some Farmers Are Stuck Raising Crops That No Longer Thrive
read moreFORT BRAGG, U.S. — In 2024, I was scuba diving in Northern California’s Casper Cove where the Watermen’s Alliance, a group of ex-abalone sports divers, has been culling purple urchins since 2020.
read moreThe stage is set for a packed primary race, which already includes state Assemblyman Micah Lasher and non-profit leader Liam Elkind.
read moreAfter a decade and more than 16 tries, state lawmakers will send to the governor’s desk an anti-trans bill, which restricts access to public facilities and places a $25,000 fine on the first violation.
read moreWildlife and wild places are facing pressing global threats…
read moreDoctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is on the ground in over 70 countries.
read moreWhen the nonprofit Data for Indigenous Justice filed public records requests with the Alaska Department of Public Safety concerning cases it had investigated, the state rejected them.
read moreGovernment trolls spread cruel memes and “textbook propaganda” on behalf of Trump.
read moreOur urban areas are hubs of heat and increased energy consumption. But efforts are in play all over the world to help us turn down the heat.
read moreThis Q&A is an installment of Houston Landing’s Who are HOU?
read moreIn the hours after one of his students was apprehended by federal immigration agents, Hedin Bernard was on the phone nearly nonstop.
read moreProPublica identified more than 150 products that were exempted from import bans since 2013. Our list provides the names of the drugs or ingredients and their manufacturers, many of which are no longer banned.
read moreLike many such confabs before it, the Aug. 15, 2025, Alaska red carpet rollout for Russian President Vladimir Putin is classic Donald Trump
read moreThat was when she was a founding fellow of the Bernie Sanders Institute.
read moreAn Extreme Heat Warning remains in effect for the Willamette Valley, Columbia River Gorge, and portions of central Oregon.
read moreFires threaten a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Spain as temperatures hit new records.
read moreThe dispute over the cancellation of a coal mine comes as governments face hundreds of billions of dollars in exposure to claims from foreign investors over fossil fuel phaseouts.
read moreMaine has had success in adopting heat pumps across the state, and jobs have grown quickly — particularly in rural areas.
read moreClean energy is creating new jobs in rural America, generating opportunities for people who install solar panels, build wind turbines, weatherize homes and more.
read moreNavigating corporate biodiversity and protecting ecosystems
read more
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/coal-company-sues-uk-after-environmentalists-win-major-climate-case-in-british-court/

Coal Company Sues UK After Environmentalists Win Major Climate Case in British Court
Fossil Fuels
The dispute over the cancellation of a coal mine comes as governments face hundreds of billions of dollars in exposure to claims from foreign investors over fossil fuel phaseouts.
A coal company is pushing back against the United Kingdom after a British court canceled a proposed mine due to a flawed accounting of its potential climate impacts.
On Friday, the mine’s Singaporean and U.K. investors initiated arbitration proceedings against the British government based on a 1975 treaty between the U.K. and Singapore that allows foreign companies to bypass national courts and challenge governmental policies before panels of arbitrators, part of a little-known but powerful system embedded in thousands of international investment agreements and contracts.
Last September, a British court struck down a planning permit for the underground mine, agreeing with environmentalists that the government had failed to consider the project’s climate impact, as required by U.K. law. West Cumbria Mining had argued that its mine would not increase greenhouse gas emissions because, among other reasons, the company would purchase carbon credits.
The project would have been the U.K.’s first new coal mine in 30 years. According to court documents, burning the coal extracted from the mine over its lifetime would have pumped about 220 million tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere, an amount roughly equivalent to the annual emissions of Spain.
Neither West Cumbria Mining nor its lawyer responded to requests for comment, and the legal document initiating the arbitration is not publicly available as of Monday. Earlier this year, the company abandoned its permit application for the mine.
A U.K. government spokesperson said in a written statement, “We don’t comment on ongoing legal proceedings.”
The arbitration claim was brought in a system known as investor-state dispute settlement, or ISDS. It comes as a growing number of mining and oil and gas companies are using ISDS to seek hundreds of millions to billions of dollars in response to governments’ policies aimed at protecting the environment and human rights, including plans to phase out fossil fuels.
It’s unclear how much in damages West Cumbria Mining is seeking in the new arbitration. Unlike in most court cases, public participation and access to information in ISDS is limited: The amount some companies seek or win in awards and the very existence of some cases is kept private. A 2023 report from a former United Nations special rapporteur on the human right to a healthy environment said close to one-third of fossil fuel ISDS cases are settled, with settlement documents kept confidential from the public.
The way that ISDS is built into investment treaties and contracts gives foreign businesses expansive rights. They can seek huge amounts of compensation from governments—including unearned future profits—if they believe the value of their investment has been harmed. When foreign companies prevail, taxpayers foot the bill.
Supporters of ISDS say it protects foreign investors from biased national courts and encourages investment in developing countries, though there is no conclusive evidence supporting that assertion.
Critics say ISDS itself is biased, with a thumb on the scale for companies: Only companies can initiate claims against governments, not the other way around. Most arbitrators are corporate lawyers, and they’re not barred from also representing investors before the system or acting as paid expert witnesses.
Last year, a multipart investigation by Inside Climate News showed that oil, gas and mining companies turning to ISDS have won billions of dollars in compensation from governments, with developing countries most impacted. The series noted that cases targeting climate action represented the newest wave of suits.
West Cumbria Mining’s arbitration claim against the U.K. is the latest indicator that the system is a major hurdle to efforts combating climate change, according to Tom Wills, director of Trade Justice Movement, a U.K.-based coalition of charities working on trade issues.
“Unless we have government action to move against the ISDS system, climate policies will be completely unaffordable because governments will be forced to factor in huge amounts of compensation paid into fossil fuel companies,” Wills said.
This story is funded by readers like you.
Our nonprofit newsroom provides award-winning climate coverage free of charge and advertising. We rely on donations from readers like you to keep going. Please donate now to support our work.
Researchers have estimated that the value of oil and gas projects covered by ISDS treaties could cost governments as much as $340 billion. The assessment does not include an estimate for coal mining investments.
While not all ISDS claims are made public, there have already been several high-profile arbitrations over governments’ climate policies, including a $15 billion claim filed by a Canadian pipeline developer against the U.S. government over cancellation of a permit for the Keystone XL pipeline; a $20 billion claim filed by a U.S. energy company over Canada’s quashing of a liquified natural gas project; and a claim, damage amount redacted, brought by a Swiss investor against Germany over its coal phaseout.
In that case, the Swiss company, Azienda Elettrica Ticinese, said in the filing that the case is about “the very basic question of who should bear the consequences after a fundamental change of policy.” The company argues that the early shutdown of the coal plant means shareholders will not recoup their investment or make a profit. “If a State forces an investor to sacrifice its lawful investment for the public benefit, then the State has to pay compensation,” the company said in its request for arbitration.
Azienda Elettrica Ticinese did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Legal experts and activists say costly claims are why the mere threat of an ISDS arbitration can create “regulatory chill,” meaning governments might avoid enacting environmental protections out of fear they could face expensive judgments.
That’s a major problem, according to two recent international court opinions. In July, both the International Court of Justice and the Inter-American Court of Human Rights issued advisory opinions affirming that governments have binding legal obligations to urgently address climate change. Both rulings, either in the main opinion or in a judge’s individual statement, indicate that ISDS treaties can have a chilling effect on governments’ climate actions.
Astrid Puentes Riaño, the current U.N. special rapporteur on the human right to a healthy environment, described the West Cumbria Mining claim against the U.K. as “backwards” and out of step with the urgent need to tackle climate change.
“To safeguard the public and the planet, this type of litigation protecting private interests needs to be stopped—as the world’s court concluded,” Puentes Riaño said, referring to the International Court of Justice.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, a body of hundreds of scientists charged with advising governments on climate change, has also identified ISDS as a hurdle to necessary climate action.
Wills compared the growing number of climate-related ISDS claims to a similar wave of earlier arbitrations filed by tobacco companies over governments’ health regulations, like warning labels on cigarettes.
“As we start to have more policies to respond to the urgency of climate change, fossil fuel companies will reach for whatever tools are available to them,” Wills said.
His organization, other advocacy groups and legal experts have been calling on governments to more speedily reform the ISDS system. “They are moving at glacial pace,” Wills said of those efforts.
The United States, Canada and several European countries have moved to limit their exposure to ISDS in recent years. Last year, the U.K. became the 10th country to withdraw from the Energy Charter Treaty, a pan-European pact often used by energy companies to sue governments. But such withdrawals do nothing to abolish the “sunset clauses” in many ISDS treaties that allow companies to bring claims for decades after withdrawal.
Many of the wealthy nations limiting their own exposure to ISDS have sought to maintain their ISDS treaties with developing countries, which are often sued by companies from North America, Europe and Australia. U.K. companies, Wills said, are the third most-active users of ISDS.
This story was updated Aug. 11, 2025, with comments from Astrid Puentes Riaño, the U.N. special rapporteur on the human right to a healthy environment.
About This Story
Perhaps you noticed: This story, like all the news we publish, is free to read. That’s because Inside Climate News is a 501c3 nonprofit organization. We do not charge a subscription fee, lock our news behind a paywall, or clutter our website with ads. We make our news on climate and the environment freely available to you and anyone who wants it.
That’s not all. We also share our news for free with scores of other media organizations around the country. Many of them can’t afford to do environmental journalism of their own. We’ve built bureaus from coast to coast to report local stories, collaborate with local newsrooms and co-publish articles so that this vital work is shared as widely as possible.
Two of us launched ICN in 2007. Six years later we earned a Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting, and now we run the oldest and largest dedicated climate newsroom in the nation. We tell the story in all its complexity. We hold polluters accountable. We expose environmental injustice. We debunk misinformation. We scrutinize solutions and inspire action.
Donations from readers like you fund every aspect of what we do. If you don’t already, will you support our ongoing work, our reporting on the biggest crisis facing our planet, and help us reach even more readers in more places?
Please take a moment to make a tax-deductible donation. Every one of them makes a difference.
Thank you,
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/tag/foreign-investors/

Coal Company Sues UK After Env...
The dispute over the cancellation of a coal mine comes as governments face hundreds of billions of dollars in exposure to claims from foreign investors over fossil fuel phaseouts.
read moreThe dispute over the cancellation of a coal mine comes as governments face hundreds of billions of dollars in exposure to claims from foreign investors over fossil fuel phaseouts.
read more[Translate] REUTERS/Danny Moloshok By Kate Yoder GRIST From Shutter Island to Manatee Island, Leonardo DiCaprio keeps winning our...
read more
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/category/casey-coates-danson-design-projects/

No Results Found
The page you requested could not be found. Try refining your search, or use the navigation above to locate the post.
The page you requested could not be found. Try refining your search, or use the navigation above to locate the post.
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/about-us-2/

About Us
MISSION
Buildings are responsible for almost half of all greenhouse gas emissions in the United States. We are intent on showing that a collaborative effort – government leaders, architects, regulatory agencies and building suppliers, NGO’s – can all work together to avert a climate crisis through policy change and education?
WHO WE ARE
Today, Global Possibilities’ mission has expanded to include a new blog-type website, where we aggregate important news daily. We also have an ENVIRO NEWS column on the ALTERNET.ORG site under Environment where you will find other important news pertaining to design, architecture, the world, politics, labor, visionaries, activism, energy, food, health, the economy and environmental issues.
Comments are always welcome and we encourage others to send us their blogs to add to our site.
ABOUT GLOBAL POSSIBILITIES
When President Carter was in the White House promoting solar tax credits, Casey Coates Danson was a student of Environmental Design at Parsons in New York. Solar was a hot issue and a sensible solution to our polluting industrial society. Almost thirty years later we are still working hard to incorporate solar into our day-to-day lives.
In 1996 Ms. Danson founded Global Possibilities (GP), an environmental non-profit organization to encourage environmental stewardship through the increased use of solar energy in the U.S. to reduce America’s dependence on fossil fuels and to mitigate climate change. Similar to the student that she was over 25 years ago, she immersed herself in research.
In 1997 Global Possibilities and UC Santa Barbara co-hosted the US Solar and Renewable Energy Policy Symposium entitled “The Back Burner Status of Solar” attended by leading experts from government, utilities, business and environmental organizations examining renewable energy markets, the current business climate, including transportation, land use planning and technology development. The final consensus among participants was the need for education and a common language.
GP continued hosting national and regional conferences for schools of architecture, planning and design, encouraging them to create sustainable design curriculum under the program the National Education Initiative for a Solar Future.
GP brought together 40 deans and chairs of architecture schools for their second annual symposium entitled “Rethinking Design Curriculum” held at the Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum, Smithsonian Institution in New York City in conjunction with their Under the Sun Exhibit of Light. Summary documents of these and our subsequent symposium proceedings, including research and results, are available in PDF form on this website in the Educational Archives tab in the footer.
In partnership with the Environmental Media Association, GP also participated in public outreach through briefings for writers of film and TV to encourage them to include environmental messages in their programming.
GP worked with the California Energy Commission in creating the documentary “This Renewable House” for PBS, which aired on KCET –TV. Ms. Danson has also been interviewed on radio and TV — A&E’s House Beautiful, the Discovery Channel’s Healthy Homes, and several major feature articles in Natural Home magazine showcasing homes she designed with the environment in mind.
Danson also executive produced a one-hour award winning documentary film “Who’s Got The Power?” As a cogent, incisive documentary, filmed on three continents, Who’s Got The Power? examines some of the increasingly vital planetary issues of our day. Ms. Danson brilliantly presents us with a rare, optimistic and inspiring documentary on the subject of solutions to climate change. The film is available on Amazon.com
Powerful, enduring, reliable and accessible worldwide, the sun is our greatest energy resource. The sun’s solar energy can supplement or replace the limited and costly fossil fuels we now use, reduce our dependence on the utility grid, and stem the tide of global warming even if we accomplished that with one photovoltaic panel at a time.
Today, GP’s focus has expanded to a new blog-type website to get the message out to the world at large that our climate crisis is putting our home – planet earth and our way of life in peril and that we need to move at warp speed before we hit the tipping point of global climate change by all working together.
WHO WE ARE
Today, Global Possibilities’ mission has expanded to include a new blog-type website, where we aggregate important news daily. We also have an ENVIRO NEWS column on the ALTERNET.ORG site under Environment where you will find other important news pertaining to design, architecture,the world, politics, labor, visionaries, activism, energy, food, health, the economy and environmental issues.
Comments are always welcome and we encourage others to send us their blogs to add to our site.
PRINCIPLES
Casey Coates Danson, Director and Founder
casey@globalpossibilities.org
As the mother of two children and with a strong sense of stewardship for the Earth, Ms. Danson established Global Possibilities in 1996 as a national solar/renewable energy advocate to promote the use of solar energy in the built environment as a viable and natural alternative to fossil fuels. Prior to that, Casey co-founded with her former husband, the American Oceans Campaign (AOC), a non-profit response and advocacy group for the protection of our oceans which has since merged with Oceana.
Ms. Danson served on the Board of Governors of Parsons School of Design, the Board of Directors of the Southern California Institute of Architecture (SCI-ARC), was Chair of the Board of Directors of the Environmental Media Association (EMA) which allowed her to interface with Hollywood writers and show runners to educate them in environmental messages to include in scripts; an Honorary Board member of the Institute of American Indian Arts Foundation (IAIA) and was on the Advisory Board of the Jimmy Carter Work Project in Los Angeles.
Ms. Danson received her BFA in Environmental Design from Parsons School of Design, graduating with honors in 1975 during the Carter years when solar tax incentives were in place and architectural design emphasis was on sustainability. She is known for her design of solar powered homes and has been widely published.
ADVISORY BOARD
Donald W. Aitken, Ph.D.
DONALD AITKEN ASSOCIATES
Consulting Scientist & Renewable Energy Policy Expert
Dr. Aikken is an internationally renowned consultant and speaker on renewable energy applications, policy and sustainable architecture. He has been a staff research physicist at Stanford University, Chairman of the Department of Environmental Studies at San Jose State University, and an Affiliate Faculty Member at the Frank Lloyd Wright School of Architecture.
Dr. Aitken has designed award winning energy efficient and solar buildings, and teaches professional workshops for architects on energy efficient design, solar energy residential design, and daylighting design of commercial buildings. He is preparing material for a book on Frank Lloyd Wright’s contribution to daylighting in architecture.
Dr. Aitken has twice served as national Chairman of the American Solar Energy Society and has twice directed the national solar energy conferences. He has been Executive Director of the Western Regional Solar Energy Center for the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE).
In 1991, Dr. Aitken joined the Energy Department of the Union of Concerned Scientists as Senior Staff Scientist carrying on his earlier DOE policy work in energy efficiency and renewable energy technology and economics with a current emphasis on the use of renewable energy in the electric utility sector.
He has over 100 publications in these various fields.
Ed Begley, Jr.
Actor / Environmental Advocate
http://www.edbegley.com
Environmental lawyer and long-time friend, Bobby Kennedy, Jr. has said “Ed has a greater sense of social obligation than anyone I know. He’s like a West Coast cadet who gets up every morning and says ‘reporting for duty’”. He currently lives near Los Angeles in a self-sufficient home powered by solar energy.
Turning up at Hollywood events on his bicycle, Ed has been considered an environmental leader in the Hollywood community for many years. He has served as chairman of the Environmental Media Association, and the Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy. He still serves on those boards, as well as the Thoreau Institute, the Earth Communications Office, Tree People and Friends of the Earth, among many others,
His work in the environmental community has earned him a number of awards from some of the most prestigious environmental groups in the nation, including the California League of Conservation Voters, the Natural Resources Defense Council, The Coalition for Clean Air, Heal the Bay and the Santa Monica Baykeeper.
Begley was inspired by the works of his Academy Award-winning father, Ed Begley, Jr. to become an actor. He first came to audiences’ attention for his portrayal of Dr. Victor Ehrlich on the long-running hit television series, “St. Elsewhere,” for which he received six Emmy nominations. Begley’s feature film credits include Christopher Guest’s, “A Mighty Wind”, “Batman Forever,” “Greedy,” “The Accidental Tourist” and “The In-Laws.”
On television Begley is currently starring in “Kingdom Hospital”, the new Stephen King mini-series on ABC and has recurring roles on “Six Feet Under” and “7th Heaven.” He also guest starred in such series as “The West Wing,” “The Practice,” “The Drew Carey Show,” “Touched By an Angel,” and “Providence.” And he has numerous motion pictures for television credits. Begley also starred in the West Coast premiere of David Mamet’s “Cryptogram,” at the Geffen Playhouse, in the role that he originated in Boston and then in New York.
Ed’s Favorite Contact Numbers
Environmental Media Association (310) 446-6244
Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy (310) 589-3200
Thoreau Institute (781) 259-4700
Earth Communications Office (310) 656-0577
Tree People (818) 753-4600
Friends of the Earth (202) 783-7400
Global Possibilities (310) 656-1970
Steve Bornstein
Consultant
steve@bornsteinconsulting.com
With 25 years as a corporate leader, business consultant and life long learner, Steve Bornstein helps leaders and teams achieve powerful results. Steve teaches people how to clarify purpose and achieve success while maintaining balance. He empowers clients to find their own solutions by connecting with their inner wisdom and develops and implements business plans for new ventures and corporate reorganizations.
Corporate clients include Sony Pictures Entertainment, Bloch Medical Group, Higher Octave Music, The Todd-AO Corporation, Jenny Craig International, Knock Out Creative, Turner Pictures, Propaganda Films, Global Doghouse, Media Revolution (web site design), The Cartoonist Group, Media Ventures, Ad Music, VIP Publishing, Green Seal Inc., Hollywood Digital, and Work Records.
Steve has served as CEO, Sunrise Films; Sr. Vice President Programming and Feature Film Acquisitions, Lorimar Home Video; and Chief Operating Officer, Lion’s Gate Films. He is an instructor for the department of entertainment studies at UCLA Extension. Steve is currently a Board Member of Earth Communications Office, Global Possibilities, and President of the Board of Co-Opportunity Consumers Cooperative Inc.
Steve received an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business, an MS in civil and environmental engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, and an MA in Psychology at the University of Santa Monica.
Steve has successfully completed three treks in the Himalayas. He practices yoga and hikes regularly.
28 Avenue 28th
Venice, CA 90291
(310) 305-1394
f: (310) 578-6902
email:steve@power.net
Christopher Flavin
President, Worldwatch Institute
cflavin@worldwatch.org
As President of Worldwatch, Christopher Flavin is the Institute’s chief executive officer, serves on its Board of Directors, and represents the organization before a wide range of international audiences. In his long career at Worldwatch, he has helped guide the Institute’s development, serving as vice president for research and later as senior vice president. He was appointed president in September 2000, specializing in Energy Security; Climate Policy; Renewable Energy; and Sustainable Development.
Christopher is actively engaged in international climate change and energy policy discussions, and participated in the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro in 1992, the Climate Change Conference in Kyoto Japan in 1997, and the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg in 2002. He is a founding member of the Board of Directors of the Business Council for Sustainable Energy and is a member of the National Academy of Sciences Board on Energy and Environmental Systems, the Climate Institute, and the Environmental and Energy Study Institute.
Christopher speaks frequently before business, university, and policy audiences, focusing on how to achieve an efficient and sustainable economy. He meets frequently with the leaders of governments, international agencies, non-government organizations and companies. He has written for publications, including The New York Times, Technology Review, The Harvard International Review, and Time Magazine. He appears often on radio and TV, including the BBC, CNN, NPR, Voice of America, and PBS’ Newshour.
Christopher is a native of Monterey, California and a cum laude graduate of Williams College, where he studied.
Jean A. Gardner
Director, EARTH GROUP
Jean Gardner Is An Activist, Writer, Teacher, And Consultant On Sustainable Design Issues. She Is An Associate Professor Of Social-Ecological History And Design, The School For Constructed Environments, Parsons The New School As Well As Co-Author With Brian McGrath Of Cinemetrics: Architecture Drawing Today. Gardner Also Wrote The First Book On Urban Wilderness: Nature In New York City. The National AIA Committee On The Environment Awarded Her Graduate Course “Issues And Practices In Architecture And Urbanism” Special Recognition For Eco-Literacy Teaching. The New York City Chapter Of The AIA Awarded Her A Special Citation For Her Work As An Urban Ecologist, Author, And Educator In Both The Architectural Field And In The Public Realm.
Gardner Was Part Of A Team Led By David Rockwell To Commemorate 9/11 That Exhibited At The 2002 Venice Biennale “The Hall Of Risk”, A Participatory Center For Conflict Resolution. Her Current Research Focuses On Design Pedagogy And Its Relationship To The Creation Of Current Ecological Problems, Such As Climate Change.
Kristin Coates
COATES CONSULTING
kristin@coatesconsulting.net
Kristin Coates has more than 15 years experience creating positive change for brands and not-for-profit organizations across diverse sectors including travel, hospitality, real estate, health & well-being, and environmental and humanitarian causes. Recognized for thinking outside the box, championing new ideas, motivating people, and getting things done, Kristin is passionate about guiding purpose driven organizations through concept and experience development and communications strategies that build sustainable, thriving, powerful brands and initiatives.
Kristin’s experience and solid credentials in concept development and strategic planning, experience design, traditional and online marketing, communications strategy development, brand, PR, fundraising and project management, are a welcome addition to the Global Possibilities organization.
William Roley, Ph.D., Director
PERMACULTURE INSTITUTE OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
DrRoley@aol.com
Dr. Bill Roley is an applied ecologist, environmental instructor and consultant. He combines the disciplines of anthropology, biology, architecture, engineering, agriculture, and ecology to address modern challenges of providing for human needs while maintaining ecosystem health. His teaching and design work at the John Lyle Center for Regenerative Studies at California Polytechnic University is a graphic example of this interdisciplinary work. He heads up the Ecological Restoration certificate program at Saddleback College and teaches biology at Soka University.
His Southern California government consultation includes creating a healthy watershed series for the County of Orange, a landscape and composting ordinance for Irvine, developing wastewater nutrient cycling strategies for Malibu, and watershed planner in Aliso Viejo. Dr. Roley designed the Laguna Hills Leisure World yard waste composting project, Ecology Farms vermicomposting site and has consulted on integrated green waste management projects for the Counties of Orange, Los Angeles, San Diego and Ventura.
As a Resource manager for the Thousand Oaks, Ahmanson Ranch development he created water harvesting, flood control and habitat restoration master plan to respect the diversity and complexity of the surrounding ecosystem. An example of his international work is the design and installation of agroforestry and sustainable/edible landscapes for an orphanage landscape in Tijuana, Mexico and in Porte Alegre, Brazil. He worked on an ecotourist biopreserve for The American Society of Landscape Architecture and Pronatura in the Yucatan, Mexico and at El Pilar, Belize for UCSB Mesoamerican Institute.
He is founding director of the Permaculture Institute of Southern California and co-founder of the Eos Institute and its environmental journal Earthword.
Michael Rotondi FAIA
RotoArk
Michael Rotondi has been an architect and educator for over twenty-five years. He founded the Southern California Institute of Architecture (SCI-Arc) and was its Director from 1987 to 1997. He currently teaches and serves as a Board Member. He is also a Professor at Arizona State University in Tempe.
Projects over twenty years range from educational to institutional, cultural, commercial and residential. A cross section of current projects include an experimental theatre complex in La Jolla, a School of Architecture in Texas, a large regional park in Los Angeles, a memorial for the Los Angeles Fire department, a large Stupa in Santa Cruz, California, the transformation of a seventy acre industrial site in Louisville, Kentucky into a central part of the city, and the development and planning of the Tempe Center site.
His primary interest now is exploring how the concepts and methods of educational and professional practice can find common ground in the discipline of architecture. Other recent teaching positions include the Saarinen Visiting Professor at University of Michigan, the Brown-Forman Visiting Chair in Urban Design at the University of Kentucky, and the Harry Shure Professor at the University of Virginia.
Steven J. Strong
President, SOLAR DESIGN ASSOCIATES
Steven J. Strong is President of Solar Design Associates, Inc., a group of Architects and Engineers dedicated to the design of environmentally responsive buildings, and the engineering and integration of renewable energy systems which incorporate the latest in innovative technology.
He founded the firm in 1974 after serving as an energy-systems engineering consultant on the Alaskan pipeline where he became convinced there were easier, less-costly, more environmentally desirable ways to provide comfort and convenience to the consumer than “going to the ends of the earth to extract the last drop of fossil fuel”.
Drawing on his background in architecture and engineering, he has earned the firm an international reputation for the pioneering integration of renewable energy systems – especially solar electricity – with environmentally responsive building design.
Over the last 24 years, he has designed dozens of homes and buildings which provide delightful living/working environments while requiring little or no purchased energy – the majority of which are powered by solar electricity. In 1984, working with New England Electric, he completed the world’s first PV-powered neighborhood in central Massachusetts. In 1996, he worked with Olympic village architects to power the natatorium complex at the 1996 Summer Games with solar electricity using the world’s largest roof-top PV power system.
He is the US Representative to the International Energy Agency’s expert working group on PV-in-Buildings and has served as an advisor on energy and environmental issues to 3 Governors, 2 US Senators and 3 presidential candidates as well as a number of electric utilities. This spring, TIME magazine named him an ‘Environmental Hero’.
He is the author of The Solar Electric House and Solar Electric Buildings, an Overview of Today’s Applications and the editor and contributing author of Photovoltaics in the Built Environment, a Design Guide for Architects and Engineers and Reshaping the Built Environment: Ecology, Ethics and Economics
Mary Tucker
Environmental Services Specialist
CITY OF SAN JOSE
mary.tucker@ci.sj.ca.us
Since 1989, Ms. Tucker has been with the City of San Jose’s Environmental Services Department where she is responsible for developing urban environmental policies, and managing various environmental and energy programs ranging from urban sustainability issues, watershed management, water quality, and urban climate change to legislative issues. She is currently responsible for coordination of many of the City’s Energy activities, including energy supply, renewable energy installations and opportunities and other energy demand reduction activities. Ms. Tucker also manages the City’s Green Building Program, ensuring that new city construction meets green building standards as defined by the U.S. Green Building Council.
Ms. Tucker has had a major role in planning and managing energy and environmental programs on a local, state and national level for more than 20 years. She has organized and managed education and advocacy programs dealing with a wide range of energy and environmental issues, such as high level nuclear waste legislation, director of a solar installers’ training and energy conservation installation program, coordination for numerous state, local and national conferences/strategy workshops, and has assisted community-based groups in establishing job-training/energy rehabilitation programs.
Ms. Tucker is Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors for the U.S. Green Building Council, representing state and local governments. She has been president of the Northern California Solar Energy Association, a chapter of the American Solar Energy Society (ASES). She has also been very active in the Solar Cities Project of the International Energy Agency and the Urban Consortium Energy Task Force, a national consortium of cities and counties, on issues related to sustainability, long range planning and utility restructuring.
Most recently, Ms. Tucker was asked to include an essay in the publication Sustainable Architecture, a collection of essays celebrating the connection between our built and natural environments published by the Earth Pledge Foundation. Her work has also been featured in several other publications.
Ms. Tucker is the proud owner of a 2.6 kW PV system on her 1909 craftsman bungalow home, a net zero home.
Robert Wilkinson
Environmental Studies Program
Donald Bren School of Environmental Science and Management
University of California, Santa Barbara
wilkinson@es.ucsb.edu
Dr. Wilkinson’s teaching, research, and consulting focus on water policy, climate change, and environmental policy issues. He currently serves on the public advisory committee for California’s State Water Plan and represents the University of California on the Governor’s Task Force on Desalination. He also advises the California Energy Commission on climate research, and for the past five years he has served as coordinator for the climate impacts assessment of the California Region for the US Global Change Research Program and the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy.
Dr. Wilkinson is also a Senior Fellow with the Rocky Mountain Institute, and he is a founding member of the California Environmental Dialogue and a founding participant in the Aspen Institute’s The Environment in the 21st Century. He consults for corporations, governments, foundations, and non-profit organizations in the U.S. and internationally.
In 1990, Dr. Wilkinson established and directed the Graduate Program in Environmental Science and Policy at the Central European University based in Budapest, Hungary. He has worked extensively in Western Europe and in every country of Central Europe from Albania through the Baltic States and throughout the former Soviet Union including Siberia and Central Asia. He has also worked in Australia, New Zealand, Japan, South Africa, and China.
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/about-us-2/mission-2/

Mission
Global Possibilities was formed in 1996 as an environmental non-profit dedicated to promoting solutions to our ecological/climate and energy crisis through education, media and the arts.
Buildings are responsible for almost half of all greenhouse gas emissions in the United States. Can a collaborative effort – government leaders, architects, nurse regulatory agencies and building suppliers – avert a climate crisis through policy change and education? We can have the greatest impact in the shortest amount of time and money, if we begin with the built environment.
From our inception, we promoted the use of solar and renewable energy to reduce our dependency on fossil fuels – coal, oil and gas, through documentary film, national conferences, educational initiatives and public outreach in collaboration with architectural institutions, non-profits, energy experts, business leaders and government.
Because of the power of the internet and social networking, we have expanded our site to include daily information on solutions, and new developments to inspire people to take action and to create a place where you can get all the leading information of the day. We are also fortunate to have an “Enviro Newsletter” space on the Alternet.org site which will be found under their environment heading. Please check our blog and all else on the site. We welcome your comments.
The challenge is to disseminate this valuable information quickly and to counteract the endless promotion of our national addiction to fossil fuels.
I invite all who can to participate in the solutions rather than the problem.
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.globalpossibilities.org/

Mystery of dancing spidersR...
It’s not just the dazzling colours and slick moves of Australia’s dancing spiders that make them special.
read moreIt’s not just the dazzling colours and slick moves of Australia’s dancing spiders that make them special.
read moreComedian Jimmy Kimmel’s chances of returning to his late-night perch looked increasingly slim Thursday…
read moreCorporate silence on climate policy puts profits and people at risk
read moreA timeline of false “gender ideology” claims about the Charlie Kirk shooting.
read moreA Supreme Court majority voted to convict the ex-leader for a plot to stay in power.
read moreWhy Some Farmers Are Stuck Raising Crops That No Longer Thrive
read moreFORT BRAGG, U.S. — In 2024, I was scuba diving in Northern California’s Casper Cove where the Watermen’s Alliance, a group of ex-abalone sports divers, has been culling purple urchins since 2020.
read moreThe stage is set for a packed primary race, which already includes state Assemblyman Micah Lasher and non-profit leader Liam Elkind.
read moreAfter a decade and more than 16 tries, state lawmakers will send to the governor’s desk an anti-trans bill, which restricts access to public facilities and places a $25,000 fine on the first violation.
read moreWildlife and wild places are facing pressing global threats…
read moreDoctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is on the ground in over 70 countries.
read moreWhen the nonprofit Data for Indigenous Justice filed public records requests with the Alaska Department of Public Safety concerning cases it had investigated, the state rejected them.
read moreGovernment trolls spread cruel memes and “textbook propaganda” on behalf of Trump.
read moreOur urban areas are hubs of heat and increased energy consumption. But efforts are in play all over the world to help us turn down the heat.
read moreThis Q&A is an installment of Houston Landing’s Who are HOU?
read moreIn the hours after one of his students was apprehended by federal immigration agents, Hedin Bernard was on the phone nearly nonstop.
read moreProPublica identified more than 150 products that were exempted from import bans since 2013. Our list provides the names of the drugs or ingredients and their manufacturers, many of which are no longer banned.
read moreLike many such confabs before it, the Aug. 15, 2025, Alaska red carpet rollout for Russian President Vladimir Putin is classic Donald Trump
read moreThat was when she was a founding fellow of the Bernie Sanders Institute.
read moreAn Extreme Heat Warning remains in effect for the Willamette Valley, Columbia River Gorge, and portions of central Oregon.
read moreFires threaten a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Spain as temperatures hit new records.
read moreThe dispute over the cancellation of a coal mine comes as governments face hundreds of billions of dollars in exposure to claims from foreign investors over fossil fuel phaseouts.
read moreMaine has had success in adopting heat pumps across the state, and jobs have grown quickly — particularly in rural areas.
read moreClean energy is creating new jobs in rural America, generating opportunities for people who install solar panels, build wind turbines, weatherize homes and more.
read moreNavigating corporate biodiversity and protecting ecosystems
read more
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/principles/

Principals
Casey Coates Danson, Director and Founder
casey@globalpossibilities.org
As the mother of two children and with a strong sense of stewardship for the Earth, Ms. Danson established Global Possibilities in 1996 as a national solar/renewable energy advocate to promote the use of solar energy in the built environment as a viable and natural alternative to fossil fuels. Prior to that, Casey co-founded with her former husband, the American Oceans Campaign (AOC), a non-profit response and advocacy group for the protection of our oceans which has since merged with Oceana.
Ms. Danson served on the Board of Governors of Parsons School of Design, the Board of Directors of the Southern California Institute of Architecture (SCI-ARC), was Chair of the Board of Directors of the Environmental Media Association (EMA) which allowed her to interface with Hollywood writers and show runners to educate them in environmental messages to include in scripts; an Honorary Board member of the Institute of American Indian Arts Foundation (IAIA) and was on the Advisory Board of the Jimmy Carter Work Project in Los Angeles.
Ms. Danson received her BFA in Environmental Design from Parsons School of Design, graduating with honors in 1975 during the Carter years when solar tax incentives were in place and architectural design emphasis was on sustainability. She is known for her design of solar powered homes and has been widely published.
Kristine Trites
kristine@globalpossibilities.org
As assistant to Casey Coates Danson, Kristine brings 20 years of experience in development, real estate, marketing, and sales. Kristine has served on many boards, fund raising for schools and non-profits over the years as well as assistant to the President of Viggiano Associates from 2000-2006. She was a successful Real Estate Broker in upstate New York and Massachusetts for ten years, helping buyers and investors purchase residential and commercial property. She moved to California in 2008 and hit the ground running as Director of The WeeklyClubs, real estate investment clubs that met weekly all over Los Angeles, Orange and Ventura Counties. She educated investors as well as maintained websites and furthered online marketing efforts by expanding their web presence through social media. Kristine came on board in 2011 and being a lifelong environmentalist working at Global Possibilities is a realized dream.
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/educational-archives/

Educational Archives
Project I: National Public and Media Outreach Campaign
Partnerships Promote the Use of Solar and Renewable Energy to Mitigate Climate Change
GP and Environmental Media Association (EMA)
Recognizing the tremendous worldwide influence of the National Media, GP began an innovative partnership with entertainment industry professionals organizing a series of Hollywood Writer’s Briefings along with one-on-one meetings with producers, writers, and heads of studios to encourage integration of climate change and solar energy messages into television and film scripts. The goal was to use television and films to educate people throughout the world about the very real threats of global climate change and the benefits of solar and renewable energy technology as a solution.
As Chairman of the Board of Directors of EMA, Casey Coates Danson was able to develop a partnership to produce a Hollywood Writers’ Briefing: “Too Hot For Television” on Global Climate Change held in Los Angeles on January 13, 2000. Norman Lear founder of EMA hosted and Ms. Danson introduced keynote speaker, Donald W. Aitken, Ph.D., Senior Scientist with the Union of Concerned Scientists, who delivered a slide presentation establishing climate change issues particular to Southern California. Subsequent meetings with writers, producers, studio heads and production facilities were scheduled on an ongoing basis.
Media: Television, Magazines and Events The practical application of solar design was highlighted in the Jan/Feb 2000 issue of Natural Home magazine featuring homes designed by Casey Coates Danson which demonstrate the use of integrated photovoltaics and daylighting principles. House Beautiful, the Television Series, filmed Ms. Danson’s 95% solar home (the largest residential installation in Los Angeles) for its “Natural Environments” segment airing on A&E Network beginning in October 2000. To promote GP’s mission of designing buildings with solar energy to mitigate climate change, Ms. Danson developed a presentation, titled Architecture and Climate Change for the Bioneers 2000, Revolution from the Heart conference.
GP and the American Solar Energy Society (ASES) organized the National Home Tour 2000 in Southern California. The successful first tour opened eight homes to the public demonstrating real people living in real places. An in-depth interview with Ms. Danson appeared in the Los Angeles Times October 13, 2000 to supplement the tour that brought out over 500 participants. Ms. Danson was interviewed for the Czechoslovakian “home style” magazine,Streche (Roof) for European distribution.
GP participated in the new Discovery Health channel’s “Healthy Homes” a twenty-six part series on living and working in a healthy environment. A segment focused on daylighting principles was highlighted with her 95% solar powered home designed by Ms. Danson where she lives and works.
Project II: National Education Initiative for a Solar Future
Global Possibilities’ U.S. Solar and Renewable Energy Policy Symposium”The Back Burner Status of Solar” – May, 1997
Global Possibilities (GP) and the University of California, Santa Barbara co-hosted the “Critical Issues in America” Program: U.S. Solar and Renewable Energy Policy Symposium in May, 1997. Leading experts from government, utilities, business and environmental organizations examined renewable energy markets, the current business climate including transportation and land-use planning, and technology development. The symposium addressed the current “back-burner” status of U.S. energy policy toward the development and implementation of solar and other renewable energy technologies. The final consensus among participants was the need for education and a common language.
Second Annual Symposium for a Solar Future “Rethinking Design Curriculum: Integrating Solar Energy For a Sustainable Future” October 22, 19 Cooper-Hewitt Museum – New York City
GP and The Earth Group, a New York based design collaborative co-hosted the Second Annual Symposium for a Solar Future in conjunction with the Cooper-Hewitt’s “Under the Sun: An Outdoor Exhibition of Light” in October, 1998. Approximately forty deans, chairs and professors from U.S. architectural and design schools gathered together to develop an educational strategy to enlist all design schools in an effort to create a more sustainable future for the planet. The symposium launched Global Possibilities’ long-term National Education Initiative for a Solar Future.
Based on the symposium proceedings and research, Global Possibilities and the Earth Group created curricula and educational tools (that accommodate regional climate change differences) to be utilized by national design schools.
Regional Conferences for a Solar Future
99.Southeast and Mid-Atlantic Region “The Impact of Design Practices on Climate Variability – How Can Design Education Help Mitigate Climate Change?” June 25, 19
GP and the Earth Group hosted Regional Climate Change Conferences with deans and chairs of architecture schools co-terminus with the 18 U.S. Global Change Research Program (USGCRP) climate regions to develop regional curriculum and resources. Some of these meetings coincided with the Smithsonian Institution’s “Under the Sun Exhibition” which traveled to locations in the U.S. The Southeast and Mid-Atlantic Regional Conference was held in Washington at the Smithsonian Institution on June 25, 1999.
East and Midwest Region “Design Education and Sustainability: A Prototype for Developing Green Curriculum” – October 1, 1999.
The East-Midwest Regional workshop held at Ball State University’s “Greening of the Campus III” conference on October 1, 1999 in Muncie, Indiana, reviewed the results to date of Global Possibilities’ Symposiums for a Solar Future, and interactively demonstrated the methodology used to organize the curriculum developing tools, i.e. the national and regional conferences, the focus questions for discussion, and the protocols for collaborative group discussion.
Environmental leaders David Orr, Robert Costanza, Hilary French, Susan Flader and John Ryan were keynote speakers at this “Greening of the Campus/Curriculum” conference.
California Region “Climate Change and Design Practices: The Role of Architecture in Mitigating Climate Variability To Improve the Quality of Life” – March 11, 2000
The California Regional presentation was held at the 88th Annual Conference of the Association of Collegiate Schools of Architecture “HETEROTOPOLIS: Immigration, Ethnicity, and the American City” on March 11, 2000 in Los Angeles, California. This Special Interest Workshop explored the potential role architecture and architectural education can make in modulating the rate of climate change and its social effects. The City of Los Angeles and the surrounding region served as a case study. An interactive session allowed participants to use a curricular-generating methodology that is transferable to any region. As a result, participants can hold workshops in their own colleges and universities on the subject.
Project III: Business Education/Real Estate Developers
Rethinking Business: Integrating Solar Energy For a Sustainable Future
Similar to “Rethinking Design Curriculum,” GP organized real estate brokers, developers, business leaders, business schools, and like-minded non-profits to address the economic and environmental benefits of solar energy as it relates to business, property and land-use/management, promotion, and education. The objective of Project II is to educate business on their essential role of utilizing solar energy and renewables to create a competitive energy market and a sustainable business environment.
Our first Building Technologies Conference “Increasing Profits Using Sustainable Technologies” was held in West Palm Beach on October 7, 1999 for real estate brokers. Our Keynote Speaker, Donald W. Aitken, Ph.D, Senior Scientist, Union of Concerned Scientists, presented a slide show and talk on the importance of the built environment and ways we can use modern sustainable design technologies to use resources more efficiently and mitigate climate change.
Other speakers included Casey Coates Danson, Dr. David Benjamin, University of Florida, who discussed the elements necessary to create communities that nurture their inhabitants on a long-term basis and work in harmony with the environment. “Design for Climate” was the subject of Kaizer Talib, A.I.A, President, Urbanform Design, and Dr. Pierce Jones, University of Florida, discussed cutting edge building construction methods and materials which mitigate climate change, from energy use, windstorm damage, helping to decrease maintenance, insurance and financing costs.
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/donald-w-aitken-keynote-presentation/

Donald W. Aitken Keynote Presentation
Keynote presentation by Donald W. Aitken Ph.D., Senior Scientist, Union of Concerned Scientists. Recorded at Global Possibilities’ Second Annual Symposium for a Solar Future: “Rethinking Design Curriculum: Integrating Solar Energy for a Sustainable Future”.
Share
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/links-2/

Links
As partners in the fight against global warming, check these organizations are great resources for information and inspiration.
As partners in the fight against global warming, check these organizations are great resources for information and inspiration.
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/film/

Film
Casey Coates Danson produced a one-hour award winning documentary film “Who’s Got The Power?” As a cogent, incisive documentary, filmed on three continents, Who’s Got The Power? examines some of the increasingly vital planetary issues of our day. Ms. Danson brilliantly presents us with a rare, optimistic and inspiring documentary on the subject of solutions to climate change.
She is currently in development of a second updated version which further illustrates our need to stop our denial about the wreckless use of our natural resources and the effects of our built environment on climate change and our need to move at warp speed before we hit the tipping point of global climate change.
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/whos-got-the-power-2/

“Who’s Got The Power?”
WHO’S GOT THE POWER?
Full length documentary available on amazon.com
Who’s Got The Power? — a forceful documentary film, addresses head on the reality of global warming caused by the burning of fossil fuels (coal, oil and gas), its dangers in the form of carbon dioxide emissions – and presents genuine and workable solutions. The film demonstrates that the use of renewable energy (solar, wind, geothermal, biomass) are viable alternatives to our dependence on fossil fuels bringing about the dangerous climate changes we are seeing all over the planet. From the vantage points of world-renown scientists, environmental activists, physicians, financial advisers, designers, builders, coal miners and others, the global warming discussion unfolds. In addition, inner-city and suburban international consumers share their personal experiences with solar-powered housing.
From the coal-scarred hills of Appalachia to the sun drenched suburbs of Los Angeles, to three Category 5 hurricanes within three months in 2005 in the Southeast, eight days of non-stop rain in the Northeast, record breaking heat globally, people are becoming increasingly vocal about the hazards of global warming. They are demanding practical and achievable solutions, in particular, championing the development and use of renewable energy resources to safeguard the earth for future generations.
Against the backdrop of the American landscape, Who’s Got the Power? demonstrates that we do not have to savage our terrain, destroy our water sources or befoul our air in order to enjoy the pleasures and conveniences of modern life. Who’s Got the Power? shows how harnessing the limitless resource of the sun can make a difference.
MOST IMPORTANTLY the film recognizes the critical role of our built environment. Since two-thirds to one half of the nations electricity is used in buildings, we can have the greatest impact in the shortest amount of time and for the least amount of money if we begin with the built environment. Buildings are a direct and important resource in insuring our environmental future. Making our buildings more energy efficient can help reduce our use of electricity and fossil fuels. Powering them with the sun can and will quickly reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
These are among the perspectives in Who’s Got The Power?
On the evolution of global warming: When we use the atmosphere as an un-priced sewer and we dump our waste like carbon dioxide and methane and industrial hazes, then we start to force the atmosphere in different patterns than would be natural.
On environmental hazards:
The twentieth century stands out as the warmest time in history. 90% of the glaciers in the world are melting. In Glacier National Park, the Grinnell Glacier has already melted sixty-three percent and only has a few more decades to survive. Six hundred and fifty three billion metric tons of ice, an area larger than Luxembourg, has broken off the Larsen B Ice Shelf, which has existed on Antarctica for twelve thousand years.
On photovoltaics: In one second, the sun produces enough energy to supply the world for one thousand years. We need to make the transition to renewable energy now not later. The power is in our hands.
On preserving our land:
When you go in and you cut down all the trees on a mountain, from the top to the bottom, blow 700 feet off the top of it, take all the coal, boost a rock and gob over the hill into the creek, there’s nothin’ to be there. It destroys the game, it runs the grass out, it destroys the squirrels, the deer don’t have acorns to eat, and they move on.
We can lead the way in renewable energy. We can lead the way to a new future. And we can give our children a beautiful clean earth to live on. But we’re not doing that. We’re addicted to comfort and selling our children’s feet to buy ourselves fancy shoes.
On our built environment:
The truth is that good design is no more expensive than bad design. A few pioneers are incorporating photovoltaics and solar design principles. Not only are the structures beautiful, they are in harmony with the environment. Solar technology can be employed anywhere, even on a Manhattan skyscraper.
On our obligation:
Ultimately its not going to be the scientists, its going to be us, its going to be the politicians and the leaders and the people in their own households, everybody in a massive global cooperation in order to solve this grand problem.
Powerful, enduring, reliable and accessible worldwide, the sun is our greatest energy resource. The sun’s solar energy can supplement or replace the limited and costly fossil fuels we now use, reduce our dependence on the utility grid, and stem the tide of global warming.
As a cogent, incisive documentary, filmed on three continents, Who’s Got The Power? examines some of the increasingly vital planetary issues of our day. Casey Coates Danson, Executive Producer and President of Global Possibilities, brilliantly presents us with a rare, optimistic and inspiring documentary on the subject of solutions to climate change.
Page last updated 4/20/2012
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/video/

Video
Casey Coates Danson, Executive Producer of Who’s Got The Power? and President, Global Possibilities
Casey Coates Danson, Director Global Possibilities, Executive Producer “Who’s Got the Power?”
Rocky Mountain Institute – High Performance Building and Design
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/casey-coates-danson-bio/

Casey Coates Danson Bio
Casey Coates Danson, Director and Founder
casey@globalpossibilities.org
As the mother of two children and with a strong sense of stewardship for the Earth, Ms. Danson established Global Possibilities in 1996 as a national solar/renewable energy advocate to promote the use of solar energy in the built environment as a viable and natural alternative to fossil fuels. Prior to that, Casey co-founded with her former husband, the American Oceans Campaign (AOC), a non-profit response and advocacy group for the protection of our oceans which has since merged with Oceana.
Ms. Danson served on the Board of Governors of Parsons School of Design, the Board of Directors of the Southern California Institute of Architecture (SCI-ARC), was Chair of the Board of Directors of the Environmental Media Association (EMA) which allowed her to interface with Hollywood writers and show runners to educate them in environmental messages to include in scripts; an Honorary Board member of the Institute of American Indian Arts Foundation (IAIA) and was on the Advisory Board of the Jimmy Carter Work Project in Los Angeles.
Ms. Danson received her BFA in Environmental Design from Parsons School of Design, graduating with honors in 1975 during the Carter years when solar tax incentives were in place and architectural design emphasis was on sustainability. She is known for her design of solar powered homes and has been widely published.
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/angels-unawares/

Angels Unawares
Angels Unawares: Portraits of the Homeless in L.A.
Available on Amazon and Barnes @ Noble
$39.95 Hardcover
ONE CITY
__________________________________________________________
TWO REALITIES
In this thought-provoking compilation of juxtaposed photographs, Casey Coates Danson, an environmental designer and activist for more than 30 years, unapologetically and masterfully captures the shocking contrast between the affluence of Los Angeles and the deprivation of Skid Row. Danson has combined her love for her home of Los Angeles, her passion for the environment and the world around us, and her deep compassion and curiosity concerning others, to produce this enlightening portrait of the city’s homeless and the severity of the issue. Each of the 50 stunning photographs showcased in Angels Unawares: Portraits of the Homeless in L.A. will deeply move you to stop looking away and begin to address the issues of poverty and homelessness.
”As a native of Southern California, I have personally witnessed the crisis depicted in Angels Unawares: Portraits of the Homeless in L.A. In this book, Casey Coates Danson combines her talents as a photographer and her passion for social justice to create awareness and influence change. Her inspiring work lends voices and faces to the forgotten among us.”
–Ed Begley Jr., Actor, producer, activist
”The half a million homeless in the United States are more than statistics. They are collateral damage of a war economy that puts profits over people and planet. Angels Unawares: Portraits of the Homeless in L.A. humanizes our crisis with a powerful visualization of America’s inequality gap. Casey Coates Danson’s moving work reminds us that this oppressive war on the poor and marginalized is built on the evils of militarism, racism and materialism. We should heed her call to compassion and recognize that the only way to end homelessness and the war economy is by undergoing a revolution of values and creating a peace economy that enriches our humanity.”
–Jodie Evans, Cofounder of CODEPINK
Author – Casey Coates Danson
ANGELS UNAWARES Casey Coates Danson
www.GlobalPossibilities.org
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/us-homeless-sleeping-accommodation-directory/

US Homeless Sleeping Accommodation Directory
Updated December 19, 2018
Skip ahead: Helpful Resources for the Homeless | Sleep Accommodation Directory by State
Everyone deserves a safe place to sleep, but it’s difficult to get a good night’s rest when you are worried about theft, assault and the elements. This especially holds true when it comes to the cold. Most parts of the country find nighttime temperatures 20 degrees lower than they are during the day, but some areas of the country see a decrease of 50 degrees.1 The homeless subpopulation is particularly at risk because of how exposed they are at night. Because of this, deaths caused by hypothermia were thirteen times higher than they were for those with proper shelter at night.2
While the trend is slowly improving, over half a million American’s are homeless. Homelessness was first viewed as a national issue in the United States in the 1870s.3 Since then, many non-profit and government programs have been created to help give more people access to a safe place to sleep. The Department of Housing and Urban Development is estimating that the number of shelters throughout the country is going to continue to grow.
Helpful Homelessness Resources
There are many agencies and nonprofits committed to ending homelessness and offering support to those in need. These are the best places to start.
- If you are experiencing a life-threatening emergency, call 9-1-1right away.
- A 2-1-1 hotline offers 24/7 assistance to help gain access to services like shelter, health care, food, and other social services programs. Find your community’s 2-1-1 hotline | Call 2-1-1
- The Continuum of Care (CoC) program is offered to support people in need with access to shelter, housing, and other resources. Contact the CoC in your area through this HUD Resource to find the closest CoC.
- If you are in need of meals, find your local food bank. Feeding America has a wonderful tool to find the nearest one in your area through this zip code search tool.
- If you live in a rural area, the National Community Action Partnership may offer programs to assist you.
- Veterans can access a large number of VA resources that are organized on the VA.gov website through this link.
- If you are a teenager and thinking about running away or currently living on the street, visit the National Runaway Switchboard or call 1-800-621-4000. There are also services for parents to help prevent children from running away.
- If you are suffering from domestic violence, the National Domestic Violence Hotline offers 24/7 support through 1-800-799-7233 and chat in addition to a safety plan.
- Other Resources for Assistance: The VA created a list of federal and community resources that could be helpful for Non-VA individuals and families experiencing or at the risk of experiencing homelessness.
Homeless Shelter Directory
Updated December 19, 2018
Most shelters in the United States expect residents to leave the shelter in the morning. They can then return in the evening for a meal and to sleep. When looking at shelters, pay careful attention to curfew hours. There are also daytime-only shelters in many cities for people that may not be able to stay at their shelter.
In addition to the shelters below, there are many programs in place that could help. Be sure to go to your local library to find resources and programs that they may offer to assist you. Many libraries offer temporary library cards. There are also many government assistance programs offered. Some of the primary programs include Social Security Supplemental Income and Social Security Disability Insurance.
This is a very large list that we maintain. If you see a shelter that is missing, please contact us through our contact form.
Choose your state:
Alabama | Alaska | Arizona | Arkansas | California | Colorado | Connecticut | Delaware | District of Columbia | Florida | Georgia | Hawaii | Idaho | Illinois | Indiana | Iowa | Kansas | Kentucky | Louisiana|Maine | Maryland | Massachusetts | Michigan | Minnesota | Mississippi | Missouri | Montana | Nebraska |Nevada | New Hampshire | New Jersey | New Mexico | New York | North Carolina | North Dakota | Ohio | Oklahoma | Oregon | Pennsylvania | Rhode Island | South Carolina | South Dakota | Tennessee | Texas | Utah | Vermont | Virginia | Washington | West Virginia | Wisconsin | Wyoming
Alabama
Firehouse Ministries
1501 3rd Ave N
Birmingham, AL 3520
Phone: (205) 252-9571
Contact: https://firehouseshelter.com/contact-us/
Summary: Mens homeless shelter, emergency shelter, meals, clothing, addiction recovery, free legal counsel, transportation to mental health professionals, job interviews, art therapy, the YMCA and by offering math and literacy tutoring.
Dothan Rescue Mission
216 E Crawford St
Dothan, AL 36301
Phone: (334) 794-4637
Email: cgdothanrescue@comcast.net
Summary: Sixty Bed Men’s Lodge, Twenty Five Bed Women’s Lodge and Sixteen Bed Family Lodge along with Chapel and Kitchen.
The Foundry Ministries
1804 6th Ave. North
Bessemer, AL 35020
Phone: (205) 428-8449
Email: lfreeman@thefoundryonline.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Jimmie Hale Mission
3420 2nd Ave North
Birmingham, AL 35222
Phone: (205) 323-5878
Email: info@jimmiehalemission.com
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management, an extended shelter for women with children.
Tennessee Valley Outreach
2117 Moulton Heights Road
Decatur, AL 35601
Phone: (256) 350-5226
Email: tennvalleyoutreach@att.net
Summary: Community outreach program, emergency shelter, transitional housing, case management.
Downtown Rescue Mission, Inc.
1400 Evangel Drive NW
Huntsville, AL 35816
Phone: (256) 536-2441
Email: info@downtownrescuemission.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Mission of Hope Ministries, Inc.
14960 Mission Rd
Mobile, AL 36608-8686
Phone: (251) 649-0830
Email: Jim.Jordan@missionofhopeministries.net
Summary: Long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing.
Alaska
Covenant House Alaska
755 A Street
Anchorage, AK 99501
Phone: (907) 272-1255
Email: cmack@covenanthouseak.org
Summary: Homeless youth programs and services including engagement center, transitional living and wellness center.
Anchorage Gospel Rescue Mission
2823 E Tudor Rd
Anchorage, AK 99523-0510
Phone: (907) 563-5603
Email: info@anchoragerescue.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery, and rehab program.
Fairbanks Rescue Mission
723 27th Avenue
Fairbanks, AK 99701
Phone: (907) 452-5343
Email: director@fairbanksrescuemission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Arizona
Phoenix Rescue Mission
1801 S 35th Ave
Phoenix, AZ 85009
Phone: (602) 233-3000
Email: prm@phoenixrescuemission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Gospel Rescue Mission
707 W. Miracle Mile
Tucson, AZ 85705
Phone: (520) 740-1501
Email: roy@grmtucson.com
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing.
Sunshine Rescue Mission, Inc.
124 S. San Francisco Street
Flagstaff, AZ 86001
Phone: (928) 774-3512
Email: stephb@srm-hc.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
The Society Of St. Vincent De Paul
420 W Watkins Rd
Phoenix, AZ 85003
Phone: (602) 254-3338
Email: info@svdpaz.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, medical clinic, transitional housing, case management.
Arkansas
Little Rock Compassion Center
3618 W Roosevelt Rd
Little Rock, AR 72204
Phone: (501) 296-9114
Email: lrcompassionctr@sbcglobal.net
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Union Rescue Mission
3000 Confederate Blvd
Little Rock, AR 72204
Phone: (501) 370-0808
Email: mscroggins@urmission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing.
Community Rescue Mission, Inc.
P.O. Box 607
Fort Smith, AR 72902
Phone: (479) 782-1443
Email: brian@fscrm.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, transitional housing, case management.
8th Street Mission
717 E. Broadway
West Memphis, AR 72301
Phone: (870) 735-6010
Email: LarryandToniBrown@gmail.com
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing.
California
The Midnight Mission
601 South San Pedro Street
Los Angeles, CA 90014
Phone: (213) 624-9258
Email: oward@midnightmission.org
Summary: Transitional housing, drug and alcohol recovery program, life-skills training.
The Mary Lind Foundation – Bimini Recovery Home
155 South Bimini Place
Los Angeles, CA 90004
Phone: (213) 388-5423
Email: ewoodhull@marylind.org
Summary: The Mary Lind Foundation provides a 6-month residential substance abuse treatment program for those in need.
Volunteers of America – Los Angeles
515 East 6th Street
9th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90016
Phone: (213) 627-8002
Email: lluong@voala.org
Summary: Volunteers of America provides 30 days of residential treatment for individuals with alcohol or other drug-related problems.
1736 Family Crisis Center
2116 Arlington Ave. #200
Los Angeles, CA 90018
Phone: (323) 737-3900
Hotline: (213) 222-1237
Summary: Safe housing for women, the shelter accepts single women, pregnant women and women with children up to 17 years old.
Union Rescue Mission
545 S San Pedro St
Los Angeles, CA 90013
Phone: (213) 347-6300
Email: lmooradian@urm.org
Summary: Union Rescue Mission provides emergency shelter for men, women and children, recovery programs, legal assistance, medical and dental care.
Episcopal Community Services – The Next Door
1001 Polk Street
San Francisco, CA 94109
Phone: (415) 292-2190
Email: lcoleman@ecs-sf.org
Summary: The Next Door provides a total of 100 beds for women and 150 beds for men, mental health and substance abuse services are also available.
St. Vincent De Paul Village – Paul Mirabile Center
3350 E Street
San Diego, CA 92102
Phone: (619) 446-2100
Email: joe.perucca@neighbor.org
Summary: The Paul Mirabile Center provides short-term housing, mental health, and wellness services.
Volunteers of America – Sacramento
1900 Point West Way, #270
Sacramento, CA 95815
Phone: (916) 442-3691
Email: info@voa-sac.org
Summary: Shelter provides up to 120 days of stay for men who have qualified for general assistance. Food and recovery services are also provided.
Colorado
Denver Rescue Mission
1130 Park Avenue West
Denver, CO 80205
Phone: (303) 294-0157
Email: info@denrescue.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Springs Rescue Mission
5 West Las Vegas
Colorado Springs, CO 80903
Phone: (719) 632-1822
Email: info@SpringsRescueMission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Wayside Cross Gospel Rescue Mission
728 West 4th St.
Pueblo, CO 81003
Phone: (719) 544-4000
Email: kkorner1@mindspring.com
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Connecticut
Bridgeport Rescue Mission
1088 Fairfield Avenue
Bridgeport, CT 06605
Phone: (203) 333-4087
Email: info@bridgeportrescuemission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Good Samaritan Mission, Inc.
22 Maple Avenue
Danbury, CT 06810
Phone: (203) 748-4764
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Hartford Rescue Mission
PO Box 1628
Hartford, CT 06144-1628
Phone: (860) 324-4707
Email: gw.hartfordrescue@snet.net
Summary: Hartford Rescue Mission exists first and foremost to offer help, hope and the life-changing message of God’s love through Jesus Christ to the poor, needy and homeless in Central Connecticut.
Delaware
Sunday Breakfast Mission, Inc.
110 N. Poplar Street
Wilmington, DE 19801
Phone: (302) 656-8542
Email: tlaymon@sundaybreakfastmission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing.
District of Columbia
Central Union Mission
65 Massachusetts Ave., NW
Washington, DC 20001
Phone: (202) 745-7118
Email: info@missiondc.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Florida
Miami Rescue Mission – Center for Men
2020 NW 1st Ave.
Miami, FL 33127
Phone: (305) 571-2253
Summary: The Center for Men offers a comprehensive, year-long residential Regeneration Program for men who suffer from various life-controlling problems such as homelessness, drug and/or alcohol addiction.
Miami Rescue Mission – Center for Women
2250 NW 1st Ave.
Miami, FL 33127
Phone: (305) 571-2250
Summary: The Center is a 40-bed facility for homeless women and children, and provides emergency overnight shelter as well as a long-term recovery program.
Orlando Union Rescue Mission
410 W. Central Blvd.
Orlando, FL 32805
Phone: (407) 423-3596
Email: ourmission@ourm.org
Summary: This shelter includes an 80-bed dormitory, a community room, a chapel, a dining room and kitchen. Men off the street can stay at the Mission for 7 nights free of charge.
Waterfront Rescue Mission – Pensacola
16 West Main Street
Pensacola, FL 32502
Phone: (850) 436-7868
Email: jraley@waterfrontmission.org
Summary: Pensacola Mission provides overnight shelter for men in need. Services include meals, warm shower, change of clean clothes, substance abuse referrals.
Christian Care Center – Women’s Care
220 North 13th Street
Leesburg, FL 34748
Phone: (719) 314-8733
Summary: The Women’s Care Center provides shelter for women and women with children. Other services include personal counselling, parenting classes, financial planning.
Christian Care Center – Men’s Residence
220 North 13th Street
Leesburg, FL 34748
Phone: (719) 314-8733
Summary: The Men’s Residence operates as a long-term residential substance abuse program.
Trinity Rescue Mission – Lifeline Program
622 West Union Street
Jacksonville, FL 32202
Phone: (904) 355-1205
Email: sclay@trinityrescue.org
Summary: Lifeline Program is a 60-day residential discipleship program available free of charge. This program is designed to break the pattern of homelessness and addiction while instilling hope that living as a productive member of society is a realistic and obtainable goal.
Covenant House – Ft. Lauderdale
733 Breakers Ave.
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33304
Phone: (954) 561-5559
Email: mission@covenanthousefl.org
Summary: Covenant House provides emergency shelter for youth at risk.
Georgia
Atlanta Union Mission – My Sister’s House
921 Howell Mill Rd., NW
Atlanta, GA 30318
Phone: (404) 367-2465
Email: info@myaum.org
Summary: My Sister’s House offers services to women and children.
Savannah’s Gospel Rescue Mission
2414 Bull Street
Savannah, GA 31401
Phone: (912) 232-1979
Email: information@oscm.org
Summary: Savannah‘s Gospel Rescue Mission provides housing, meals, Bible studies and substance abuse referrals.
Covenant House – Georgia
72 Broad Street
SW, Suite 87-A
Atlanta, GA 30303
Phone: (404) 688-4717
Email: dtaylor@covenanthouse.org
Summary: The Polar Rock Crisis Center provides up to 90 days of care for young adults between the ages of 18 and 21.
Atlanta Urban Ministry – City Mission
202 Milton Avenue
Atlanta, GA 30315
Phone: (404) 658-6300
Email: info@atlantaurbanministries.org
Summary: Atlanta City Mission provides housing to single women and women with children (no boys over 12).
Set Free Atlanta – Family Sanctuary
1560 Memorial Drive
Atlanta, GA 30317
Phone: (404) 378-2990
Email: no email available
Summary: The Family Sanctuary provides housing, meals, counseling, medical assistance, and helps with job skills.
Blood and Fire Residence
188 Martin Luther King Drive
Atlanta, GA 30312
Phone: (404) 521-2424
Summary: The Blood and Fire Residence provides temporary housing to single women and families.
Jefferson Place
1135 Jefferson St.
Atlanta, GA 30318
Phone: (404) 874-0412
Summary: Jefferson Place provides emergency housing for men.
Union Mission – Grace House
120 Fahm Street
Savannah, GA 31401
Phone: (912) 236-7423
Email: info@unionmission.org
Summary: Grace House provides emergency housing for men, meals and substance abuse referrals.
Hawaii
River of Life Mission
101 N Pauahi St
Honolulu, HI 96817
Phone: (808) 524-7656
Email: Bigdogsr2@aol.com
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Idaho
Boise Rescue Mission
308 S. 24th Street
Boise, ID 83702
Phone: (208) 343-2389
Email: dmckinney@ifrescuemission.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Idaho Falls Rescue Mission
840 Park Avenue
Idaho Falls, ID 83402
Phone: (208) 552-5575
Email: dmckinney@ifrescuemission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Jubilee House
315 Grandview Drive
Twin Falls, ID 83301
Phone: (208) 736-2566
Email: jubilee.house@hotmail.com
Summary: Jubilee House is a 12-month Christian recovery home for women whose lives have been torn apart by addictions.
Illinois
Breakthrough Urban Ministries – Men’s Services
5237 N. Ashland Ave.
Chicago, IL 60640
Phone: (773) 989-8353
Email: jcuchetto@breakthroughministries.com
Summary: Breakthrough Urban Ministries provides day and overnight shelter for unemployed men. The program also offers food, clothing, employment training and substance abuse referrals.
Breakthrough Urban Ministries – Women’s Services
3330 W. Carroll Ave.
Chicago, IL 60624
Phone: (773) 722-0179
Email: tmchenry@breakthroughministries.com
Summary: Breakthrough’s Women’s Services Program provides day and overnight shelter for women in crisis. The program also offers food, clothing, access to health care and substance abuse referrals.
St. Martin de Porres House of Hope
6423 South Woodlawn Ave.
Chicago, IL 60644
Phone: (773) 643-5843
Email: info@smdp-hoh.org
Summary: St. Martin de Porres House of Hope provides shelter for homeless women, pregnant teens and recovering substance abuse women and their children.
Pacific Garden Mission – Men’s Division
646 S. State Street
Chicago, IL 60605
Phone: (312) 922-1462
Email: unshack@pgm.org
Summary: Pacific Garden Mission offers three residential programs in their Men’s Divisions.
Pacific Garden Mission – The Gospel League Home
955 W. Grand Avenue
Chicago, IL 60622
Phone: (312) 922-1462
Email: unshack@pgm.org
Summary: The Gospel League Home provides shelter for women and their children.
Peoria Rescue Ministries
601 S.W. Adams
Peoria, IL 61602
Phone: (309) 676-6416
Email: info@mysrm.org
Summary: Peoria Rescue Mission provides emergency shelter for men in need, services include nutritious meals, clean clothes, bible studies and substance abuse referrals.
Helping Hands of Springfield
200 S 11th St
Springfield, IL 62703
Phone: (217) 522-0048
Email: sheltercm@comcast.net
Summary: Helping Hands of Springfield provides 24-hour shelter for both individuals and families. Helping Hands also offers food, life skills training and substance abuse rehabilitation programs.
God’s Shelter of Love for Single Women & Families
125 N. Water St., #200
Decatur, IL 62523
Phone: (217) 422-2790
Email: gsol929@comcast.net
Summary: The home can accommodate as many as 15 residents, the average stay for a resident of the home is three to four months. As a condition for shelter, all residents must actively job seek and all children must attend school.
Indiana
Wheeler Mission Ministries – Center for Women
23 North Rural Street
Indianapolis, IN 46201
Phone: (317) 635-3575
Email: PauletteMoore@wmm.org
Summary: The Care Center provides emergency and longer-term housing for women and women with children.
Fort Wayne Rescue Ministries
301 W. Superior Street
Fort Wayne, IN 46855
Phone: (260) 426-7357
Email: pastorJim@rescueministries.us
Summary: Fort Wayne Rescue Ministries provides up to 30 nights of housing, food, case management, chapel services and substance abuse recovery programs.
Goshen Interfaith Hospitality Network
105 South 3rd Street
Goshen, IN 46526
Phone: (574) 534-2300
Email: gosihn@aol.com
Summary: IHN provides emergency housing for families in need.
Fort Wayne Interfaith Hospitality Network
P.O. Box 13326
Fort Wayne, IN 46868
Phone: (260) 458-9772
Email: info@ihnfamily.org
Summary: IHN provides emergency housing for families in need.
Middle Way House for Women and Children
414 W. Kirkwood
Bloomington, IN 47402
Phone: (812) 333-7404
Summary: This program provides housing for women and women with children that have been victims of domestic violence.
Mozella’s House
2808 S. Anthony Blvd.
Fort Wayne, IN 46806
Phone: (219) 420-8233
Summary: Mozella’s House is a supportive transitional facility for formerly drug-addicted individuals.
Faith Mission of Elkhart
530 S. Main Street
Elkhart, IN 46516
Phone: (574) 293-3406
Summary: Faith Mission of Elkhart provides individuals with up to 14 days of housing, food, and counseling.
Anchor House
250 S. Vine Street
Seymour, IN 47229
Phone: (812) 522-9308
Email: contact@anchorhouseshelter.com
Summary: Anchor House provides emergency housing for families with children.
Iowa
Mission of Hope
1537 1st Ave SE
Cedar Rapids, Iowa 52402
Phone: (319) 362-5559
Email: martin.dwyer@outlook.com
Summary: Dayroom, emergency shelter, long-term recovery, and rehab program.
Victory Center Ministries
516 9th Ave S
Clinton, IO 52733
Phone: (563) 242-9016
Email: victorycenter@qwestoffice.com
Summary: Dayroom, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Hope Ministries
5075 E University Ste B
Des Moines, IO 50327
Phone: (515) 265-7272
Email: lnegen@hopeiowa.org
Summary: Dayroom, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Beacon of Hope
1021 1st Avenue North
Fort Dodge, IO 50501
Phone: (515) 955-3366
Email: steveroe4660@yahoo.com
Summary: Community outreach program, emergency shelter.
The Gospel Mission
500 Bluff Street
Sioux City, IO 51102-3745
Phone: (712) 255-1769
Email: kim@thegospelmission.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery, and rehab program.
Kansas
Salina Rescue Mission, Inc
1716 Summers Rd
Salina, KS 67401
Phone: (785) 823-2610
Email: steve@salinarescuemission.com
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Topeka Rescue Mission
600 N Kansas Ave
Topeka, KS 66608
Phone: (785) 354-1744
Email: trm@trmonline.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Union Rescue Mission of Wichita
2800 N Hillside
Wichita, KS 67219
Phone: (316) 687-4673
Email: execdir@urmwichita.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Kentucky
Lexington Rescue Mission
444 Glen Arvin Avenue
Lexington, KE 40508
Phone: (859) 381-9600
Email: info@lexingtonrescue.org
Summary: Community outreach program, case management, transitional housing.
Lighthouse Ministries, Inc
185 Elm Tree Ln
Lexington, KE 40507
Phone: (859) 259-3434
Email: lighthouse185@insightbb.com
Summary: Long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Louisville Rescue Mission
733 East Jefferson Street
Louisville, KE 40202
Phone: (502) 584-6543
Email: info@jeffersonstreet.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Isaiah House, Inc
2084 Main Street
Willisburg, KE 40078
Phone: (859) 375-9200
Email: news@isaiah-house.org
Summary: Long-term recovery and rehab program, case management, transitional housing.
Louisiana
New Orleans Mission
1129 Baronne Street
New Orleans, LA 70113
Phone: (504) 523-2116
Email: david@neworleansmission.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Shreveport-Bossier Rescue Mission
901 McNeil Street
Shreveport, LA 71101
Phone: (318) 227-2868
Email: acook@sbrescuemission.com
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing.
Maine
Hope Haven Gospel Mission
209 Lincoln Street
Lewiston, ME 04240
(207) 783-6086
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Oxford Street Shelter for Men
203 Oxford Street
Portland, ME 0410
Phone: (207) 761-2072
Summary: Housing placement assistance, mental health services, substance abuse services, police on-site for safety.
Maryland
Helping Up Mission
1029 East Baltimore Street
Baltimore, MD 21202
Phone: (410) 675-7500
Email: bgehman@helpingup.org
Summary: Helping Up Mission provides men with housing, meals, showers and substance abuse treatment referrals.
Baltimore Interfaith Hospitality Network
4213 Loch Raven Blvd.
Baltimore, MD 21218
Phone: (410) 235-2111
Email: info@baltimoreihn.org
Summary: IHN provides emergency housing for families in need.
The Light House
206 West Street
Annapolis, MD 21401
Phone: (410) 263-1835
Summary: The Light House provides emergency housing for both families and individuals.
The Agape House
222 North Carrollton Avenue
Baltimore, MD 21223
Phone: (410) 728-2222
Email: agape_people@yahoo.com
Summary: The Agape House is an emergency housing program for women mothers and their children.
American Rescue Workers
1401 South Hanover Street
Baltimore, MD 21230
Phone: (410) 566-3300
Email: arw@arwmd.org
Summary: American Rescue Workers provides shelter, meals, showers and substance abuse referrals.
Catholic Charities – Sarah’s House
2015 20th Street
Fort Meade, MD 20755
Phone: (410) 551-7722
Email: bclopein@cc-md.org
Summary: Sarah’s House provides housing, childcare, counseling, and employment programs.
Brown Memorial Shelter
3215 Belvedere Avenue
Baltimore, MD 21215
Phone: (410) 542-5700
Email: bmbcviolet@aol.com
Summary: Brown Memorial Shelter provides individuals with emergency housing.
St. John‘s of Baltimore City – Hearts Place
2640 St. Paul Street
Baltimore, MD 21218
Phone: (410) 235-9269
Email: stjohnbmore@earthlink.net
Summary: Hearts Place Shelter provides 3 nights of stay. They also provide meals, showers, counseling and substance abuse referrals.
Massachusetts
Springfield Rescue Mission
19 Bliss Street
Springfield, MA 01102
Phone: (413) 732-0808
Email: srm@springfieldrescuemission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Elizabeth Stone House
PO Box 300039
Jamaica Plain, MA 02130
Phone: (617) 427-9801
Summary: Elizabeth Stone House helps families heal and women reclaim control over their lives.
Michigan
Detroit Rescue Mission
150 Stimson
Detroit, MI 48201
Phone: (313) 993-4700
Email: no available email
Summary: Detroit Rescue Mission provides housing, meals, clothing, alcohol, and drug recovery referrals.
Kalamazoo Gospel Mission – Women’s Ministries
448 North Burdick Street
Kalamazoo, MI 49007
Phone: (269) 345-2974
Email: womensshelter@kzoogospel.org
Summary: Women’s Ministries provides housing, meals, support groups, chapel services, and child care to women and children.
City Rescue Mission
607 East Michigan Avenue
Lansing, MI 48912
Phone: (517) 485-0145
Email: mark@lcrm.org
Summary: City Rescue Mission provides shelter for men, women, and women with children. also substance abuse referrals.
Interfaith Hospitality – Alpha House
4290 Jackson Road
Ann Arbor, MI 48103
Phone: (734) 822-0220
Email: info@alphahouse-inn.org
Summary: Alpah House provides up to 90 days of housing to families.
Shelter Association of Washtenaw County
P.O. Box 7370
Ann Arbor, MI 48107
Phone: (734) 662-2829
Email: info@annarborshelter.org
Summary: This program provides up to 90 days of housing, participants must remain clean and sober during their stay.
Bay Area Women’s Center
P.O. Box 1458
Bay City, MI 48706
Phone: (989) 686-2251
Summary: The Bay Area Women‘s Center provides emergency housing for women and women with children, primarily for domestic violence victims.
The Salvation Army
Benton Harbor, MI 49022
Phone: (269) 927-1353
Summary: The Salvation Army provides up to 30 days of housing, meals and clothing, also alcohol and drug recovery programs.
Eastside Emergency Center
5075 Chalmers Street
Detroit, MI 48213
Phone: (313) 824-3060
Summary: The Eastside Emergency Center provides transitional housing to individuals and families.
Minnesota
Marie Sandvik Center, Inc.
1112 East Franklin Ave.
Minneapolis, MN 55404
Phone: (612) 870-9617
Email: msc@usfamily.net
Summary: Long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing.
Union Gospel Mission – Twin Cities
77 E Ninth St.
Saint Paul, MN 55101
Phone: (651) 228-1800
Email: cmorgan@ugmtc.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Mississippi
Gateway Rescue Mission
328 South Gallatin St.
Jackson, MS 39203
Phone: (601) 353-5864
Email: pmelvin@gatewaymission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery, and rehab program.
Overcoming Abuse God’s Way
5880 Southridge Drive
Olive Branch, MS 38654
Phone: (901) 605-8087
Email: janet@overcomingabuseGodsway.com
Summary: Emergency shelter, community outreach program specialized for abused women.
Home of Grace
14200 Jericho Rd
Vancleave, MS 39565
Phone: (228) 826-5283
Email: jbarton@homeofgrace.org
Summary: Community outreach program, emergency shelter, transitional housing, case management.
Missouri
Sunshine Ministries
1520 N. 13th Street
St. Louis, MO 63106
Phone: (314) 231-8209
Email: sunshine@sunshineministries.org
Summary: Sunshine Ministries provides men with shelter, meals, chapel services, counseling and substance abuse treatment referrals.
New Life Evangelistic Center
1411 Locust Street
St. Louis, MO 63103
Phone: (314) 421-3020
Summary: This program provides up to 14 days of emergency housing for men, women, and children.
Kansas City Rescue Mission
1520 Cherry Street
Kansas City, MO 64108
Phone: (816) 421-7643
Email: info@kcrm.org
Summary: Kansas City Rescue Mission provides housing, food, and medical care.
City Union Mission
1100 E. 11th Street
Kansas City, MO 64106
Phone: (816) 474-9380
Email: info@cumission.org
Summary: City Union Mission provides families and single women with shelter, meals, spiritual counseling, and case management.
The Salvation Army
602 N. Ann Street
Columbia, MO 65201
Phone: (573) 442-1984
Email: james.chapman@usc.salvationarmy.org
Summary: The Salvation Army provides emergency housing for up to 7 days, alcohol and drug recovery referrals.
ReStart – Emergency Shelter
918 East 9th Street
Kansas City, MO 64106
Phone: (816) 472-5664
Summary: ReStart provides emergency housing, meals, case management, alcohol and drug recovery program referrals.
Family Violence Center
519 E. Cherry
Springfield, MO 65801
Phone: (417) 837-7700
Summary: The Family Violence Center provides women and women with children with housing, meals, counseling, support groups, and case management.
The Kitchen – Rare Breed Residence
215 S. Campbell
Springfield, MO 65806
Phone: (417) 865-6400
Email: rarebreed@thekitcheninc.org
Summary: The Rare Breed Residence provides emergency housing for youth between the ages of 17 and 20 years old.
Montana
Montana Rescue Mission
2902 Minnesota Avenue
Billings, MT 59101
Phone: (406) 259-3800
Email: mtmission@180com.net
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Great Falls Rescue Mission
311 2nd Ave So.
Great Falls, MT 59405
Phone: (406) 761-2653
Email: jeremy.trebas@gfrm.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Union Gospel Mission of Missoula
506 B Toole Ave
Missoula, MT 59802
Phone: (406) 542-5240
Email: missoula316@aol.com
Summary: Day room, long-term recovery program, case management.
Nebraska
Crossroads Center Rescue Mission
702 W 14th Street
Hastings, NE 68901-5154
Phone: (402) 462-6460
Email: info@crossroadsmission.com
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Peoples City Mission
110 Q Street
Lincoln, NE 68501
Phone: (402) 475-1303
Email: jowen@peoplescitymission.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Open Door Mission
PO Box 8340
Omaha, NE 68108-8340
Phone: (402) 422-1111
Email: cgregory@opendoormission.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Hands of Faith Ministries
7490 State Highway 87
Whiteclay, NE 69365
Phone: (308) 862-4299
Summary: Long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing.
Nevada
Las Vegas Rescue Mission
480 West Bonanza Road
Las Vegas, NV 89106
Phone: (702) 382-1766
Email: dick@vegasrescue.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
New Hampshire
New Hampshire Rescue Mission
PO Box 1024
Nashua, NH 03061
Phone: (603) 889-342
Email: admin@snhrm.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, recovery and rehab program, case management.
New Jersey
Goodwill Rescue Mission
79 University Avenue
Newark, NJ 07102
Phone: (973) 621-9560
Email: goodwill@grmnewark.org
Summary: Goodwill Rescue Mission provides shelter, meals, showers, healthcare and substance abuse referrals to men.
Atlantic City Rescue Mission
2009 Bacharach Blvd.
Atlantic City, NJ 08404
Phone: (609) 345-5517
Email: acrm@acrescuemission.org
Summary: Atlantic City Rescue Mission provides emergency shelter, meals, and treatment referrals for individuals with alcohol or other drug-related problems.
Covenant House – Atlantic City
929 Atlantic Avenue
Atlantic City, NJ 08401
Phone: (609) 348-4070
Email: chousenj@covenanthouse.org
Summary: The Atlantic Covenant House provides youth between the ages of 17 and 21 with housing, food, counseling, and healthcare.
Interfaith Hospitality Network – Mercer County
121 E. Hanover Street
Trenton, NJ 08608
Phone: (609) 396-8849
Summary: IHN provides emergency housing for families in need.
Center for Families Services
250 Delsea Drive
Glassboro, NJ 08028
Phone: (856) 881-6100
Summary: Center for Families Services is a short-term residence for neglected youth between the ages of 9 and 17.
Vetwork
103 North Main Street
Forked River, NJ 08731
Phone: (609) 971-7613
Summary: Vetwork provides emergency housing and a wide range of services to veterans in need.
Fresh Start
1880 Princeton Avenue
Lawrenceville, NJ 08648
Phone: (609) 989-9417
Email: homefront@homefrontnj.org
Summary: Fresh Start is a short-term housing program for families in need.
180 Turning Lives Around
1 Bethany Road Building 3
Hazlet, NJ 07730
Phone: (888) 843-9262
Summary: Safe House provides 30 to 60 days of stay for women and women with children who have been victims of domestic violence or sexual assault.
New Mexico
Albuquerque Rescue Mission
525 2nd Street
Albuquerque, NM 87102
Phone: (505) 346-4673
Email: info@albqrescue.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery program, case management.
Joy Junction
4500 2nd St SW
Albuquerque, NM 87125
Phone: (505) 877-6967
Email: jeremyreynalds@comcast.net
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Las Cruces Gospel Rescue Mission. Inc.
P.O. Box 386
Las Cruces, NM 88004-0386
Phone: (575) 523-7727
Email: hope@lcgrm.org
Summary: Community outreach program, emergency shelter.
New York
St. Paul’s House
335 W. 51st Street
New York, NY 10019
Phone: (212) 265-5433
Summary: Men’s Shelter (residents must be employed or in the process of seeking employment).
The Bowery Mission
45-51 Avenue D
New York, NY 10009
Phone: 1-800-BOWERY-1
Email: info@chaonline.org
Summary: The Bowery Mission’s Transition Center offers hope to formerly drug-addicted men with their 6-9 month residential recovery program.
New York City Rescue Mission
90 Lafayette Street
New York, NY 10013
Phone: (212) 226-6214
Email: info@nycrescue.org
Summary: Emergency shelter for men and recovery program.
Open Door Mission
156 Plymouth Avenue North
Rochester, NY 14608
Phone: (585) 454-6696
Email: bhenry@odmmail.com
Summary: A Christian-based residential program for individuals who abuse alcohol or other drugs.
Covenant House
460 West 41st Street
New York, NY 10036
Phone: (212) 613-0300
Email: info@covenanthouseny.org
Summary: Emergency shelter for homeless youth under the age of 21 (special programs for clients who suffer from substance abuse as well as for mothers with children).
Sanctuary for Families
P.O. Box 1406
Wall St. Station
New York, NY 10268
Phone: (212) 349-6009
Summary: Sanctuary for Families operates 4 crisis shelters for women and women with children at confidential locations.
Buffalo City Mission
100 E. Tupper Street
Buffalo, NY 14203
Phone: (716) 854-8181
Email: acalhoun@buffalocitymission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter and recovery program for men.
Buffalo City Mission – Cornerstone Manor
150 E. North Street
Buffalo, NY 14203
Phone: (716) 852-0761
Email: acalhoun@buffalocitymission.org
Summary: Cornerstone Manor provides emergency shelter for single women and families.
North Carolina
Charlotte Emergency Housing
2410 The Plaza
Charlotte, NC 28205
Phone: (704) 335-5488
Email: info@charlotteemergencyhousing.org
Summary: Charlotte Emergency Housing provides emergency residence for families with children.
Uptown Shelter
1210 North Tryon Street
Charlotte, NC 28206
Phone: (704) 334-1545
Email: development@uptownshelter.org
Summary: Uptown Shelter provides emergency housing for men, alcohol and drug recovery referrals.
Urban Ministry Center
945 North College Street
Charlotte, NC 28206
Phone: (704) 347-3570
Email: jputnam@urbanministrycenter.org
Summary: The Urban Ministry Center provides housing and meals to individuals and families.
Good Shepherd Center
811 Martin Street
Wilmington, NC 28401
Phone: (910) 763-4424
Summary: Good Shepherd Center provides emergency housing and dinner for men, women, and families with children.
Raleigh Rescue Mission
314 E. Hargett Street
Raleigh, NC 27601
Phone: (919) 833-6162
Email: info@raleigh-rescue.org
Summary: Raleigh Rescue Mission provides women and children with housing, meals, medical care, alcohol and drug recovery programs.
Western Carolina Rescue Mission
225 Patton Avenue
P.O. Box 909
Asheville, NC 28802
Phone: (828) 254-0428
Email: hope@wcrminc.org
Summary: Western Carolina Rescue Mission supports men in a drug and alcohol recovery program and men that need emergency housing.
Guilford Interfaith Hospitality Network
P.O. Box 20227
Greensboro, NC 27420
Phone: (336) 574-0333
Email: director@GIHN@org
Summary: GIHN provides housing for families for up to 6 months.
Christians United Outreach Center
135 Sunset Avenue
Asheboro, NC 27204
Phone: (336) 625-9152
Email: office@FPCAsheboro.com
Summary: The Christians United Outreach Center provides emergency shelter and transitional housing for both individuals and families.
North Dakota
New Life Center
1902 3rd Ave N
Fargo, ND 58102
Phone: (701) 235-4453
Email: rob.swiers@fargonlc.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Northlands Rescue Mission
420 Division Ave
Grand Forks, ND58201-4624
Phone: (701) 772-6609
Email: contactus@jointhemission.org
Summary: Community outreach program, emergency shelter, case management.
Ohio
Homeless Hotline for Columbus and Franklin County
614-274-7000
Summary: For individuals and families to learn about shelter resources.
The City Mission
5310 Carnegie Avenue
Cleveland, OH 44103
Phone: (216) 572-5500
Email: pbliss@thecitymission.org
Summary: The City Mission provides housing, meals, daily chapel service, healthcare and substance abuse referrals.
Interfaith Hospitality Network – Cincinnati
2110 St. Michael Street
Cincinnati, OH 43204
Phone: (513) 471-1100
Email: ihn@ihncincinnati.org
Summary: IHN provides meals and housing for families.
Family Promise of Greater Toledo
434 Western Avenue
Toledo, OH 43609
Phone: (419) 242-5166
Summary: Overnight emergency housing for families.
Domestic Violence Center
P.O. Box 5466
Cleveland, OH 44101
Phone: (216) 651-8575
Summary: The Shelter provides confidential residence for women and children who have been victims of domestic violence. Also provides group support, children services, and counseling.
The Drop Inn Center – Men’s Recovery
217 W. 12th Street
Cincinnati, OH 45212
Phone: (513) 721-0643
Summary: The Men’s Recovery program is a certified 6-month, 20-unit residential alcohol and drug recovery program for men. The program consists of group counseling, education on chemical dependency, community service and job training.
Cherry Street Mission
105 17th Street
Toledo, OH 43624
Phone: (419) 242-5141
Email: danrogers@cherrystreetmission.org
Summary: Cherry Street Mission provides shelter men and women, residents have the option of entering the Mission’s Ready For Life Program.
Access – Emergency Residence for Women
230 W Market St.
Akron, OH 44303
Phone: (330) 535-2999
Email: Info@Access-Shelter.org
Summary: Emergency Shelter provides housing for women and children. Meals and case management is provided.
Oklahoma
City Rescue Mission, Inc.
800 W California Ave
Oklahoma City, OK 73106-7807
Phone: (405) 232-2709
Email: hope@cityrescue.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Jesus House
1335 W. Sheridan
Oklahoma City, OK 73106
Phone: (405) 232-7164
Email: michael.bateman@jesushouseokc.org
Summary: Community outreach program, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
John 3:16 Mission
205 E Pine St Suite 103
Tulsa, OK 74106
Phone: (918) 587-1186
Email: spw@john316mission.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Lighthouse Outreach Center
1411 West Hensley
Bartlesville, OK 74003
Phone: (918) 336-9029
Email: rick12gard@yahoo.com
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program.
Oregon
Portland Rescue Mission
111 W. Burnside
Portland, OR 97209
Phone: (503) 227-0421
Email: info@pdxmission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Union Gospel Mission
3 NW Third Ave.
Portland, OR 97209-3919
Phone: (503) 274-4483
Email: cherylw@ugmportland.org
Summary: Long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Medford Gospel Mission
125 W Jackson St
Medford, OR 97501
Phone: (541) 779-1597
Email: medfordgospelmission@juno.com
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Union Gospel Mission of Salem
745 Commercial St NE
Salem, OR 97301
Phone: (503) 967-6388
Email: mrideout@ugmsalem.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Pennsylvania
Bethleham Haven – Women’s Residence
Fifth Avenue Commons
905 Watson Street
Pittsburgh, PA 15219
Phone: (412) 391-1348
Email: info@bethlehemhaven.org
Summary: Allows 60 days of housing a year and provides case management, parenting classes, substance abuse referrals.
Bethesda Mission – Women’s Residence
2101 N. Front Street
Building 1, Suite 301
Harrisburg, PA 17110
Phone: (717) 257-4442
Email: Bethesda@paonline.com
Summary: This is a residence for women and children only. They provide meals and housing, rehabilitation and stress management programs.
Covenant House – Pennsylvania
417 Callowhill Street
Philadelphia, PA 19123
Phone: (215) 923-8350
Email: sipeddicord@covenanthousepa.org
Summary: The Covenant House provides assistance to youth ages 21 and younger. Has medical and legal aid available, as well as education and substance abuse classes.
East End Cooperative Ministry
116 S. Highland Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15206
Phone: (412) 362-6854
Email: eecm@eecm.org
Summary: Overnight residence for men, open from 7 pm to 8 am. Detox and rehabilitation referrals available.
East End Cooperative Ministry – Compassionate Care
250 N. Highland Ave.
Pittsburgh, PA 15206
Phone: (412) 361-5549
Email: eecm@eecm.org
Summary: Compassionate Care provides housing for adults that can’t return to their prior home after being discharged from the hospital.
Adams County Shelter
102 North Stratton Street
Gettysburg, PA 17325
Phone: (717) 337-2413
Email: no email available
Summary: ACS provides food and housing for up to 30 days, life skills education, budgeting education substance abuse referrals.
Adolescent Semi-Independent Living Program
250 Shady Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15206
Phone: (412) 661-1800
Email: info@familylinks.org
Summary: The Adolescent Semi-Independent Living Program provides supervised apartment living for youth between the ages of 15 and 18.
St. Anthony‘s Haven
409 Olive Street
Scranton, PA 18509
Phone: (570) 342-1295
Summary: St. Anthony’s Haven provides shelter, food, and case management for both men and women in need.
Rhode Island
Crossroads Rhode Island
160 Broad Street
Providence RI 02903
Phone: (401) 521-2255
Email: information@crossroadsri.org
Summary: Crossroads’ goal is to move people out of the emergency shelter and into a more positive permanent housing solution as quickly as possible. We operate multiple shelters in order to best serve the specific needs of clients who come from diverse backgrounds and situations.
South Carolina
Oliver Gospel Mission
1100 Taylor Street
Columbia, SC 29201
Phone: (803) 254-6470
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Miracle Hill Ministries, Inc.
PO Box 2546
Greenville, SC 29602-2546
Phone: (864) 268-4357
Email: rlehman@miraclehill.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Greenwood Pathway House
210 Panola Ave
Greenwood, SC 29646
Phone: (864) 223-4460
Summary: Emergency shelter.
South Dakota
Cornerstone Rescue Mission
30 Main St.
Rapid City, SD 57701
Phone: (605) 341-2844
Email: csrm@cornerstonemission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, transitional housing, case management.
Tennessee
Memphis Union Mission
383 Poplar Ave.
Memphis, TN 38105
Phone: (901) 526-8403
Email: SBjork@memphisunionmission.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Nashville Rescue Mission
639 Lafayette
Nashville, TN 37203
Phone: (615) 255-2475
Email: rescue@nashvillerescuemission.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Knox Area Rescue Ministries, Inc.
418 North Broadway
Knoxville, TN 37917
Phone: (865) 673-6540
Email: info@karm.org
Summary: KARM’s emergency and residential shelter for men, women and families are home to nearly 400 people each night, providing a safe place of encouragement to those in need.
Haven of Rest Rescue Mission of Bristol, Inc
624 Anderson Street
Bristol, TN 37620
Phone: (423) 968-2011
Email: bristolmission@aol.com
Summary: Long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing.
Texas
Star of Hope Mission
1811 Ruiz
Houston, TX 77002
Phone: (713) 227-8900
Email: giving@sohmission.org
Summary: Star of Hope Mission offers a 6-month rehabilitation program and a 12-month transitional housing program for men.
The Salvation Army of Houston – Adult Rehabilitation Center
2118 Washington Ave.
Houston, TX 77007
Phone: (713) 869-3551
Email: Cecil_Brogden@uss.salvationarmy.org
Summary: The Adult Rehabilitation Center is a residential program for men who are addicted to alcohol and drugs.
Open Door Mission
5803 Harrisburg
Houston, TX 77011
Phone: (713) 921-7520
Email: rlohr@opendoorhouston.org
Summary: Open Door Mission provides a 9-month Bible-based drug and alcohol recovery program for men
Star of Hope Mission – Women & Family Shelter
419 Dowling
Houston, TX 77003
Phone: (713) 222-2220
Email: giving@sohmission.org
Summary: The Women and Family Shelter has the capacity to house up to 300 residents in their 71 motel type rooms.
The Salvation Army of Houston – Family Residence
1603 McGowen
Houston, TX 77004
Phone: (713) 650-6530
Summary: The program accepts single women, single women with children, single men with children and married couples with children. Guests can stay as long as its necessary to help them get back on their feet.
Union Gospel Mission – Calvert Place
3211 Irving Blvd
Dallas, TX 75247
Phone: (214) 637-6117
Email: info@ugmdallas.org
Summary: Union Gospel Mission offers counseling, life-skill classes, job training and transitional housing.
Union Gospel Mission – Center of Hope
4815 Cass Street
Dallas, TX 75235
Phone: (214) 638-2988
Email: info@ugmdallas.org
Summary: Center of Hope is a shelter for women and their children. The Center has the capacity to house up to 234 women.
Front Steps – ARCH
500 E. 7th Street
Austin, TX 78701
Phone: (512) 305-4100
Email: afogarty@frontsteps.org
Summary: ARCH provides emergency shelter for men, the shelter draws a lottery at 6:15 to determine which clients can stay for the night. A clinic, located on the first floor, provides health services.
Utah
The Road Home
210 S. Rio Grande Street
Salt Lake City, UT 84101
Phone: (801) 359-4142
Summary: Emergency shelter, transitional housing, case management.
Rescue Mission of Salt Lake
463 South 400 West
Salt Lake City, UT 84101
Phone: (801) 355-1302
Email: info@rescuesaltlake.org
Summary: The Rescue Mission of Salt Lake provides emergency services to homeless persons and an inpatient recovery program to help people permanently leave their life on the streets.
Salt Lake City Mission
1151 South Redwood Road, Suite 106
Salt Lake City, UT 84104
Phone: (801) 355-6310
Email: ceo@saltlakecitymission.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Safe Harbor
P.O. Box 772
Kaysville, UT 84037
Phone: (801) 444-9161
Email: dccav@xmission.com
Summary: Safe Harbor provides shelter, supportive services and advocacy to survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault.
Vermont
John W. Graham Shelter
69 Main Street
Vergennes, VT 05491
Phone: (802) 877-2677
Email: ielizabeth.shelter@gmail.com
Summary: The John W. Graham Emergency Shelter, located at 69 Main Street in Vergennes Vermont, provides food, shelter, housing, services and hope to homeless individuals and families from around Vermont.
Virginia
Freedom House
1201 Hull Street
Richmond, VA 23224
Phone: (804) 233-3867
Email: ken@freedomhouserichmond.org
Summary: Freedom House provides up to 12 months of temporary housing for adult men and women, rehabilitation and substance abuse referrals.
CARITAS – Single Adult Program
P.O. Box 25790
Richmond, VA 23260
Phone: (804) 358-0964
Email: info@caritasshelter.org
Summary: The Single Adult Program provides shelter and meals to single adults, substance abuse referrals available.
Doorways – Family Residence
P.O. Box 100185
Arlington, VA 22210
Phone: (703) 522-8858
Email: info@doorwaysva.org
Summary: This program provides temporary housing for women and families.
Span – Emergency Shelter
2049 N. 15th Street
Arlington, VA 22201
Phone: (703) 528-3082
Email: shelter@a-span.org
Summary: This Shelter is open from November 1st to March 31st and provides housing, meals, rehab referrals and support groups.
The Dwelling Place
P.O. Box 6194
Norfolk, VA 23508
Phone: (757) 624-9879
Email: tmanthey@infionline.net
Summary: The Dwelling Place provides temporary housing for families in need.
Katherine K. Hanley Family Residence
13000 Lee Highway
Fairfax, VA 22030
Phone: (571) 522-6800
Email: info@shelterhouse.org
Summary: The Katherine K. Hanley Family residence provides families with shelter, support groups, and after-school tutoring.
Crossroads Emergency Shelter
Wytheville, VA 24382
Phone: (276) 228-9270
Email: contact@crossroads-shelter.org
Summary: This program provides temporary housing and case management for single men, women, and families.
St. Joseph’s Villa
8000 Brook Road
Richmond, VA 23227
Phone: (804) 553-3200
Email: mlucero@sjvmail.net
Summary: St. Joseph’s Villa provides up to 120 days of housing for children between the ages of 12 and 17.
Washington
Bread of Life Mission
97 S Main St.
Seattle, WA 98104
Phone: (206) 682-3579
Email: willie@breadoflifemission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing.
Seattle’s Union Gospel Mission
3800 South Othello Street
Seattle, WA 98118-3562
Phone: (206) 723-0767
Email: mission@ugm.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Spokane Union Gospel Mission
1224 E Trent
Spokane, WA 99202
Phone: (509) 535-8510
Email: info@ugmspokane.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Olympia Union Gospel Mission
413 Franklin Street NE
Olympia, WA 98507-7665
Phone: (360) 709-9725
Email: ougm@reachone.com
Summary: There are many reasons why people become homeless and poor. We do not judge their reasons. Rather, we seek to help them find ways to become godly, productive members of society. In order for us to accomplish this task, many things must happen. There must be a place where men, women, boys and girls feel safe and find they are loved and accepted as they are.
West Virginia
Union Mission Ministries
700 S Park Rd
Charleston, WV 25304
Phone: (304) 925-0366
Email: rex@wefeedpeople.com
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
West Virginia Rescue Ministries, Inc
107 Jefferson St
Fairmont, WV 26554-3162
Phone: (304) 523-0293
Email: info@huntingtoncitymission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
Huntington City Mission
624 10th St.
Huntington, WV 25701
Phone: (509) 535-8510
Email: info@ugmspokane.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, transitional housing, case management.
Wisconsin
Milwaukee Rescue Mission
830 N 19th Street
Milwaukee, WI 53233-161
Phone: (414) 344-2211
Email: pvanderb@milmission.org
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, transitional housing, case management.
GIFTS Men’s Shelter
419 E Court Street
Janesville, WI 53545
Phone: (608) 728-4941
Email: stephanieburton703@yahoo.com
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, case management.
Hope Gospel Mission
2511 Moholt Dr.
Eau Claire, WI 54703
Phone: (715) 839-9498
Email: sandi@hopegospelmission.org
Summary: Emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
Frederick Place
204 West Frederick Street
Rhinelander, WI 54501
Phone: (715) 369-9777
Email: nathnorthwoods@gmail.com
Summary: Frederick Place is a 16-bed emergency, temporary shelter for families, women and men who are experiencing homelessness.
Wyoming
Central Wyoming Rescue Mission
230 N. Park Street
Casper, WY 82601
Phone: (307) 265-3002
Email: carl@cwrm.org
Summary: CWRM provides food, shelter and assistance to anyone in need, and offers those who are addicted and downtrodden the opportunity to overcome their cycle of homelessness through our Long-Term Residential 12-step Recovery Program.
Good Samaritian Mission
PO Box 1218
Jackson, WY 83001-1218
Phone: (307) 733-3165
Email: chuck@goodsamaritanmission.us
Summary: Day room, emergency shelter, long-term recovery and rehab program, case management.
References
- “50 Degree Temperature Ranges.” National Weather Service, https://www.weather.gov/ama/50ranges/.
- Romaszko, Jerzy. “Mortality among the homeless: Causes and meteorological relationships.” US National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, 21 December 2017, https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5739436/.
- Kusmer, Kenneth (2002). Down And Out, On the Road: The Homeless in American History. New York, NY: Oxford University Press.
- Homeless Shelters Community Outreach Programs and Services, http://www.homelessshelterssite.org/.
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/tag/activism/

A Judge’s Ruling Aims to...
A Judge’s Ruling Aims to Oust Public Lands Chief. Now Some Want His Decisions Tossed, Too
read moreA Judge’s Ruling Aims to Oust Public Lands Chief. Now Some Want His Decisions Tossed, Too
read moreQ&A: A Pioneer of Environmental Justice Explains Why He Sees Reason for Optimism
read moreA Win For The First Amendment (And Clean Energy) In Louisiana — #HB197 Vetoed
read moreAs Protests Rage Over George Floyd’s Death, Climate Activists Embrace Racial Justice
read moreThe ocean has issues: 7 biggest problems facing our seas, and how to fix them
read moreCan attitude help save the planet? A frightened climate reporter meets an ex-basketball player with a serious game plan.
read moreGreenpeace Activists Avoid Felony Charges Following a Protest Near Houston’s Oil Port
read moreLandmark Win for 5 Extinction Rebellion Activists Who Used Necessity Defense
read moreNational Grid says the project is needed to meet rising demand, but opponents see it as a means of connecting two interstate pipelines and boosting their capacities.
read moreFive luminaries explain the concept of ‘environmental justice’ and reveal why, alongside the climate crisis, it is one of the most pressing issues of our time
read moreLike many Americans, I worry about the state of the planet and try to make a positive impact through decisions in my day-to-day life.
read moreAt least seven other states have added stiff new penalties in the last few years for protesting near oil and gas pipelines and other ‘critical infrastructure.’
read moreClimate change protesters from Extinction Rebellion snarled traffic in Washington on Monday and again on Friday. You might find yourself asking, “Who helps pays for this activism?”
read moreI remember sitting in my room one day, feeling truly concerned about the fate of this planet.
read moreIt doesn’t mean the world can wait until 2030 to cut greenhouse gas emissions, or that chaos will erupt in 2030. Here’s what the science shows.
read morePledge to boycott Amazon today. Then get what you need from Prime Day
read moreThe words “Holocaust” and “concentration camp” were trending on Twitter on Tuesday. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez had referred to the prison camps that migrant children are being kept in as “concentration camps,” and a virtual war erupted.
read moreBill McKibben, a U.S. author and leading figure in global climate activism, has challenged adults to join a youth-led general strike in September, saying bold action may yet prevent civilization being cut off “at the knees.”
read moreMichael R. Bloomberg, the former mayor of New York City, said on Friday he would donate $500 million to a new campaign to close every coal-fired power plant in the United States
read moreDo marches convince bystanders to join a movement, or do they push them away? Sure, if you go out into the street waving a sign that says “There is no Planet B,” it feels like you’re doing something good.
read moreWe have the technology to prevent climate crisis. But now we need to unleash mass resistance too – because collective action does work
read moreWe need your action this week to stop SB 276 sponsored by Senator Richard Pan which interferes with and restricts the medical exemption to mandatory vaccinations in California.
read moreIn other words, it’s a socialist movement designed to impose the will of the people on the governments of the world. Oh, dear. Lots of people won’t like that! Is it having any effect?
read moreHistoric lawsuit launched by the Waorani people of Ecuador to save their homes—and our planet – from destruction.
read moreFlooding is a perennial danger for people living along Great Plains watersheds. But this spring the challenge has been epic in scale, calling forth individual resilience and the bonds of community.
read morePicking apart the National Planning Policy Framework (NPPF) from 2012 and the latest in 2019 was an interesting task, as it shows some interesting aspects where the priority has switched from protecting the Public to protecting the interests of the 5G roll out strategy.
read moreI wrote Figuring (public library) to explore the interplay between chance and choice, the human search for meaning in an unfeeling universe governed by equal parts precision and randomness, the bittersweet beauty of asymmetrical and half-requited loves…
read more“We participate in shattering myths about those living in poverty seeing the light, courage, intelligence, strength, and creativity of the people we encounter. We discover on the streets our common humanity, through which celebration, community, and healing occur.” —Faithful Fools Street Ministry, SF, California
read more16-year-old Greta Thunberg kickstarted the protests last year.
read more
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://globalpossibilities.org/indigenous-peoples-go-to-court-to-save-the-amazon-from-oil-company-greed/

Indigenous peoples go to court to save the Amazon from oil company greed
Historic lawsuit launched by the Waorani people of Ecuador to save their homes—and our planet – from destruction.
Get news the mainstream media doesn’t want you to see.
This article was produced by Earth | Food | Life, a project of the Independent Media Institute.
On February 27, hundreds of Indigenous Waorani elders, youth and leaders arrived in the city of Puyo, Ecuador. They left their homes deep in the Amazon rainforest to peacefully march through the streets, hold banners, sing songs and, most importantly, submit documents to the provincial Judicial Council to launch a lawsuit seeking to stop the government from auctioning off their ancestral lands in the Pastaza region to oil companies. An eastern jungle province whose eponymous river is one of the more than 1,000 tributaries that feed the mighty Amazon, Pastaza encompasses some of the world’s most biodiverse regions.
Co-filed with the Coordinating Council of the Waorani Nationality of Ecuador–Pastaza (Pastaza CONCONAWEP), a political organization of the Waorani, and the Ecuadorian Human Rights Ombudsman against the Ecuadorian Ministry of Energy and Non-Renewable Natural Resources, the Secretary of Hydrocarbons and the Ministry of Environment, the lawsuit alleges that the Waorani’s rights granted to them under the Ecuadorian constitution “were violated due to an improper consultation process prior to an oil auction which would offer up the Waorani’s lands in the Pastaza region to the highest bidding oil company,” according to Amazon Frontlines, a nonprofit advocacy group supporting the Indigenous peoples living in the Amazon rainforest. The government’s auction, announced in February of last year, included 16 new oil concessions covering nearly seven million acres of roadless, primary Amazonian forest across southeast Ecuador.
A hearing to argue the lawsuit was held in Puyo on March 13, but according to Amazon Frontlines, the group of assembled Waorani women “broke into song in court and did not stop” until the judge, “unable to be heard over the songs of the Waorani women … called the parties’ lawyers to the bench and declared the suspension of the hearing until a translator was found.” The Waorani said that, in keeping with Waorani tradition, they would only accept a translator approved by their elder leaders. “The Waorani have their own authorities and their own systems, which must be respected by the Western systems,” Lina Maria Espinosa, attorney for the Waorani petitioners and a member of Amazon Frontlines’ legal team, told the Independent Media Institute. “This case is an example of the country’s obligation to apply intercultural justice.”
Concessions vs. Constitutional rights
The concessions overlap with the titled territories of the Shuar, Achuar, Kichwa, Waorani, Shiwiar, Andoa and Sápara nations, with one block located almost entirely within Waorani territory. If taken over by the fossil fuel industry, the Indigenous coalition warns, the health and livelihoods of the communities living in the area – as well as the region’s unique biodiversity and sensitive ecosystem – will be threatened. But regardless of the environmental and sociocultural threat, the plaintiffs argue that the concessions trample on their constitutional rights.
In November 2018, following pressure from Ecuador’s Amazonian Indigenous nationalities, Carlos Pérez, the nation’s hydrocarbon minister, reduced the auction from 16 blocks to two. But it may end up being a pyrrhic victory, as the government said that the land may still be put on the auction block in the future. In addition, Pérez asserted that there should be no issue with the remaining two blocks, claiming that “there aren’t any Indigenous [people] there.” However, according to Amazon Watch, a nonprofit based in Oakland, California, the two blocks overlap with the titled territory of the Sápara, Shiwiar and Kichwa nations, and sightings of Tagaeri-Taromenane have been reported in the area, which is located along Ecuador’s border with Peru.
Adding insult to injury was the emergence in November 2018 of a leaked draft of a presidential decree that revealed the government’s plans to permit oil drilling in a protected area established for the Tagaeri-Taromenane that had previously been off-limits to fossil fuel development.
Industrial development vs. Indigenous people
Ecuador is one of the smallest oil producers in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) – only the Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea and Gabon pump less. But that has not hindered it from making big deals with oil-hungry nations. In 2009, a year after Ecuador defaulted on around $3 billion worth of debt, then-President Rafael Correa made an oil-for-cash agreement with China. In exchange for selling his nation’s crude oil to Petrochina, China provided Ecuador with a $1 billion loan.
Now the country seeks to attract investments totaling around $800 million to boost the production of oil, which the government maintains is critical to improving the nation’s economy. “It’s time for the private sector to invest,” said President Lenín Moreno in the 2018 televised address, arguing that public-private partnerships in the infrastructure, oil, energy, mining and telecoms sectors could generate $7 billion of investment by 2021.
The government, as it has for decades, is yet again facing stiff opposition against untrammeled industrial development from its Indigenous population. “We are demanding that the Ecuadorian state respect our territory and self-determination,” said Nemonte Nenquimo, a Waorani leader and CONCONAWEP representative. “This fight didn’t grow overnight; it’s been the fight of the Waorani for years.”
Indeed, the latest legal action launched in Puyo stems from the state’s broken promise. In December 2017, following a two-week, 200-mile march by Indigenous activists from the Amazon jungle to Quito, the nation’s capital, demanding an end to extractive industry development on their territories, the Moreno administration made a commitment to the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador (CONAIE), Ecuador’s largest Indigenous organization, to end new oil and mining concessions in regions where local Indigenous nationalities had not been consulted. However, as the current suit alleges, the Waorani were not properly consulted.
Specifically, Article 57, section 7 of the constitution guarantees “free prior informed consultation, within a reasonable period of time, on plans and programs for prospecting, producing and marketing nonrenewable resources located on their lands which could have an environmental or cultural impact on them.” The suit claims these rights were violated as the Waorani were not properly consulted prior to the announcement of the new oil concessions. In addition, the Ecuadorian government is also bound by two international agreements to consult with its Indigenous populations: Convention 169 of the International Labor Organization (ILO), ratified by the nation in 1998, and the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, which was adopted in 2007.
However, many activists and Indigenous leaders ultimately don’t want consultation at this point; they want oil development to end entirely. “We took the president at his word regarding the end of oil and mining concessions in our territories,” saidJaime Vargas, CONAIE’s president. “We don’t need more consultation, however. Given the destruction in the northern Ecuadorian Amazon and in other areas of the world at the hands of the oil industry, we already have enough information to say ‘No’ to all oil activity.”
Mitch Anderson, executive director and founder of Amazon Frontlines, which created a petition on behalf of the Waorani urging the Ecuadorian government to halt oil development on Indigenous land, told the Independent Media Institute:
“THERE ARE TWO DIFFERENT COURSES FOR THE ECUADORIAN GOVERNMENT HERE. THE FIRST IS AN ALL-IN BET ON OIL, AND THE LAST HALF-CENTURY HAS ALREADY SHOWN US WHAT THAT ROAD LEADS TO: ENVIRONMENTAL DEGRADATION, INSTITUTIONAL CORRUPTION AND FURTHER INDEBTEDNESS TO FOREIGN INTERESTS, IN THIS CASE CHINA. OR THEY CAN TAKE AN URGENTLY NEEDED, FORWARD-THINKING PATH WHICH SUPPORTS FOREST PROTECTION, RESPECTS INDIGENOUS RIGHTS AND PROMOTES INVESTMENT IN GREEN ECONOMIC ALTERNATIVES THAT WILL ULTIMATELY CONTRIBUTE TO THE BUILDING OF A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE FOR THE COUNTRY AND PLANET.”
“OIL HAS NOT BROUGHT DEVELOPMENT FOR THE WAORANI,” ALICIA CAHUIYA OF THE WAORANI GROUP TOLD PRESIDENT LENÍN MORENO AT A MEETING AT THE PRESIDENTIAL PALACE IN QUITO IN MARCH 2018. “IT HAS ONLY LEFT US WITH OIL SPILLS AND SICKNESS.”
A history of pollution
The current lawsuit is the latest salvo in a protracted battle between Indigenous people across Ecuador and fossil fuel interests that has been going on since 1993, when local tribes turned to the legal system to compel Texaco – and now Chevron, its parent company since 2000 – to clean up the Ecuadorian Amazon rainforest and care for the people who have been sickened by the oil operations that began in 1967, when Texaco struck oil in the country’s northeastern province of Sucumbíos.
In a 2008 Los Angeles Times op-ed about that legal battle, author and former public defender David Feige wrote that Texaco’s environmental legacy in the region “includes as many as 16 million gallons of spilled crude – 50 percent more than the Exxon Valdez dumped in Prince William Sound, Alaska, in 1989; hundreds of toxic waste pits, many containing the chemical-laden byproducts of drilling; and an estimated 18 billion gallons of waste, or ‘produced,’ water, which some tests have shown to contain possibly cancer-causing polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at levels many times higher than those permitted in the U.S. All these pollutants were discharged in one of the most sensitive ecosystems in the world – the Amazon rainforest.”
This troubling history makes the current administration’s push to auction off land to oil drilling all the more ill-advised. “When we extract oil, it has a very high price for the environment, and sometimes, it’s not paid by those who use the oil,” saidAntoni Rosell-Melé, an environmental chemist at the Autonomous University of Barcelona in Spain, who co-authored a 2017 study that found that the Amazon rainforest in neighboring Peru is suffering from extensive contamination from decades of fossil fuel development.
In that study, the researchers analyzed nearly 3,000 water samples from four Amazon rivers gathered between 1987 and 2013 and found an “extremely elevated presence of chloride, chromium, barium, lead and hexavalent chromium,” industrial chemicals involved in oil drilling that are toxic to humans, wildlife and the environment. The researchers also estimate that oil extraction activities in the region have changed the overall chemical composition of the Amazon’s waters, including 30 percent more salt than is naturally present.
Destroy the rainforests, destroy ourselves
The Indigenous fight in Ecuador is a fight that anyone who cares about biodiversity and the global climate should join. After all, the Ecuadorian Amazon isn’t just one of the most sensitive ecosystems in the world – it’s key for the environmental health of the entire planet. Known as the “lungs of the planet,” the Amazon rainforest “inhales” carbon dioxide and “exhales” oxygen, helping to stabilize the global climate by safely storing up to 140 billion metric tons of carbon. Deforestation by extractive and agricultural industries releases this carbon into the atmosphere, further accelerating global warming, the effects of which are felt across the world, from rising seas along U.S. coasts and melting Arctic glaciers, to wildfires in Europe and droughts in Africa.
Ecuador is also home to an astounding number of species. The nation is the eighth most biodiverse on Earth and the most biodiverse when considering the number of species by unit area. It is home to the highest number of species by area worldwide, including more than 1,500 species of birds, more than 840 species of reptiles and amphibians, and more than 300 species of mammals. Ecuador’s Yasuni National Park boasts nearly 20,000 plant species, more flora than anywhere on Earth.
But despite its high level of biodiversity, Ecuador also has a low representation of species living within its protected areas. According to a 2014 study conducted by a team of researchers from the Technological University Indoamerica in Quito, there are more than 100 vulnerable, endangered and critically endangered species in the Ecuadorian Amazon for which conservation goals have been missed. Lawyers for the Indigenous communities fighting oil development can also refer courts to the nation’s constitution, which provides “protection of ecosystems, biodiversity and the integrity of the country’s genetic assets, [as well as] the prevention of environmental damage.”
Unfortunately, the pro-drilling camp “doesn’t see the forest,” said Waorani leader Nenquimo in her keynote address at last year’s Bioneers conference in Marin, California, which gathered leaders and activists involved in environmental protection and the rights of nature around the globe. “They see oil wells where we see gardens. They see money where we see life.” Sharing her fight to protect her ancestral lands from exploitation by industrial development, Nenquimo warned that if given “a foothold in our lands,” the oil industry “will bring money, sickness and contamination. They will try to divide our families and change our way of thinking.”
“Our fight is not just a fight about oil,” she said. “This is a fight about different ways of living. One that protects life and one that destroys life.”
Penti Baihua, a leader of the Waorani village of Bameno, has seen firsthand the destruction of life that the outside world has brought to his idyllic slice of the jungle – from the oil spills that drive out local species his people rely on for sustenance to the destruction of ancient rainforest to make room for new cocoa and coffee plantations. What will happen to him, his family, and his community if extractive and agricultural industries continue the destruction of his ancestral home? Baihua said simply, “We do not want to disappear.”
Follow Us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------