ROOT: https://southern-energy.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:36:03.930723Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 21

================================================================================

URL: https://southern-energy.com/

We help you save energy and money so you can break free from the utility and build your own clean and efficient energy future.
Solar energy installations in North Carolina. Certified Tesla Powerwall Installer. 3,000+ happy solar & battery customers.
Turn-key commercial solar power solutions for businesses and non-profits in North Carolina and South Carolina.
HERS ratings, code testing, green program certification, and zero energy consulting for builders in NC and SC.
Building performance inspections, green certifications, and incentive guidance for multifamily developers across the US.
Discover. Talk to our solar educators to learn about solar power. Fill out a free solar quote request form to get started.
Design. Work with one of our solar designers to customize a system that meets your home and family’s energy goals.
Save. Enjoy 30+ years of sunny savings — Save the world, save your wallet, save the future!
Evaluate. Schedule a discovery meeting to review your energy use and answer your solar questions.
Design. Our experts create a customized a solar energy plan that takes advantage of tax and utility incentives to maximize your savings.
Relax. Once your system is designed, our teams jump into action to make your solar vision a reality. We provide everything from design & engineering to grant writing & financial partnership to make investing in solar as easy as possible.
Plan. Schedule a one-on-one meeting with our team to review your goals and challenges. Our team of building science experts crafts a custom home performance plan to meet your needs, and you decide when to get started.
Train.We onboard your trades and our building performance techs inspect your homes within 48 hours of a schedule request.
Analyze. We continue to add value to your team with data reporting, sales training, and marketing support.
Evaluate. Schedule a meeting to review your next project.
Customize. We’ll build a custom plan based on your goals and timeline.
Sit Back. We’ll handle everything from there — from educating your subs, to paperwork and leasing staff training.
Reach out to our project teams to share your goals and learn more!
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/builder-services/

Home efficiency & Performance
Builder Services
We help builders construct healthy & efficient homes that prevent headaches during and after construction, and improve the occupants’ quality of life.
Home efficiency & Performance
We help builders construct healthy & efficient homes that prevent headaches during and after construction, and improve the occupants’ quality of life.
Whether you’re looking for code testing, interested in capturing efficiency incentives, or ready to get started with a green building certification program, we’re here to support you and meet you wherever you are on your performance path.
Air leakage testing & comprehensive air sealing package.
Schedule a one-on-one meeting with our team to review your goals & challenges.
Our team crafts a custom home performance plan to meet your needs, and you decide when to get started.
We onboard your trades and our building performance techs inspect your homes within 48 hours of a schedule request.
We continue to add value to your team with data reporting, sales trainings, and marketing support.
The truth is, it depends on your goals and/or desired certification program, and your baseline spec package. Our commitment is to help our customers find the most cost effective way to meet their goals. We can often help offset any incurred costs through increased labor and material efficiencies, avoidance of long-term issues, incentives, and selling the value of your high-performance home at a premium. Reach out for a custom pricing package!
No! Our services are designed to fit seamlessly into your build cycle. Plus, we guarantee to be on-site within 48 hours of a schedule request.
We’ll have a discovery call to identify your goals, budget, timeline, and market position and make recommendations best fitted to your needs. In short, we meet you where you are.
Consumers are very wary of so-called “green-washing” and often look to independent sources for reviews and certifications, much like Yelp for restaurants and Rotten Tomatoes for movies.
We provide training and educational resources to marketing staff, sales agents, and trades to ensure you can capture the full value of your high-performance homes. We can also support you with custom marketing collateral to help share your sustainability story.
We know that building a home is complex, and that it’s frustrating and costly to solve unexpected problems. Since 2001, we’ve helped builders solve home performance challenges to build more efficient homes, profitably and on schedule — without the headaches during or after construction.
Schedule a meeting with us today to review your home performance goals and challenges.
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/get-in-touch-builder-services/

You’re in the right place! Fill out the form to get started and we’ll be in touch to review your home performance goals and challenges.
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/about-us/

We improve the way people make and use energy
Maria and Bob Kingery, Co-Founders of Southern Energy Management
Southern Energy Management is the Southeast’s rooftop solar and building performance expert. We’re a team of 190+ building scientists, solar professionals, and entrepreneurs dedicated to improving the way the world makes and uses energy. We’re passionate about continuously innovating and leading the energy market while maintaining our core values.
Co-Ownership Team with Co-Founders, Bob and Maria Kingery
In 2024, seven of Southern Energy Management’s most experienced leadership team members purchased the company from Bob and Maria Kingery. Each of our co-owners bring over a decade of experience leading teams at Southern Energy Management. This transition was a carefully planned evolution, and is a bold next step in sustaining the next chapter of our sustainable energy company.
We believe companies should make more than just money; they should make a difference. That’s why we joined companies like Patagonia and Seventh Generation in redefining success in business by competing not to be the best IN the world, but to be the best FOR the world. As a Certified B Corp, we commit to meeting the highest standard of social and environmental impact.
We are problem solvers who always stand FOR something, not against anything.
We are grateful that we GET to do this important work.
We focus less on our individual accomplishments, and more on the impact of our team.
We seek mastery in everything we do and seek to be the best we can be.
While we are always looking to the future, we make a point to appreciate today.
We measure success by our impact on people and the planet. In 2024, our solar installs and building performance services positively impacted 39,711 families, and had an equivalent environmental impact of 24,762 cars removed from the road, or 3 million tree seedlings planted, or 8.05 million trash bags of waste recycled instead of landfilled.
As a B Corp, we love to “B the Change.” We strive to be a better company for the environment, for our workers, and for our local community. That’s why SEM gives each team member paid time off to volunteer — equivalent to 7 weeks of volunteer time each year. Check out some of our favorite volunteer memories!
As a proud member of the North Carolina Sustainable Energy Association (NCSEA), we’ve signed a pledge to protect solar consumer rights by conducting our business with honesty and integrity.
Reach out to our project teams to share your goals and learn more!
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/builder-air-sealing-services/

Air Sealing
Our team of building scientists are ready to take the stress out of air sealing and help you deliver consistent results.
Our team of building scientists are ready to take the stress out of air sealing and help you deliver consistent results.
Looking for an air sealing contractor?
Our air sealing services are designed to save you time, money, and air leakage.
Insulators missed something? No worries, we’ll address & fix air sealing issues during our inspections to prevent schedule delays.
We can take complete ownership of your new construction air sealing package to ensure it’s done correctly the first time.
Eliminate the hassle of coordinating field corrections
Avoid extra days in your schedule and qualify for more utility incentives
Meet program or code compliance, and your blower door targets!
We know what it takes to build a tight home.
Ready to take your building efficiency to the next level? Need help getting performance on track? We’ve got you covered.
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/builder-hvac-grading-services/

HVAC Design and Grading Services
Comfort complaints are common in the Southeast. Let us help you verify things were done correctly before closing with HVAC Design Services.
Comfort complaints are common in the Southeast. Let us help you verify things were done correctly before closing with HVAC Design Services.
Poorly designed & installed HVAC systems are common. In fact, studies show that 50% have improper airflow, and 60-80% have improper refrigerant charge.
Our residential HVAC design services are made to help homebuilders avoid comfort callbacks and ensure your systems are designed and installed properly.
HVAC grading is typically performed in tandem with high performance building programs, such as HERS Ratings or ENERGY STAR Certification. This allows homebuilders to cost effectively improve HERS Index Scores & qualify homes for the 45L tax credits.
There are 3 HVAC installation grade levels (l, ll & lll). Grade I installation can improve the HERS Index score by up to 6 points.
ENERGY STAR home builders will enjoy a new streamlined certification option through HVAC Grading (Track A). This pathway does not require the use of a credentialed HVAC contractor or completion of the HVAC commissioning checklist. We take care of all that for you!
HVAC Grading can be performed in lieu of using a credentialed HVAC Contractor. This opens your options for selecting the contractor of choice.
MERV is the industry standard for air filter performance. The higher the MERV rating, the more particulates the filter can pull out of the air, which leads to cleaner indoor air.
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/our-team/

Our Solar team is saving the planet one solar system at a time by delivering the perfect solar solution for any situation.
Our solar tech support team is helping care for North Carolina’s solar systems, whether it’s a removal & reinstall, finding the root of an issue, or helping owners reconnect to their system’s monitoring views. They’re happy to take care of you!
Our Builder Energy Services (BES) team is passionate about helping single-family builders and community developers save energy, money, and natural resources by developing more sustainable homes and communities.
Our Multifamily Energy Services (MES) team specializes in green building consulting and verification for a variety of multifamily projects including apartments, townhouses, and affordable housing.
The Core Services team… we’re not exactly sure what they do 😉, but they’re always there to help when we need them! Pictured above is just a small sample of our many core services team members that keep us on track and in motion.
Our Guidance Team is the glue that holds SEM together. They keep things fun, focused, and push us to never settle!
“Our highest aspiration for this company is that each person who walks through our doors becomes the very best they can be – and that we help each other be that – so that together we can be the best for the world.”
Co-Founders, Southern Energy Management
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/multifamily-services-team/

HERS Rater, NGBS Green Verifier, Fitwel Ambassador, Green Globes Professional, EarthCraft Technical Advisor, LEED Green Rater, OSHA 10
A native to Michigan who found her way to SEM by way of AmeriCorps. She adores alliteration and puns. She became a vegetarian over 20 years ago and has always considered it a big missed-steak.
HERS Rater, ENERGY STAR MFNC Rater, NGBS Green Field Rep, OSHA 10, EarthCraft Technical Advisor, MSc in Carbon Management
As SEM’s Canadian representative, I do fit most of the stereotypes: hockey fan, annoyingly polite, and you might hear me say “aboot”. When I’m not baby-proofing my house, I’m exploring North Carolina’s landscapes with my camera and dogs.
NGBS Master Green Verifier, HERS Rater & QAD, EarthCraft Technical Advisor, OSHA 10
Loves the outdoors. Building Scientist during the week and adventurer on the weekends.
“Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.”
– Vince Lombardi
Fitwel Ambassador, LEED Green Associate, HERS Associate
A NY native that moved south to follow the sun. I actively look for ways to live a low or zero waste lifestyle, and learn more about sustainable brands and practices regularly. During my free time, I enjoy hiking, playing sports, and (when I can) traveling.
Certified RFI, Energy Star 3.0 Rater, NGBS Green Verifier, OSHA 10
Lover of craft beer, a good cup of coffee, and the outdoors.
Schedule a meeting with our green building specialists to review your project goals and challenges.
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/multifamily-energy-services/

Multifamily & Commercial Sustainability Services
Create healthier, more efficient, and higher-value buildings through custom green building & energy efficiency solutions.
Create healthier, more efficient, and higher-value buildings through custom green building & energy efficiency solutions.
We simplify green building and energy efficiency options to help your multifamily, mixed-use, and commercial project teams create more valuable and sustainable buildings.
We’re here to help! Reach out to our team and let us know your goals.
Our team of building performance specialists has the experience to deliver a program that works with your process, not against it. We’re here to distill the maze of sustainability options down to a clear path forward for your project.
Schedule a one-on-one meeting to review your project's goals & challenges.
Our team of building performance experts crafts a custom plan based on your goals and timeline.
We handle everything from there - from educating your subs, to paperwork, & leasing staff training.
We work with all project types and sizes, ranging from residential market-rate development, senior living, student housing, affordable housing, renovations and retrofits, office spaces, retail centers, and everything in between.
We understand that every project has unique sustainability goals and priorities. That’s why we’re committed to meeting our customers where they are, regardless of whether they are ready to sprint towards their goals, walk at their own pace, or anywhere in between.
We have over 250 active multifamily & commercial projects in 22 states (plus Haiti & Puerto Rico).
Southern Energy Management has been helping us to achieve our sustainability and wellness certification goals since 2013. The entire team is professional, collaborative, and a joy to work with.
Lisa Phocas,
Crescent Communities
One of the reasons I love having an energy consultant on the team. Just one more set of eyes to ensure the quality is where everyone wants it.
Timothy McCarty,
Equity Plus
We’re a passionate team dedicated to improving the way people make and use energy.
Schedule a meeting with our green building specialists to review your project goals and challenges.
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/solar-repair-maintenance-services/

Solar System Repair & Maintenance
Solar system not shining? We provide solar system repair, troubleshooting, and maintenance to get your solar system producing clean, renewable energy.
Reach out today to get started!
Solar system not shining? We provide solar system repair, troubleshooting, and maintenance to get your solar system producing clean, renewable energy.
Reach out today to get started!
Once a support ticket is submitted, our team will reach out within 2 business days.
Including Module & Inverter Replacements, Troubleshooting Low Solar Production, Solar Monitoring and Repair, and Repairing Leaking Roof
Including Squirrel Guard Installation, Panel Additions, and Adding Battery Backup
Including warranty work & component replacement
Need a new roof? We’ll work with your roofer's schedule to uninstall and reinstall your solar panels
Including Transfers of Ownership, Solar Renewable Energy Credits (SREC) Issue, and Interconnection Changes (Switching from Buy-All Sell-All to Net Metering)
Our in-house team of solar experts has been installing and servicing solar and battery systems in North Carolina since 2001. With over 20 years of experience in the industry, we’re equipped to service and repair a wide range of leading solar brands including Tesla, Generac, Enphase, SolarEdge, SunPower, SMA, eGauge, CPS, LG, SPAN, Fronius, Bosch, Tigo, Sonnen, Lumin, SolArk, ABB/Fimer/Aurora, and more.
Fill out the form to let us know how we can help.
We'll contact you within 3 business days to understand your solar issue and identify a solution.
Our in-house solar support team will get your solar system back up and producing clean, renewable energy as quickly as possible!
Shining since 2001, we are North Carolina’s most experienced solar system repair and maintenance team. If it’s solar and it’s broken, we’ll fix it! Let us know how we can help to get your solar system up and running as fast as possible.
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/get-in-touch-multifamily-commercial-services/

You’re in the right place! Fill out the form to get started and we’ll be in touch to review your project goals and challenges.
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/introducing-franklinwh-apower-2/

Who is FranklinWH?
Founded in 2019 and based in the San Francisco Bay Area, FranklinWH has quickly become a notable player in the energy sector. The team, with decades of experience, is driven by a mission to deliver safer, smarter, and more reliable home energy solutions.
“We will continue accelerating along the path of safer, more reliable, and smarter home energy solutions, adhering to the concept of “Innovation, Ascendancy, and Sincerity” to create value for everyone. Together, we can build the new ecology of energy technology. At FranklinWH, we are committed to bringing homeowners peace of mind through energy independence.”
We’re excited to be a FranklinWH Certified Installer, and yes, their name is in part a nod to Benjamin Franklin. Did you know that Benjamin Franklin was the first person to coin the term “battery”?
⚠️ Hurricane Season in North Carolina
In North Carolina, hurricane season brings more than just rain, it brings the risk of extended power outages. With solar + battery storage, you don’t have to be left in the dark. Whether it’s keeping your fridge running, powering essential devices, or staying connected during an emergency, storage gives you resilience when the grid can’t.
And right now, Duke Energy’s PowerPair rebate can help make battery backup more affordable for eligible customers. There’s never been a better time to prepare for whatever storm season brings.
Key Features of the FranklinWH aPower 2
The aPower 2 is a second-generation home energy battery within the FranklinWH energy ecosystem.
What does it do? Much like other battery storage systems, the aPower 2 captures and stores energy from multiple sources — solar panels, the grid, generators, and even electric vehicles. This stored energy is then used to power your home during peak energy times or in the event of grid outages, making sure that you remain powered and protected.
As your energy needs evolve, the aPower 2 supports the addition of up to 15 units, making it an adaptable solution for varying home sizes and energy demands. With the FranklinWH app, the system offers smart energy management, allowing you to monitor and manage your home’s energy usage and performance with real-time insights.
| Specs | FranklinWH aPower 2 |
| Battery Stacking | Up to 15 units |
| Energy Capacity | 15 kWh |
| Continuous Power | 10 kW |
| Weight | 357 lbs |
| Warranty | 15 years |
| Unique Features | ✅ Generator Integration (240 V, 60 Hz) ✅ EV Integration (240 V) ✅ Smart Circuit Energy Controls |
| Duke Energy Battery Incentive | $552 / year |
What is the FranklinWH aGate?
The FranklinWH aGate is the control hub behind it all. Similar to an inverter, it is FranklinWH’s product responsible for interconnecting solar, grid, batteries, and even a standby generator to power your home with stored electricity or from the grid.
What is the difference between the FranklinWH aGate and aPower 2?
The FranklinWH aGate and aPower 2 are both components of FranklinWH’s home energy management system, each serving different functions:
- The aGate acts as the intelligent energy management hub, overseeing the distribution and control of energy from various sources—such as your solar panels, the grid, and backup generators—to your home’s electrical system.
- The aPower 2 functions as the energy storage unit, storing electricity for use during peak times or power outages.
What can you power with a FranklinWH aPower 2?
The FranklinWH aPower 2 delivers a steady output of 5 kW and can peak at 10 kW, ensuring it can power all your essential appliances. Additionally, FranklinWH’s smart circuit feature offers enhanced customization and control, allowing you to back up high-demand 240V appliances like your HVAC and water heater more effectively.
Here’s what you can typically power with the aPower 2 battery:
- Essential Home Appliances – such as refrigerators, freezers, washing machines, and dishwashers
- Heating and Cooling Systems – It can support HVAC systems, including air conditioners and heaters
- Home Electronics – like TVs (you’ll never have to stop watching White Lotus), computers, home entertainment systems, and charging stations for mobile devices
- Lighting
- Medical Devices
- Security Systems
- Water heaters, well pumps, septic, and more!
Will FranklinWH aPower 2 run larger loads like an air conditioner?
Yes, the FranklinWH aPower battery can run larger loads like an air conditioner. Each aPower unit has a continuous power output of 5 kW and a peak output of 10 kW for short bursts. So while the FranklinWH aPower 2 can run your AC unit, you’ll likely need to use it more intentionally during power outages than compared to normal usage.
That’s where the Smart Circuit comes in…
What is a Smart Circuit?
The Smart Circuit feature of the aPower 2 helps you make the most of your power during outages, especially when it comes to high-energy devices like air conditioners.
How does it work?? High energy demand appliances will automatically turn off when the grid goes down to help preserve your battery life. However, you can manually toggle these circuits on and set a minimum battery charge threshold to shut the circuits off. This is an awesome feature, unique to the FranklinWH aPower 2!
With this system, you can remotely manage these appliances, stretching the life of your battery when every minute counts. We typically recommend powering your air conditioner along with one other large appliance—just two circuits in total. You can easily control these circuits through the Franklin monitoring app, putting you in charge, even when the power’s out.
How long does the Franklin aPower 2 last during a grid outage?
For most homes in North Carolina, you could expect a single battery to keep the lights on for about 12 to 24 hours, provided you’re not running your HVAC system. If you need more backup power, you’ll need to consider adding more batteries to your setup. Adding units can extend your backup duration significantly, but regardless, you’ll still need to monitor your energy usage during an outage.
Weather plays a big role, too. In the cooler spring and fall months, your backup power could last a few days, no problem. But when the summer heat kicks in, especially with your AC running off the battery, you might only have backup for a few hours.
It’s all about understanding your energy needs and planning accordingly. Our expert solar designers will help you prepare for all kinds of scenarios, year-round, so you’re always ready for whatever comes your way.
Electric Vehicle & Generator Integration
FranklinWH isn’t just about storing energy; it’s about creating an ecosystem. With the optional generator module, your system can integrate vehicle-to-home charging and even accommodate a generator, offering flexibility during outages. Just note that this port can either be used for a whole home generator or EV integration, but not both simultaneously. Here is an article from Franklin that dives into this much deeper.
The FranklinWH ecosystem is brand agnostic which means you’re free to use any products that are compatible with V2L (Vehicle to Load).
How much does the aPower 2 cost?
When installing the aPower 2 with a new solar system in North Carolina, you’re looking at around $17,000 to $19,000 per battery depending on your system configuration. That’s before incentives! Don’t forget about the 30% Federal Tax Credit and Duke Energy’s PowerPair Incentive (up to $9,000 off a solar + battery system).
How much does it cost to add a FranklinWH battery to an existing solar system?
If you’re thinking about getting a battery with a new solar system, we’d recommend going ahead and getting both installed at the same time. Adding an aPower 2 to an existing solar setup typically comes with a $1,500 premium on top of the costs listed above. This premium covers things like permitting fees and all the other administrative and design services needed to get everything integrated smoothly with your existing solar install.
Is a FranklinWH aPower 2 more expensive than a Tesla Powerwall 3?
Right now, a Tesla Powerwall 3 costs around $15,000 to $17,000 depending on whether you are installing the battery together with a new solar system or if you are adding it on to an existing system. The FranklinWH aPower 2 comes at a premium with enhanced features such as larger capacity, generator and EV integration, smart circuits, extended warranty, and more.
How does the FranklinWH aPower 2 compare to Tesla’s Powerwall?
We’ll have some resources coming out soon, but in the meantime, check out the comparison chart on this page.
Looking Forward
Ready to secure your energy independence? Reach out today for a free assessment and see how the FranklinWH aPower 2 can meet your energy goals.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/tesla-powerwall-rebate-how-the-500-incentive-works-2026/

Right now, Tesla is offering a $500 rebate per Powerwall unit. It’s a straightforward incentive, and for homeowners already considering a battery, it’s essentially free money worth being aware of.
What is the Tesla Powerwall rebate?
The rebate applies to qualifying Powerwall installations and includes:
- $500 back per Tesla Powerwall 3 or Powerwall 3 Expansion
- Up to $1,000 per household
- Issued as a virtual prepaid card after installation and system registration
To qualify, the Powerwall must be ordered by March 31, 2026, installed and commissioned by September 30, 2026, and submitted through Tesla’s rebate portal.
Why this rebate may (or may not) matter to you
We know that some homeowners feel hesitant about the Tesla brand after the past year’s headlines. That hesitation is understandable. This rebate isn’t about convincing anyone to choose a specific product — it’s simply an incentive that exists right now.
If you were already planning to install a Powerwall, this rebate is money you shouldn’t leave on the table. If you’re still weighing battery options, it’s just one piece of the puzzle, alongside things like performance, warranty, cost, and long-term reliability.
How we think about battery storage at SEM
At Southern Energy Management, we don’t believe battery storage is the right choice for every home — and we don’t treat it like an upsell. Batteries make the most sense when they clearly align with your goals, whether that’s backup power during outages, pairing with solar, or added energy resilience.
If a Powerwall ends up being the right fit, we’ll help you understand how this rebate works and make sure it’s handled correctly. If not, we’ll talk through alternatives or help you decide whether waiting makes more sense.
If you’re exploring battery storage and want a clear, no-pressure conversation about what makes sense for your home, we’re here to help.
Tesla Powerwall Rebate FAQs
How much is the Tesla Powerwall rebate?
The rebate is $500 per qualifying Powerwall unit, up to $1,000 per household.
Who qualifies for the Powerwall rebate?
Homeowners who order a qualifying Powerwall within the program window, complete installation by the deadline, and submit the rebate through Tesla’s portal.
Does the Powerwall rebate stack with other incentives?
The rebate is separate from utility or local incentives. Availability of other programs varies by location, and many federal incentives have ended, so it’s important to review current options carefully.
Is the rebate guaranteed?
The rebate is offered by Tesla and is subject to program rules and deadlines. Missing order, installation, or submission requirements can result in losing eligibility.
Do I have to choose a Tesla Powerwall?
No. Battery storage isn’t one-size-fits-all. The Powerwall is one option among several, and the right choice depends on your home, goals, and budget.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/office-dogs/

Meet the Team
Office pets
This team brings us so much joy and we don’t want it keep all for ourselves. We hope their stories bring a smile to your face!
This team brings us so much joy and we don’t want it keep all for ourselves. We hope their stories bring a smile to your face!
Our loyal group of office pets is perhaps the most important team at Southern Energy. Our menagerie of pets—dogs, hermit crabs, fish, and one ball python plus his adopted mouse friend—are always there to provide unwavering love and support, finish off the last bit of our lunch, and to remind us to not take ourselves too seriously.
Dream job: Professional food tester – any food, any flavor, any time… GIVE IT TO ME
Personality quirk: She is the best snuggler of any dog in the world and gets along with EVERYONE
Favorite thing about coming to work: ALL THE TOYS, she normally has at least 2 in her mouth at one time!
Dream job: Toothpaste & Condiment Usage Optimizer. Clyde loves the 2 big S’s: Sustainability and Squeezing. As a sustainable-minded snake, Clyde hates to see that last 10% of toothpaste, ketchup, or Grey Poupon go to waste. Millions of years of evolution have given Clyde a unique ability to squeeze that final serving out of a bottle or tube that would otherwise be wasted, helping his human companions save money and reduce waste.
Personality quirk: Clyde is a somewhat sleepy snek. Definitely, no one would call him energetic. One way his lethargy displays itself is through frequent yawning. Surprisingly, when a 5 ft Ball Python fully opens its jaws to suck in that extra tired breath through a yawn, it scares some people. Truly, cuteness is in the eye of the beholder.
His favorite thing about coming to work: Playing hide-and-seek around the office. Oddly, Clyde playing hide and seek is 95% of our team’s least favorite part about work.
Dream job: Indy dreams of being a professional bunny wrangler and bird catcher. She sits all day and watches “doggy tv” as the animals in the yard frolic. Tug would be a great bartender. He hasn’t met a creature that’s not a friend (whether they like it or not), and he loves to stick around for a good conversation.
Personality quirk: Indy is a Plott Hound, and as member of the official dog breed of North Carolina, she loves to nothing more than “to be rather than to seem.” Although she will break that rule and catch small critters (mainly chipmunks) in the back yard for us to find…so she seems fancy, be she can be a little devilish! Tug’s full name is King Tug the Caboose. He’s very vocal and will follow you wherever you go…and if you shut a door, he’ll just wait outside until you’re done. He doesn’t care. He just wants to be friends!
Favorite thing about coming to work: Indy and Tug spend the day guarding the back deck in the morning and napping from all that hard work in the afternoon. They probably like their morning and afternoon walks the best. The highlight of their day has to be hearing the dog park at the end of the block and all the neighborhood gossip taking place!
Dream job: Sasha is a human behavioral psychologist. Whether she is perched atop her kitty condo (cat tree) or happily rolling on the floor, she is ALWAYS studying and watching. She is acquiring techniques as she endeavors to become more human herself.
Personality quirk: Sasha is a kitty linguistics master! She will have full conversations, she even talks on the phone! She has many different sounding meows for different things and for different people.
Favorite thing about coming to work: Sasha’s favorite thing about coming to work is that we start early in the morning, so she gets her breakfast early in the morning!
Dream job: Maybelle is a full time office manager and part-time Roomba. She keeps the day on schedule and the floors clear of debris. Raylan is a dedicated security specialist, but he’s quick with a dad joke to brighten your day. Just don’t ask him to dance, he has two left feet.
Personality quirk: Maybelle is a beagle/shar-pei mix and just turned 15 in July, Ray is a 7 year old Australian Cattle Dog mix, and both were sprung from local animal shelters. They are an inseparable team, and Maybelle is in charge of all of us. She’s the best boss, though – her tail is always wagging!
Favorite thing about coming to work: Keeping an eye on Mom, making sure snack breaks are on time.
Dream job: Toulie’s dream job is to be a circus dog. He loves to balance on tennis balls, basket balls, beach balls with his front two paws. He is also an avid costumer, and loves dressing up whenever he can. His current favorite costume is a kimono.
Personality quirk: Toulie is an extreme cuddler; his love knows no bounds (or boundaries). If you ever in the need of a snuggle, or even if you’re not, Toulie will be there!
Dream job: In the world of feline aspirations, Ginkgo’s dream career appears to be that of a fearless stunt performer. Ginkgo’s agile grace and unwavering composure make them a natural for the thrill-seeking life of a stunt cat. Whether it’s acrobatics, high jumps, or daring climbs, Ginkgo’s fearless spirit and remarkable agility could certainly take center stage in the world of feline stunts.
Personality quirk: Ginkgo’s taste buds are something else — a true foodie at heart. They’ll cozy up next to me when I’m munching on a sandwich, trying to sneak a bite. Spaghetti night is Ginkgo’s jam, and they can’t resist twirling around the noodles. And cake? Oh, they’re all in for a slice of that sweet stuff, like every day’s a party. It’s safe to say Ginkgo has quite the palate!
Is your fur ball looking for a career switch and ready to join a team dedicated to leading the change each day? Come join us!
Remembering all the furry friends who have left pawprints on our hearts 🧡
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/careers/

Join Our Team
Is seeking solutions and enjoying the journey your jam? If it is, we’ve got lots more for you!
Is seeking solutions and enjoying the journey your jam? If it is, we’ve got lots more for you!
Southern Energy Management is a team of 180+ building scientists, solar professionals, and entrepreneurs (and our dogs) dedicated to improving the way the world makes and uses energy. Amazing things are possible when we focus on measuring what matters, which is why we became a Certified B Corp in 2009.
As serial changemakers, we’re committed to consistently supporting others along their path to greater sustainability and look forward to “Leading the Change” together with you!
We’ve found that by surrounding ourselves with great people – those who share our core values and are excited by our mission and vision – and giving them the tools and resources they need, we can all enjoy the success that comes along with being part of something bigger than ourselves.
Through challenges big and small, great things happen when we SHINE together.
We are problem solvers who always stand FOR something, not against anything.
We are grateful that we GET to do this important work.
We focus on the impact of our team
We seek mastery in everything we do and seek to be the best we can be.
While we are always looking to the future, we make a point to appreciate today.
As a Certified B Corporation, we’re one of 4,000+ companies across the world using business as a force for good. We measure our success by our impact on our workers, our community, the environment, and our customers.
Proud to be named a Best Places to Work in the Triangle for 3 years.
We do our best to help every Team Member develop to their full potential, both personally and professionally. Here are a few benefits offered to our team:
Kombucha loving, tree hugging, and always looking for an excuse to get outdoors — Meet our awesome team!
Southern Energy Management’s loyal and lovable crew of (mostly) four legged friends.
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/what-is-a-certified-b-corporation/

Using business as a force for good. If you’ve met any of our team members, follow us on social, or have been to our website, you’ve probably heard this phrase once or twice (…or more). As a certified B Corporation (B Corp), this mantra is ingrained in who we are and how we operate day to day.
But what is a B Corp, and what does it really mean to use business as a force for good? Let’s take a quick dive!
B Corp Certification is to business as Michelin Stars are to restaurants.
Simply put, B Corporations are purpose-driven businesses that are dedicated to balancing a triple bottom line (people + planet + profit). Certified B Corps are assessed every three years to meet rigorous standards of social and environmental performance, accountability, and transparency. These standards are continually improving, pushing B Corps to re-evaluate their practices to find ways to become even stronger change makers and global community leaders.
It’s true that “the landscape of American corporations is changing”, and that a majority of consumers are demanding that the brands they choose to purchase from support a cause greater than themselves. That’s where B Corps come in.
The first 82 B Corps were certified in 2007. Southern Energy Management followed soon after, officially becoming a certified B Corp in 2009. Since then, we’ve measured our success by our impact on our team members, our community, the environment, and our customers. We’re proud to be part of this global alliance of companies innovating for impact and building a B Economy that helps solve social and environmental problems for the long term.
When a company becomes a B Corp, they sign on to a global pledge to consider people and place in their operations. The values and aspirations of the B Corp community are embedded in the B Corp Declaration of Interdependence:
We envision a global economy that uses business as a force for good.
This economy is comprised of a new type of corporation – the B Corporation – Which is purpose-driven and creates benefit for all stakeholders, not just shareholders.
As B Corporations and leaders of this emerging economy, we believe:
To qualify as a B Corporation, companies must complete the B Impact Assessment (BIA). The assessment has a total of 200 questions with a max of 200 possible points. B Corps must achieve a minimum of 80 points to become certified.
Within the BIA, there are five categories that evaluate the company’s transparency, performance, and overall impact: governance, workers, community, environment, and customers. Each section includes questions that assess the full scope of a company’s practices from the fine details of day-to-day operations to the overarching big-picture impact of their business model.
This isn’t a one-size fits all certification. Questions are customized to take the company’s size, sector, and market into account. After the assessment is complete, a team from B Lab will pick a random sample of questions for documentation to verify the company’s score.
Here are a few notable B Corps from NC and abroad, and their B Impact scores!
Certified Since 2011
B Impact Score: 151.5
Certified Since 2015
B Impact Score: 113.0
Certified Since 2016
B Impact Score: 83.8
Certified Since 2012
B Impact Score: 110.0
Certified Since 2021
B Impact Score: 98.3
Certified Since 2015
B Impact Score: 82.4
Certified Since 2016
B Impact Score: 85.6
Certified Since 2012
B Impact Score: 105.4
Certified Since 2016
B Impact Score: 81.9
Looking for more mission driven companies that prioritize people and the planet above profit? Check out these Certified B Corporations in North Carolina!
Schedule a free assessment to learn more about solar power & battery storage for your home.
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/contact/

Solar Tech Support Request
If you are having trouble with your solar or battery system, please fill out a support ticket to let us know your issue and get in our support request queue.
If you are having trouble with your solar or battery system, please fill out a support ticket to let us know your issue and get in our support request queue.
Solar Education Team
Dave or Spencer will be happy to answer your questions!
(919) 918-0355
Spencer Stone
(919) 819-2579
spencer@southern-energy.com
(919) 680-1710
techsupport@southern-energy.com
For a quicker response, please fill out a support request ticket:
Jim Middleton
(984) 329-3866
jim@southern-energy.com
Laurie Colwander
(919) 538-7837
laurie@southern-energy.com
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/home-solar-free-quote/

Our process is designed to educate and empower you so you can make a smart solar decision.
Talk to our solar educators to learn about solar power. Fill out a free solar quote request form to get started.
Work with one of our solar designers to customize a system that meets your energy goals.
Enjoy 30+ years of sunny savings -- Save the world, save your wallet, save the future!
Born and led in Raleigh, NC, Southern Energy Management has been installing solar in North Carolina for over 20 years. With 3500+ solar installs and 1,000+ batteries energized across North Carolina, we’re here to help you take full advantage of this opportunity with clarity and confidence.
We believe good energy creates more good energy. This is how we approach our customers. Our goal is to bring our best energy to every project, exceed every customer’s expectations, and bring happiness and passion to the entire process of going solar.
EXCELLENT rating
Based on 237 reviewsTrustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Paul Safrit has been great to work with! Very knowledgeable, very helpful. Thanks Paul! Ramez TJune 24, 2025Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. SEM installed our first set of solar panels back in 2018. The installation went smoothly, and we've never had any issues with the panels, inverters, etc. The installation was covering 80-90% of our electricity usage annually. We reached out to Graham in early 2025 as our electricity needs had changed. We had added two electric cars, and we were getting tired of frequent (5+ times a year) power outages. We talked to Graham about adding more panels and a batter backup system. SEM installed the new panels and Franklin aGate / aPower 2 battery. Installation was completed and we were able to turn the system on in April. We couldn't be happier. In May, our solar system produced 101% of our electricity needs, including two electric cars. There was a three-hour power outage in the middle of the night in early May -- we didn't know about it until we woke up and saw text alerts from Duke Energy that there was an outage. The aGate / aPower 2 took over while we slept, and kept things running smoothly. We'd highly recommend working with SEM. Graham and all the other folks we worked with are fantastic! Mike SJune 7, 2025Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Had a fantastic experience with Southern Energy Management installing a solar system on my house, as well as some electrical work to accommodate an EV. Their team was very helpful and patient with all of my dumb questions and incredibly efficient with the timing of installation! They also walked me through the rebate programs to make sure I got my money's worth. Highly recommend. Adrian DMay 27, 2025Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Response to feedback and experience: Katherine reached out diligently to go over the experience and made every effort to explain and course correct the processes that caused delays. Also, Katherine’s effective follow up with Duke ensured that the promised power rebate check was issued and credited. 9k promise fulfilled!! Truly appreciate the responsiveness and sensitivity to customer journey. As indicated before, the solar system is working great and powers the whole 4,200’sqft home for energy requirements. Well done Southern Energy team and Katherine, you’re a star! ——————— Installation is finally complete but two major issues to be aware of: 1) A 4 month delay in starting the project despite repeated follow-ups and 2) Current situation where the doubly promised Duke rebate is in limbo after a 39k installation. The commitment was for effective follow up with Duke but no news yet. While the team did a professional job during installation, the delays and radio silence pre and post is excruciatingly painful as a customer. Rajneesh PMay 14, 2025Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Southern Energy Management was fantastic. They walk you through the process and give you the right amount of guidance and detail. Austin Crumpler and team were very professional, accessible and prompt. The installation team was great and the whole project was seamless. I highly recommend SEM David KMay 7, 2025Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Paul and the Southern Energy team did a great job explaining the benefits of solar and walking me through the process. We couldn’t be more satisfied with the results! Thank you Jake HApril 28, 2025Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. It was a pleasure working with Yanni at Southern Energy Management. His extensive knowledge, kindness, and professionalism were evident throughout our engagement. While initially we hadn't planned to invest in a solar system immediately after purchasing our new home, Yanni clearly and effectively communicated the available incentives and rebates, which ultimately made the decision to move forward an easy one. After exploring options with several other solar vendors, Southern Energy Management presented the most compelling overall offer. Yanni turned us over to Jordan, our project manager. Under Jordan, the installation process was executed efficiently, with the solar panels installed in February and the electrical work and battery backup completed in March. The entire Southern Energy Management team demonstrated promptness, strong communication skills, deep knowledge, and consistent professionalism. They also provided comprehensive information that clearly outlined each step of the process from beginning to end. We wrapped with Yanni and he answered all of our questions. Based on our positive experience, we wholeheartedly recommend Southern Energy Management to anyone considering the purchase of a solar system. Reginald HApril 24, 2025Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. Went smoothly from start to finish. We are now up and running and enjoying getting to know our system. Eira TMarch 26, 2025Trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is Google. My experience with Southern Energy Management was top notch. My solar journey was quite lengthy due to HOA issues, but persistence paid off and with Southern Energy Management providing additional information that my HOA requested, my system is now up and running. Our advisor took the time to review our specific situation and design a system matched for my needs, and helped navigate all the available incentives. Once the project was officially underway I was assigned a project manager who kept me informed with regular updates on how things were progressing in the background (permitting, interconnection applications, etc.) construction schedule, inspection, and then finally on permission to operate from the utility. This was a very welcome concierge level of service. Actual installation only took one day for the panels, one day for the electrical work (minus the battery, which was on backorder), and then an additional half day to install the battery once it arrived. The installer got the equipment set up and commissioned the battery, and then after everything was complete and up and running, I was given an orientation to go over the app use and settings (the inclusion of a battery in the system provides a lot of additional control), Duke PowerPair program participation, and answering any questions I had. I feel that Southern Energy Management and I form a team -- they did not just install my system and then disappear. I couldn't be more pleased with the results so far. My first electric bill (with incentive payments) was only $13.22, and this was only for a partial month of solar. In my current month, the system is working extremely well and I have given back more to the grid than I have drawn from it. The system is well designed and not only am I now saving a lot of money, but I feel I am actively helping the environment by using and supplying clean solar energy back to the grid! Lance PMarch 17, 2025
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/home-solar/

home energy solutions
Home Solar Panels
Own Your Power. Savings, incentives, energy security, and more — There are lots of reasons to go solar in North Carolina.
Own Your Power. Savings, incentives, energy security, and more — There are lots of reasons to go solar in North Carolina.
By generating your own home solar power you’ll save money every month on your energy bill. Plus, as the cost to generate electricity increases, you’ll be protected from rising utility energy prices.
Your solar system’s impact goes far beyond your home. Generating clean, renewable energy reduces pollution, helps fight climate change, and lowers America’s dependence on fossil fuel imports.
Take advantage of the 30% Federal Solar Tax credit combined with Duke Energy’s PowerPairSM Incentive Program to save up to 50% on the cost of a new solar and battery system installation. The Tax Credit allows you to take money you would pay to Uncle Sam and invest it back into your home, while the PowerPair incentive offers up to $9,000 in potential savings. It’s a win-win!
Adding solar to your home is one of the few home improvements that provide a greater than 100% return on your investment.
Over the past 23+ years, we’ve developed a time tested process for going solar. The first step is to get a free home solar assessment so we can evaluate your solar potential and learn about your energy goals to a design a system that’s right for you. Here’s our 6 step process to sunny savings!
Solar allows you to gain energy independence by generating your own, clean energy. When you power your home with solar, you can shield your family from the impact of rising energy rates by supplying your own power. Beyond monthly electric bill savings, the average home solar system in NC will offset the carbon equivalent of planting 5,000 trees. Learn More 🠖
There are several powerful financial incentives available to North Carolina residential, commercial, and nonprofit solar projects. Eligible homes can tap into the 30% Federal Solar Investment Tax Credit, up to $9,000 in savings with Duke Energy’s PowerPair solar+battery incentive program, and additional savings with Duke Energy’s battery control program. Businesses and organizations have access to other incentives such as the REAP Grant for small and rural businesses as well as the 30% Federal Tax Credit, and accelerated depreciation benefits (including Bonus depreciation and MACRS).
Depending on your energy needs, a battery system like the Tesla Powerwall or Generac PWRcell gives you energy security and more control over your power, assuring your home is powered in the event of a grid outage.
Our process is designed to educate and empower you so you can make a smart solar decision.
Talk to our solar educators to learn about solar power. Fill out a free solar quote request form to get started.
Work with one of our solar designers to customize a system that meets your home and family’s energy goals.
Enjoy 30+ years of sunny savings -- Save the world, save your wallet, save the future!
Born and led in Raleigh, NC, Southern Energy Management has been designing and installing solar in North Carolina since 2001. With 23 years of experience installing 3,000+ solar systems and 1,000+ batteries across North Carolina, our team of 180 solar and building performance professionals have the experience and expertise to find the best solar solution for your energy goals.
As a proud member of the North Carolina Sustainable Energy Association (NCSEA), we’ve signed a pledge to protect solar consumer rights by conducting our business with honesty and integrity.
As a Certified B Corporation, we’re one of 4,000+ companies across the world using business as a force for good. We measure our success by our impact on our workers, our community, the environment, and our customers.
The world needs more companies like SEM. Not only am I in awe about what you guys do, but I have had an overwhelmingly positive experience with everyone I have dealt with. You guys are good people. Thank you again for helping us accomplish a longtime goal of being part of the global warming solution.
Drew H.
Solar Customer Since 2001
Southern Energy Management is North Carolina’s most established solar installer. For 23+ years, we’ve helped homes and businesses across North Carolina make the switch to solar & battery storage. See where our Raleigh-based team of in-house solar experts is installing!
Schedule a free assessment to learn more about solar power & battery storage.
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/home-solar-101-resource-hub/

Resource Hub
Home Solar 101
What you should know about how solar works and if solar will work for you before making the switch.
What you should know about how solar works and if solar will work for you before making the switch.
Wondering how solar works and what the benefits are for you? Here's a quick guide on what solar panels do and how your home can use solar energy.
Get famililar with the parts of a solar PV system. Learn about inverters, optimizers, solar panels, where they are made, maintenance, warranties, and more!
Trying to decide whether solar is right for you? Here's how we evaluate what makes a good home for solar, including site factors, utility policies, local requirements, and more!
Once you determine if your home is a good site for solar, you'll need to know what size system you need to meet your energy goals.
The next stop on your solar journey is getting a custom quote. Here's a breakdown of all the factors that go into determining your solar system's turn-key cost.
Schedule a free assessment to learn more about solar power & battery storage.
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://southern-energy.com/nc-solar-rebate/

Duke’s PowerPair solar incentive offers Duke Energy homeowners in North Carolina a incentive of up to $3,600 for solar and $5,400 for batteries when installed together. That’s a total of $9,000 in extra savings! Don’t forget, both solar and battery systems are also eligible for the 30% Federal Tax Credit for solar, so with these incentives combined, homes could save more than 50% of their total system cost!
For the over-achieving solar savers out there, there is potential for even more savings if you elect into Duke’s EnergyWise/Power Manager Battery Control program.
Similar to past Duke Energy solar rebates, there is limited space. If you’re even just curious about what 50% off a solar + battery system could do for you, reach out today for a free quote to get started!
| Battery Model & Name | Energy Capacity | Continuous Discharge Capacity | What You'll Get Monthly | What You'll Get Annually |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Franklin aPower2 | 15 kWh | 10 kW | $46 | $552 |
| Tesla Powerwall + | 13.5 kWh | 5.8 kW | $26 | $312 |
| Tesla Powerwall 2 | 13.5 kWh | 5 kW | $23 | $276 |
| Tesla Powerwall 3 | 13.5 kWh | 11.5 kW | $52 | $624 |
| Enphase IQ Battery 5P | 5 kWh | 3.84 kW | $17 | $204 |
| Generac PWRcell | 9 kWh - 36 kWh | 3.4 kW - 7.6 kW | $15 - $35 | $180 - $420 |
Duke’s PowerPair incentive is only available to Duke Energy customers in North Carolina who install a new solar plus battery system on their home.
The PowerPair incentive has limited space, with a max program capacity of 60kW of installed solar between Duke Energy Progress and Duke Energy Carolinas customers, which we estimate to be around 6,000 homes in each territory.
To apply for the incentive, we need to have your system designed and have submitted a complete interconnection request to Duke Energy. This process can take several weeks, so we recommend getting started now ahead of the program capacity rush.
Of the 3,500+ systems we’ve installed across North Carolina, 99% are connected to the grid. That means when your solar system creates more energy than your home is using, that extra energy is sent back to the grid.
Duke Energy’s solar program offers two solar credit pathways. New customers will have the choice between a modified net metering credit, called the “Bridge Rate” and a brand new time-of-use (TOU) rate.
Which rate is the best option depends on how you use energy and your goals with solar energy. Our experienced solar designers can model both options for you so you have all the information to make the best choice for your home and family.
Sign up for our newsletter to stay up to date about any future solar incentive and rebate developments.
We know it’s disappointing that the PowerPair program is not available to you, but with solar prices at an all-time low and powerful tax incentives for solar, we’re confident we can design a solar solution that leaves you radiating with happiness.
Have questions about solar power? Want to find out how much solar would cost for your home? Reach out for a free quote to get started on your solar journey!
Lock in your energy rate for 25+ years with solar. With current incentives, clean energy is even more affordable for North Carolinians, making savings even better.
Generating your own solar energy means buying less from the utility (which means more money in your pocket), while protecting yourself from the utility's rising energy rates.
Your solar system's impact goes far beyond your home. by harnessing the power of the sun, you are able to lead the change to creat a more sustainable future for generations to come.
Before applying, we will need to have your system designed and have submitted an interconnection request with Duke Energy.
The process to design your system and submit a completed interconnection application with designs can take several weeks. So, if you’re a homeowner looking to install solar and batteries, now is a great time to see if the numbers make sense for you.
After you get in touch for a free solar and battery assessment, one of our solar educators will reach out to learn more about your energy goals. They’ll let you know whether your home is a good fit for solar and battery storage, and if it’s a match, connect you with one of our solar designers. Our designers will work with you to customize your dream system that’s unique to your home and energy goals – and you’ll be all set to be first in line to apply for the incentive!
Your trusty, local solar installer should be able to help you with this one. 😉 Once you give us the green light and sign a contract, our project managers jump into action to secure the necessary permits from your local jurisdiction and apply for interconnection with Duke Energy. The only thing you’ll need to do is sign a few documents, but we fill out all the necessary paperwork.
If you are interested in applying for the Duke PowerPair solar and battery rebate, we’ll need to have your system designed to be able to submit an interconnection request to Duke Energy. Once your interconnection request is approved, you’ll have the last piece of information needed to apply for your solar incentive.
You may have seen social media ads on your newsfeed to “apply now” for solar or other posts pushing a deadline for a “limited time new solar incentive program in [insert your county]” – our team gets targeted with these ads too! It’s not very often that a new solar program pops up (especially a “special government” or “free solar program”). Many of these so-called “solar programs” are not new programs but a tactic by solar lead generation companies to pique your interest and get you to fill out a form so they can sell your info to other solar companies.
Duke Energy offers a credit program to homes that go solar in North Carolina. Under net metering, any excess electricity a home produces is sent back to the grid and credited on the account’s monthly electric bill.
The value of those credits vary depending on whether the home is opted into Duke’s Bridge Rate program or the Time-of-Use (TOU) rate schedule. Either way, accumulated credits are applied to future energy bills.
Learn more about how utilities compensate homes for solar here →
How much you’ll save on your energy bill with solar really depends on how much energy your solar system produces compared to how much energy you use. We take a custom approach when designing your solar system to balance your historic energy use, any future energy needs (like an EV or new pool), your energy goals (reaching net-zero, financial reasons, etc.), and of course your budget.
Currently, there is no North Carolina Solar Tax Credit or other “solar program” offered at the state level. These solar programs have existed in the past, but are not presently available.
The 30% Federal Tax Credit is available to all North Carolinians though!
Whether or not solar is worth it, really depends on your energy goals paired with whether or not your home is a good fit for solar. Factors like shading or a north-facing roof can reduce solar’s value.
However, solar-friendly utility policies in North Carolina, such as net metering help make solar a beneficial investment for many businesses and homeowners across the state. Incentives like the 30% Federal Investment Tax Credit make the climate for solar in North Carolina even better!
Let us know if you’d like to explore whether solar would be beneficial for your home.
Duke Energy does not install solar panels for residential or commercial customers. You will need to work with a local solar company to have a system installed.
The cost of a solar panel system varies depending on the location of your home, how much roof space you have, your energy use, and more. Our average 7.6kW solar system costs roughly $26,000 before incentives. This is obviously a baseline and your solar designer will provide you with a concrete number tailored to your home and energy goals.
The short answer is no. In North Carolina, solar would only increase property taxes if it is included in any reappraisal by the municipality you live in. Those guidelines and appraisal frequencies differ from county to county. If your municipality does factor solar into their local property tax evaluation, at most it would be a very small value (think a few dollars per month or less).
Duke Energy does not have an in-house home solar installation team. If you’ve had someone knock on your door saying they are a solar installer from Duke Energy, they are most likely working for a company that is a “Duke-approved” third-party contractor. To join Duke’s “exclusive” contractor referral list, a solar company just needs to register as a Duke Trade Ally which is a simple form and agreement to several terms and conditions.
Interestingly, one of the terms of being a Duke Trade Ally states: “Trade Allies shall not misrepresent the nature of their role in the program. In particular, Trade Allies shall not state or imply to customers, or any persons, that the Trade Ally is employed by or working on Duke Energy’s behalf.” So next time someone comes knocking on your door to sell solar “from Duke Energy” you’ll know exactly who the are (or aren’t).
Duke Energy does not have a solar monitoring platform. You can see how much energy you sent to the grid on your bill, but Duke does not provide panel-level production or consumption metrics.
Instead, you should have access to solar monitoring through your inverter or battery storage manufacturer’s app. We include SolarEdge and/or Tesla production and consumption monitoring with our solar and battery systems.
If you want to take your energy monitoring and control to the next level, you might consider a smart electrical panel, like SPAN.
Since you own your solar system, Duke Energy does not have an in-house solar installation or maintenance team to repair your solar panels. You will need to work with a local solar company for any maintenance services. If you are having performance or warranty issues with your solar system, get in touch! Our in-house solar tech support team would be happy to diagnose your system.
As a solar and building performance company serving the Carolinas, we’re all for improving the way people make and use energy! Here are some other energy-related residential rebates offered by Duke Energy:
Southern Energy Management is North Carolina’s most established solar installer. We’ve helped 3000+ homes and businesses make the switch to solar since 2001. Our Raleigh-based team of in-house solar experts is proud to serve the areas of:
Duke Energy or Duke Energy Progress (“Duke Energy”) administers the Duke Energy PowerPair Incentive Program. Southern Energy Management is not Duke Energy and does not represent its views or opinions in any way. Our involvement with the PowerPair Incentive program is as a local solar installer that seeks to guide, educate, and support our customers to make the best solar decision for their home and/or business.
Any facts and statements on our website or digital content about the Duke Energy PowerPair Incentive program are based on publicly available information on Duke Energy’s website and our own experience in working with the program. This content is updated on a regular basis as new information is released and any inaccuracies or outdated information should be brought to our attention immediately so that we can correct it.
Schedule a free assessment to learn more about solar power & battery storage.
North Carolina’s solar power and building performance expert. Founded in 2001, we’ve worked for 20+ years to improve the way people make and use energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------