ROOT: https://solarenergydesign.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:32:54.510578Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 22

================================================================================

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/

It’s time to go solar!
Quality solar electric and energy storage systems for homes, businesses and non-profit organizations.
What we do
Site assessment
We’ll let you know if solar is right for you.
System design
We create both grid-tied and off-grid systems.
Installation
We get your new solar arrays up and running.
Serving western & central Oregon
Eugene, Springfield & greater Lane County • The Oregon Coast, from Newport to Bandon • Corvallis, Salem & the mid-Willamette Valley • Bend, Redmond, Sisters & surrounds
Residential solar
- Save money on energy costs
- Increase the value of your property
- Lower your carbon footprint
- Energy independence
Commercial solar
- Net positive investment is as little as six years
- Increased energy security
- Reduce greenhouse gas emissions
Solar for institutions
- Colleges, universities, nonprofits, churches, and more
- Lower your carbon footprint
- Reduce ongoing energy costs
Skilled. Experienced. Local.
We are based in Eugene, Oregon, and have been a trusted, locally owned and operated solar energy contractor since 2004. We pride ourselves on quality work and thorough, transparent communication.
Designing and installing a solar electric system is a complex, often confusing undertaking. We can handle the whole project, from design to installation.
We want to make you understand the details — first of all, if solar is right for you. If so, we can help you work out what sort of system would be best for your situation.
We’ve been building both grid-tied and off-grid solar systems for two decades.
We will also clearly explain the costs, as well as the incentives available to you.
Energy Design did an absolutely top-notch job. The sales person was also the technical manager and really knew his stuff. The staff that did the installation were excellent — did it right the first time and were perfectionists in their work.
— solarestimator.org

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/about/

Skilled.
Experienced.
Trustworthy.
We are your locally owned, locally operated solar contractor, making a difference in Oregon for two decades.
We were founded in 2004 on the idea that helping homeowners and business owners install renewable, sustainable solar energy systems provides long-term benefit to our community and the planet.
We believe in some simple, timeless values: hard work, pride in workmanship, building things to last. At the same time, we are driven by new ideas: to reduce our collective impact on the planet and to implement new technologies that can help solve some of our world’s big problems.
CCB #161672 – BCD#CL48 – ETO Contractor# 10061. Licensed, Bonded and Insured.
Meet our team
Vince McClellan
President, System Design, LRT, NABCEP Certified PV Installation Professional
Vince is a NABCEP Certified Installation Professional and has spent his life learning and perfecting his skills as a solar electric designer and installer. Vince has over 40 years of experience specifically in photovoltaics, and is one of the most knowledgeable individuals in solar electric design and construction in the Pacific Northwest. Vince started his training as an electrician and began installing systems in 1982 on the Hawaiian Islands. Since then, he has installed numerous systems in Hawaii, California, and Oregon.
As an employer and instructor, Vince has trained hundreds of solar & electrical professionals. At Lane Community College Vince taught for four years for the Renewable Energy Associate of Applied Science Program, and has taught numerous other workshops and classes throughout his career. Vince is a licensed solar electric contractor in Oregon.
Jeremiah Chavez
General Manager/Design/Sales
Jeremiah has spent over 25 years in the construction field, 19 of which dedicated to designing & implementing photovoltaic projects. Jeremiah has a associates degree as a Renewable Energy Technician from Lane Community College, and is entry level NABCEP certified.
Debra Bolman
Office Manager
Deb has a background in engineering, architecture and alternative energy, with a bachelor’s degree in mathematics and computer science. She has worked in the solar and electrical contracting field since 2011. Before that she spent 20 years as a software developer and data analyst. She is a daily bike commuter.
Hana Schandelmeier-Lynch
Project Coordinator
Hana has a background in community wellness, research and solar. She holds a Bachelor of Science in Globalism, Environment, and Policy. She is passionate about fostering sustainable growth and facilitating support for solar solutions. She helps to keep our projects on track and organized. She will be your go-to for communication around your project’s permitting and paperwork trail.
Paul Mulhern
Project Manager, Licensed Limited Renewable Technician (LRT)
Paul has over a decade in the field working in both Oregon & Texas. He brings an incredible array of background and knowledge to our installations while managing training of our apprentices as well.
John Loomis
Limited Renewable Technician (LRT)
John is our battery system expert. He brings an extensive knowledge of electronics and off-grid living to the table while building rugged futuristic energy storage and grid tied solar electric systems.
You are blessed with an outstanding and knowledgeable crew. They are dedicated employees that care about a job well done and meeting a customer’s needs.
— Holly

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/residential/

Residential
solar systems
A solar electric system can lower your household electricity bills, reduce your greenhouse gas emissions, and increase the value of your home.
Go solar, and start enjoying the freedom and benefits of generating your own electricity!
We design; we install
We have designed and installed more than 1,000 residential solar electric systems. We do most of our work in Western and Central Oregon.
Durable, quality work
We design and build our systems to last 25 years and beyond. We use only high-quality components, most of which are warrantied for at least that long.
Lowering the initial cost
The solar systems we install are normally eligible for a federal investment tax credit of 30%. We also work with the Oregon Department of Energy and local utilities to secure any available rebates on your behalf. Learn more about incentives available for solar and battery storage systems.
Off-grid or ‘grid-tied’?
Most of the residential systems we install are “grid-tied” and “net-metered.” That means your solar panels are tied into your electric utility’s power grid. Excess power that the panels generate is fed onto the grid, and if your current power use is more than the panels are generating, your home will simple draw any extra power it needs from the grid.
But because you will be drawing much less power from the grid, you power bills will go down.
We also have designed and installed many off-grid systems. These are independent of any utility and are not tied into the electricity grid. These types of installations are more common in rural areas, and require a battery storage system, which can store power when the panels are generating more than is being used.
Those interested in off-grid systems usually desire greater independence and may have concerns about the reliability of their utility. For example, in recent years, we have installed systems where there are concerns of rolling blackouts or power shutdowns during certain weather conditions in wildfire season, when there is a concern a downed line could spark a fire.
Get started with a free assessment
Part of our job is to help you understand the types of systems that will best suit your needs and your location, as well as the financial and permitting details involved.
Get in touch for free consultation. As part of that, we will come to your home and assess the following:
- What are your current energy needs?
- Can we help you save money through energy efficiency?
- Do you have roof-space for a panel array with good Southern exposure and minimal shade?
- Is the roof and truss or rafter system able to accommodate the weight of a solar array?
- If rooftop placement is not workable, we can determine if you have appropriate space for a ground-mounted array of panels.
- We can help you understand which tax credits and utility incentives are available to you. These vary depending on where you live, and can be confusing. We will make sure you have accurate information.
- Finally, we will give you a bid for the initial cost of the project, as well as an estimate for how long it would take for your power bill savings to offset that upfront cost (return on investment).
I am pleased to give Energy Design my highest recommendation. I interviewed representatives from three solar companies prior to selecting Energy Design and was most impressed by the years working in solar energy and the knowledge about placement for the solar arrays.
— Hall Residence, Eugene, Oregon

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/commercial/

Commercial
solar systems
Quality system design & installation
A solar electric system typically becomes a net positive investment in as little as six years of operation — all while creating clean power on-site.
Step toward sustainability
A solar power array makes an important statement about your company. It is a concrete expression of your commitment to renewable energy and a reduced carbon footprint.
We know our trade well
We have designed and built dozens of commercial-scale solar electric systems, at warehouses, factories, wineries, gas stations, retail properties, farms, and more.
Lowering upfront costs
We can help you navigate the tax credits and utility incentives that make commercial solar energy systems a cost-effective way to control energy costs. In fact, the 30% federal investment tax credit and the depreciation schedule for solar equipment allows solar projects to be net positive in as little as six years. Learn more about incentives available.
Planning & design details
We work directly with business owners on some projects. And on others our in-house design team also has partnered with structural and electrical engineering firms or general contractors to offer system design documentation, procurement, and installation services for projects across the western United States.
Commercial solar projects usually require a 3- to 12-month timeline, along with meticulous design and financial planning. We are here to help with all of it.
During the planning stage, we consider a few different options:
- sloped roof installation,
- flat-roof tilt-up arrays, fastened to roof supports,
- flat-roof ballasted racking, held fast with a combination of concrete block and fasteners, or
- building-integrated arrays, wherein the roof itself is created from solar modules
Typically, our commercial clients end up producing 15% to 50% of their annual power load with their solar panel arrays, when they are installed to feed an existing business property or manufacturing facility, what we call a “net-metered” system.
Some commercial solar projects may be designed as “direct generation” systems, meaning they feed power onto the utility-owned grid directly.
Each of these types of designs have pros and cons. Additionally, each utility and AHJ (Authority Having Jurisdiction) in Oregon has a unique set of rules governing the connection of these systems to the grid. We can assist you with wading through these complex laws and regulations to choose a path that best suits your site and the intended purpose of your solar investment.
Large-scale direct-generation projects
Larger systems designed to be “direct-generation” — that is, they feed power directly onto the utility-owned grid — involve negotiation of a power purchase agreement with the utility, so the power can be sold onto the wider grid.
Careful planning is necessary here especially, as there are many restrictions on siting renewable energy facilities. Each county and municipality has their own set of regulations. There are also utility restraints on the capacity of existing power lines and distribution equipment.
Because we believe in responsible land stewardship and the inherent value of our forests and farms, we generally do not recommend the installation of large solar facilities near wilderness area, forestland or farmland (unless dual purpose designs are utilized). These sites are priceless, and often involve lengthy land use decisions, environmental studies, and potential lawsuits that can take years to process.
If you are interested in siting a large facility, however, we can help by accessing a database of super-fund sites, landfills, and other areas more suitable for a big solar project via the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Re-Powering America’s Land program.
These previously disturbed lands are better suited for big solar projects, and can help promote a renewable energy economy. We can also assist you with siting facilities in existing pastures and devalued sites that lie close-in to existing infrastructure. Energy Design has experience working on behalf of our clients to present projects to utilities, AHJs (Authorities Having Jurisdiction), and state and federal regulatory bodies.
Interested in a deep dive into the Federal Investment Tax Credit to learn how your organization may be eligible (even if you are non-profit?!)? Please click here for more.
Some of our clients
We have completed commercial and institutional solar projects for:
Red Lion Hotel, Bend
Lane Community College
Hummingbird Wholesale
Corvallis School District
Emerald People’s Utility District
High Pass Winery
Lane Transit District
City of Creswell
Cascade Manor
Homes for Good
Linn-Benton Community College
Blachly-Lane Cooperative
Dzogchen Shri Singha Foundation
Fish Food Pantry
Home Power Magazine
Independent Environments
Inspired Nutrition
The Barrow
Life Source Natural Foods
Oregon Country Fair
Oregon Rubber Mills
South Lane Mental Health
Springfield School District
Thistledown Farm
City of Veneta
Willamette ENT
Willakenzie Estate
Winter Green Farm
Lane County School Districts
I would highly recommend Energy Design for commercial solar electric installations. Not only did they complete on time, but the system performs better than projected and attracts extra business to our site because of its elegance and original design.
— Ian Hill, Managing Partner, SeQuential Biofuels

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/battery-backup-storage-systems/

Outages happen.
Be prepared.
Energy storage systems can be worth their weight in gold during a power outage at a residential or small-commercial property.
Why have a backup?
Battery storage systems can keep power flowing so that essential electrical items (typically the well pump, refrigerator, freezer, basic lighting and appliance circuits) can keep running during a power outage.
We design & install your system
We have designed, installed and maintained battery backup systems for over 20 years. During times of low power-use, the integrated solar panels charge the batteries. When there is a power outage, the backup system switches on instantly.
Being prepared
Many of our customers, especially those in rural areas, want to be prepared in case of an emergency loss of power from the grid — for example during a “red flag” event when wildfire is a threat and utilities are forced to shut off the power.
The facts about Energy Storage Systems
What are the limitations of an Energy Storage System?
Marketing across the internet would have you believe that, if you purchase an energy storage system (ESS) (battery based system) for your home, you can power your entire house, no matter the circumstance, for an indefinite amount of time. This is untrue. Many factors play into the instantaneous available power and duration an ESS can power loads at a site during an outage.
Our team designs and builds both standard grid tied solar electric system and ESS systems. An ESS is typically grid tied and net metered, just like a standard solar electric system. The ESS additionally functions by accumulating the solar energy that isn’t used by your home or sold back to the utility on a given day, into a collection of batteries, typically lithium iron phosphate. You can consider this ‘potential’ energy stored to be used later when needed. We primarily utilize Sol-Ark hybrid inverter chargers to do the work here. They provide the ‘brains’ for a system, allowing complex programming and a myriad of user-defined options depending on utility rules, owner preferences, and expected weather patterns (aka backup mode).
Batteries have limits based on chemistry, charge capacity and lifespan. The Sol-Ark inverter utilizes complex algorithms to find the best charging parameters based on the inputs available and the state of the batteries incorporated into an ESS.
Solar electric systems tend to produce the majority of their power annually between May and September. Our winters here in the Pacific Northwest consist of mostly gray skies and rain. The suns path, being lower on the horizon, inherently produces less power between October and April. The typical solar electric system output is measured in the hundreds of Watts in the winter, as compared to thousands of Watts in the summer. It just so happens that it is also winter time when we can expect extreme weather that leads to power outages. Winter is also when all-electric homes tend to have the highest electrical demand due to the need for heating. These outages are the primary reason clients call our team to inquire about ESS technology.
The systems we build do not provide enough power to run HVAC systems or water heaters for any meaningful length of time. Typically, our electrical contracting partner will install a 125 Amp load center and migrate your most needed breakers from your existing electrical panel to this new backup loads panel. During an outage, the backup loads panel is automatically powered instantaneously via the Sol-Ark inverter and the interconnected battery system.
What can you expect to get out of an ESS during a winter power outage?
Let’s imagine there’s an outage. Your energy storage system has a limited supply of power stored. The better you manage your consumption, the longer your system will last before needing a charge. Typical ESS utilize lithium iron phosphate batteries with a capacity of 10-30 kWh. This is usually interconnected to an “Essential” load electrical panel (100-125A). Like the name implies, the battery will only power what would be essential if you had limited access to energy. Think well pump, kitchen receptacles, freezer, fridge, internet router and basic lighting.
Here’s the basic math to keep in mind: When you run a 1000 watt appliance for an hour you use one unit (kilowatt hour) of electricity. One unit of electricity will run a 2000 watt heater for 30 minutes or a 100 watt lightbulb for 10 hours. You can develop an ESS management plan by looking at the Energy Rating Label on the appliances you have interconnected on the essential loads panel and figuring out how much time these appliances actually run.
It should be mentioned here that an ESS cannot power your electric heating system typically. Homes in the PNW typically use 11,000 kWh/yr or 30 kWh in a day. During a winter storm, this can easily jump to 100 kWh in a day when a heat pump or electric furnace is in use and running on ‘overdrive’ to keep up with frigid temps. The smaller (10-36 typically) kWh storage capacity of an ESS gives you a backup option, but only to essential loads. If the sun comes out and the solar modules are free of snow and debris, you’ll be able to replenish some of this stored energy, but rarely at the rate of consumption during the winter. Summertime outages (such as red flag events) tend to provide power for much longer duration than the winter time.
What can I do to make an ESS last longer during a winter outage?
Energy Design has various code compliant and user friendly techniques to have an ESS and solar installations that allow for generators to be used on site during extended outages.
We highly recommend investing in a quality 120/240 Volt standby or portable propane (not gasoline or diesel) generator. It may not sound environmentally friendly (resiliency seldom is), or may even sound like a roundabout method, but it’s the most effective backup energy tool for a short term emergency in the winter given the sun limitations. We recommend 8000-12000 Watt propane generators on site and at least 40 gallons of stored fuel. We do not recommend gasoline generators, as the maintenance of the fuel can be difficult, whereas propane can be stored for up to 8 years. We always recommend a 50 Amp (not 30 Amp) inlet receptacle for the portable generators.
Energy Design has found innovative ways of working with a standard electrical contractor to integrate a generator’s power directly into the Sol-Ark inverter/charger system to charge batteries and feed interconnected essential loads. The generator would either manually or automatically get turned on when the batteries reach a certain threshold. Clients could shut off the generators at night to sleep, while still having power available to their essential loads. An integrated generator circuit will actually help you get the most use out of your ESS investment during winter outages.
It’s important to note that we typically use Sol-Ark instead of Tesla Powerwalls due to their higher efficiency and the ability to directly couple with generators. To repeat, Tesla Powerwalls (and nearly every other battery based inverter system) do not allow you to recharge the batteries via a generator, only solar. Our systems are more robust but they do involve more user interface.
We recommend checking your battery systems programming often (especially before big seasonal temperature changes). Just like with home computers and internet equipment, software upgrades are required from time to time. Making sure your ESS is running the newest operating system helps ensure a quality experience during a weather event.
Although we would love to sell you a well built ESS, we must say that it’s always less complicated and cheaper to have a small generator on hand to power your needs, and have a standard grid-tied solar system on site to help offset your carbon footprint and annual power consumption.
If you have questions about the safe integration of a generator without ESS, we recommend learning about generator interlock kits or contacting a local electrical contractor to discuss automatic generator options.
Questions to ask yourself: What is my situation when the power goes out? How much energy do I really need in order to make it for a couple days? All of the standard solar electric systems we build are capable of AC coupling with a future ESS, should the cost, capacity and complexity of such systems fare better in the near future. We like to call it ‘future proofing’.
Wait, what about heating?
We do not recommend installing 240 V electric heating systems in the essential loads panel connected to the battery system. Sometimes it is possible to run controls and fans for NG (methane) furnaces and other low consumption HVAC equipment like mini-splits. We must evaluate these options on a case-by-case basis. Often, an electric heating source will too-quickly drain your battery system.
Though a bit taboo these days, we highly recommend installing an efficient wood stove or pellet stove as a backup heat source, especially for our rural clients. You can look into EPA efficient wood stoves, or other non-electric stoves that don’t produce as many emissions of fine particles (they pollute the air).
Preparing for and managing your household’s experience of an approaching winter storm is ¾’s of the battle.
See our “How to be prepared for a winter storm warning” listed below.
If you’re serious about an Energy Storage System, consider these factors:
- Batteries have limited capabilities. It’s important to understand that an ESS can only support smaller loads for long periods, or larger loads for shorter duration. An ESS will not power my whole house. Why? Physics, cost, electrical safety considerations, and available sunlight.
- Batteries and solar don’t work as well in the winter as they do in the summer. Limited sunlight provides less opportunities to fully recharge during daylight hours.
- When using a battery system in the winter you’ll need to practice extremely frugal power usage. It won’t be possible to run everything in your house at once. The system will only be able to power the breakers placed in the essential loads panel.
- Battery systems can be costly when compared to their energy storage capabilities. Energy storage systems are radically more complex than standard grid tied solar electric systems. They typically ranging between $30k-$100k (before rebates and tax credits) depending on the amount of AC electrical work that would be needed and the number of lithium iron phosphate batteries in the system (kiloWatt hours of storage).
- If you have an ESS installed, we still recommend a backup generator. Why? It’s the most effective backup charging source during the winter (because of the limited sunlight, and potential for solar panels to get covered with snow/ice).
- We recommend installing a small UPS (uninterrupted power supply) for your internet router. During an outage, many ESS operate best with a constant connection to the internet during an outage. This also allows you to track the behavior of the system and even operate controls whether on or off site!
- Installation time and complexity: Typical solar projects take 2-3 days to install, while an energy storage system installation can take up to 10 days due to the complexity of AC and DC electrical work and system programming/commissioning.
- You’ll need to test your system annually. We recommend simulating an outage every year, ideally before big seasonal temperature changes, in order to observe the software and hardware working properly. This also helps exercise your muscle memory to be prepared for an outage.
- Temperature matters. If a battery system gets too cold, then it won’t function properly. Lithium batteries must be above freezing (32°F/0°C) to charge correctly. Our team will employ various methods to provide a 48V heat source at the battery cabinet. During an outage, this will help keep the batteries at operating temperature, allowing them to work when you need them most. Please note that for Sol-Ark and Sonnen users, we don’t have access to the temperature data on the installer/user end.
- Lithium Iron Phosphate batteries have a warranted lifespan of ten years, and sometimes a fickle warranty. It may be important to factor in if that lifespan is worth the cost and to have a clear picture of what the warranty will and will not cover.
How to be prepared for a winter storm
- Make sure you test run your system prior to an expected outage by turning off the main breaker to your home electrical panel. Does the ESS perform as expected? Run through your priority breakers and make sure non-essential loads remain off. Label loads well in the backup electrical panel!
- Managing your electrical loads before and during an outage is crucial. The more miserly you are, the longer your system will last and the more fuel you will conserve.
- Keep your battery above the minimum cold temperature. Lithium Ion batteries turn off if they get too cold. Check your Owner’s Manual to see what the minimum operable temperature is.
- Test run your generator prior to a long run. Do you have oil on hand?
- We recommend at least 40 gallons of stored fuel if possible. Propane stores for longer than gasoline, so purchase a quantity suitable for your needs and based on your generator type.
- Have tools prepared to clear snow/ice from your driveway, and off of the panels.
- Get flashlights, charge phone batteries, and have candles and lighters ready.
- The ‘have a backup to your backup’ approach is recommended.
- Stock up on necessities
- Medications, extra food, water
The Various Energy Storage System Options
We have done solar panels on two houses and a barn, and now I have a battery backup in the barn. I couldn’t be more proud to have your equipment in my barn or have Energy Design a part of this farm. Your crew did an outstanding job!
— Holly

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/service-repair/

We repair solar
& battery systems.
Having a problem with an existing solar electric system? We can help!
We have multiple licensed technicians and apprentices who are trained to work with a variety of net-metered and battery-based photovoltaic systems installed during the past 20 years. Our knowledge, experience, and certifications include inverters manufactured by SMA, Fronius, SolarEdge, Midnite, PV Powered, Aurora, Sunpower, Enphase, Outback, Schneider, Sol-Ark, and more.
Whether your system was originally installed by our team and is now out of warranty, or if it was installed by another company that is no longer operating locally, get in touch. Chances are we can get you back up and running.
Is this a general electrical problem?
If you are having a general AC electrical issue, however, we recommend contacting a licensed local electrician immediately.
Our team can often offer remote assistance to talk you or a licensed electrician through the process of troubleshooting solar equipment and circuits. Often a simple fix and power-cycling your inverter will get it up and running again. That’s the beauty of solar electric systems!
Our service rates
Our service rates are $120/hr. for a licensed renewable technician (LRT) and $65/hr for an LRT apprentice. You will be billed after the system has been repaired via email link or snail mail, if preferred.
Service Request Form
All service requests must be processed through this form. Phone calls and general emails about service work will be asked to come back and fill this form out. It is the best way for us to inform the right people and keep information organized.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/subcontracting/

Subcontracting
If you’re a general contractor and have a client asking about solar, or if you need help making sure a building is solar-ready, give us a call.
Design & installation
While we often work directly for homeowners and business owners, we are happy to come on as a subcontractor for generals who want help with system design, documentation, procurement, or installation.
Making new construction solar-ready
When the walls are still open! That’s the best time to make a building ready for easier addition of solar later on. Give us a call if you have question about ensuring solar-readiness.
Energy Design is the ideal contractor: very experienced, knowledgeable, thorough, careful, fair, and personable. Our installation was highly praised by other contractors: “Wow, great work!”
— solarestimator.org

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/solar-system-incentives/

Incentives
to go solar
Most renewable energy projects in Oregon are eligible for utility rebates and incentives.
These incentives help offset the cost of the initial investment to install a solar electric system, which in turn shortens the amount of time required for your power bill savings to result in a net positive return on your investment.
Rebates & tax credits
The incentives you may qualify for depend on which utility’s territory your project will be built in. But nearly all Oregon projects will qualify for these two:
- The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 included many tools to support residential, commercial, and institutional solar electric system investments. The most significant had been the extension of the 30 percent federal investment tax credit (FITC) for solar projects until 2032. On July 4th, 2025, the current administration curtailed this great US investment in renewable energy by sunsetting (what a pleasant word for a difficult situation) the federal tax credit for residential application. The 25D 30% tax credit will no longer be available after December 31, 2025.
- For commercial projects, many curtailments were created by the oil industry’s paid politicians to now sunset the 30% federal tax credit as part of the One Big Beautiful Bill (OBBB). This program, which has greatly supported renewable energy adoption across the United States, will now go away on December 31, 2027.
Our team will help you decipher your eligibility for all incentives, but for now you can simply select your utility below to get an overview of what is likely available in your area at this time.
What incentives are currently available to you?
Select your utility to find out.
Blachly-Lane Electric Cooperative (BLEC)
Central Electric Coooperative (CEC)
Central Lincoln PUD (CLPUD)
City of Bandon
Columbia River PUD (CRPUD)
Consumers Power (CPI)
Coos-Curry Electric Cooperative (CCEC)
Douglas Electric Cooperative (DEC)
Emerald People's UD (EPUD)
Eugene Water & Electric Board (EWEB)
Lane Electric Cooperative (LEC)
McMinnville Water & Light (MWL)
Pacific Power (PP)
Portland General Electric (PGE)
Springfield Utility Board (SUB)
Off Grid (no utility)
Other

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/ongoing-savings/

Go solar —
and save
Most solar electric systems pay for themselves with the clean renewable energy they produce on site.
When you start generating power from the sun, your monthly electricity bill will drop, because you are making your own electricity. Moreover, if your system is tied to the grid, any excess power your panels produce can normally be sold back to your utility for cash or credit.
Over time, these savings add up, to pay back your initial investment.
Net metering vs. Net billing
If you have a solar system that is “grid-tied” — that is, your system is connected the to larger utility grid, there can be a give and take of power between your system and the grid.
If you need more energy than your solar panels are generating, you draw the difference from the grid, and you owe the utility for that extra power you consume. But if your panels are producing more power than you are consuming on-site, the excess is sent out onto the grid.
There are a couple of different methods that utilities use to account for this, and which determine how you are compensated when your system is producing more watts than you are using: These methods are called “net metering” and “net billing.”
How ‘net metering’ works
With net metering, generally, you receive credit for any power you send onto the grid at the retail price of electricity — that is, the amount that ordinary utility customers pay.
It’s not usually a monetary exchange. You don’t get a check from the utility. Instead, your credits are “banked,” and you can then use them when you need to pull electricity from the grid, as on a cloudy day.
Net-metering credits can be rolled over from month to month. In this way, in Oregon, your credits tend to accumulate in the summer, and then you can draw on them during the winter, when days are short and cloudier.
Net metering usually works as a one-to-one exchange. A kilowatt-hour from your solar system is worth the same amount as a kilowatt-hour from the grid. This simplifies your energy bill, as you are only billed for your “net energy use” — that is, the number of kilowatt-hours you use minus the kilowatt-hours your system produces.
Net metering makes home solar systems more valuable to the end user. However, utility companies argue that because the retail price of electricity reflects the business expenses of the utility, in addition to the value of electricity, net-metering credits are worth more than the actual value of electricity and delivery.
Still, most utility providers in the state of Oregon offer true net metering. Some, however, such as Eugene Water & Electric Board, use net billing instead.
How ‘net billing’ works
Unlike net metering, net-billing credits are based on the wholesale cost of electricity — that is, the amount your utility company pays for electricity, not what it charges its customers.
Instead of “banking” the credits earned from excess energy generated by your solar panels, net-billing programs enable you to basically “sell” your excess energy to the utility at this wholesale rate, as a monetary exchange.
In this way, a small-scale residential solar system is treated more or less like a large-scale solar generation project.
For a homeowner or small business, remember that the compensation you receive for excess power under a net-billing system is typically lower than it would be with net metering.
Eugene Water & Electric Board has used a net-billing model for the past few years. Therefore, investments in solar systems in EWEB territory take a little longer to pay back than those in other utilities in Oregon.
Additionally, we are expecting to see PGE and Pacific Power adopt a similar net-billing programs by 2025.
Avoided-cost
Unlike most retail net-metering programs, avoided-cost bill credits don’t translate to a one-to-one compensation setup. Instead, participants receive credits equal to the price of the utility saved by not having to provide electricity to their homes.
Since the transaction is monetary and not a one-to-one exchange, avoided-cost rates can be classified as net billing rather than net metering.
How solar compensation programs affect your savings
All of this means that your solar electric system saves you money on power in two ways.
First, of course, you don’t have to pay anything for the ongoing use of the power your panels generate.
Second, net metering or net billing will make sure you never “lose” the value of any excess electricity your system produces on a sunny day.
You can essentially “store” that energy, and use it when you need it — on a cloudy day or at night.
The one-to-one exchange of net metering usually translates to lower electricity bills, a shorter payback period, and a more favorable return on investment. Net billing can also contribute to a shorter payback period and boost overall savings, but it’s less valuable for solar owners than net metering.
To maximize your savings, regardless of your local compensation program, you can always adjust your consumption habits or install an energy storage system (such as lithium batteries) to store your excess energy instead of selling it to your utility.
Of course, net metering and net billing only apply to “grid-tied” systems. If you are thinking of an “off-grid” system, storing excess energy in an on-site battery system is a great option to get the most efficiency from your solar panels. We set up battery storage systems as well.
Learn more
- Energysage has more information on determining how long a solar system takes to pay for itself.
- The team at Enphase has produced a great recorded webinar on reading your utility bill after a solar installation.
- For a nationwide take on net metering, see The Solar Energy Industry Association (SEIA) has a nationwide take on net metering.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/solar-system-incentives/solar-for-all-grant/

Solar For All Grant
The $86.6 Million award given to Oregon to support solar installations for Low-Income households, ON PAUSE as of 8/15/2025
The Solar For All Program has been placed on pause due to the freezing of funds by the federal government. At this time, we are unable to move forward with Solar For All applications. According to OPB, “Officials in the state issued a statement suggesting Oregon might sue to keep access to the program.” Please participate by signing a nationwide petition and calling your state representatives. If you would like to stay informed about future updates, sign up for our newsletter below.
For the latest updates on this grant program, read here.
The Oregon Solar for All Coalition – which comprises the Oregon Department of Energy, Energy Trust of Oregon, and Bonneville Environmental Foundation – has been awarded $86.6 Million from a federally funded grant, called Solar For All, to provide sustainable and clean energy to low income Oregon households. This funding comes from the U.S. EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund that was created by the 2022 Inflation Reduction Act.
The Coalition has five main goals to achieve with the funding, according to the Oregon Solar + Storage Industries Association:
1. Support solar installations at low-income single-family households with little to no upfront customer cost.
2. Provide rebates for solar projects on multifamily buildings to provide tangible benefits to low-income tenants.
3. Offer financial and technical assistance to develop community solar projects that benefit low income participants under the Oregon Community Solar Program.
4. Offer financial and technical assistance to develop community solar projects that benefit low income participants in consumer-owned utility service areas.
5. Strengthen the state’s workforce development activities.
Not all solar companies can offer this funding because they don’t qualify with the Oregon Department of Energy’s (ODOE) contractor criteria which was put in place for consumer protection. ODOE will be managing all of the applications related to the Solar For All grant.
Energy Design is a trade ally of ODOE and The Energy Trust of Oregon, so we are qualified to apply for grant funding on behalf of our clients and partners.
What to expect going forward as an eligible participant with Energy Design
Update 08/08/25: This EPA grant program is currently under threat of ‘claw back’ by the oil lined pocketed cronies of the current administration. Let your senator know that you want this program to continue!
To be prepared, we advise anyone who believes they will be eligible for this grant to act on the following criteria before the program opening is slated to begin in late 2025:
1. Make sure your house has a clear view to the South and/or West. This means getting rid of any tree shading or ruling out whether your South and West roof are shaded.
2. Update your roof. The roof of your home needs to be new or replaced within the last 5 years if it has composite shingles. A standing seam metal roofing would be fine as is. Unfortunately, manufactured homes will not qualify.
3. Review the currently published LMI information to see if you qualify as low income if you are in Pacific Power or PGE territory. Stay up to date on the Solar For All Program as well.
4. Request a copy of your Oregon Tax Transcript for the year prior to the program opening (2024 or possible 2025). The state will not accept a copy of the federal tax documents (unless you moved to Oregon within that calendar year and therefore don’t have a full year’s worth of Oregon Tax Transcript – that is the only situation where they would accept a federal tax transcript).
5. Keep up to date on ALL of the rebate, grant and loan programs offered through the Oregon Dept. of Energy. Even if you do not have the perfect site for solar, you may be able to take advantage of programs in the next year that will help pay for windows, insulation, electrical and HVAC upgrades!
We look forward to helping future clients who will benefit from this grant and achieve affordable clean energy!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/faqs/

Frequently asked questions about solar
Questions about Sunpower®? Please read our response
Solar panels capture sunlight and convert it into electricity through a process called the photovoltaic effect — where photons from sunlight generate an electric current within a semiconductor material and it is transferred through your electric system. This current can then be used to power electrical devices in the home. Any excess electricity can be sent back to the grid or stored in batteries for use during periods of low sunlight.
Every site is different because we build according to your energy use and how many solar panels will physically fit a particular situation. The industry median in the United States right now for residential systems is $2.65 per watt DC-$3.33 per watt DC . The average size of a system is 9.5 kiloWatts here in Oregon. Considering the costs of supplies, labor, and permitting, complete grid-tied systems typically range from $18,000 to $35,000 before rebates and tax credits are factored in. Learn more about system cost vs. power bill savings.
Right now, there are many rebates and incentives available to significantly lower the out-of-pocket cost of the initial investment to install a solar electric system. After that, you generate a large percentage of your own electricity annually, so your power bills will go down because you need less power from the grid, and because you will not be subject to future rate increases by utility companies over time. Considering the incentives and being insulated from rate increases, solar panel systems pay for themselves over their lifetime, if not sooner. A typical return on investment is 12-18 years now that the federal tax credit is expiring. Learn more about installation incentives and about ongoing savings from solar.
It depends on your utility provider and household income. There are many, including the Energy Trust of Oregon Solar and Energy Storage Programs, other utility-specific incentives and a federal tax credit that amounts to 30 percent of the total out-of-pocket cost of your solar photovoltaic system(for commercial systems only now 07/12/25). If you cannot use the full tax credit the first year, it can carry forward to subsequent years. See which incentives are currently available within your utility’s territory on our incentives page.
Don’t take for granted that currently available incentive programs for solar energy will always be around! The amounts of various rebates can change from year to year, or even be ended entirely. Some rebate programs are allocated a fixed amount of money for a year, and it’s possible the program runs out of money before the year is over.
Yes. Energy Design Co. will include any available rebates/incentives and tax credits specific to your situation when you request a free assessment or bid from us.
Due to a high volume of interest, it generally takes 60-90 days from contract signing to system completion. Factors include: permitting, net metering/interconnection application approval, construction planning and inspections. The installation of the equipment will typically take three to four days for a crew of three, depending on the system size. In total, each project requires a minimum of 100 hours of onsite labor hours to complete.
We are mandated to wait for your utility to come out and install(or reprogram) your new “net meter” in order for the power produced on site to be calculated properly. This can take up to two weeks for the meter shop to complete typically. Your existing meter can not differentiate if your system is pushing energy onto the grid or consuming power from the grid, so it will not calculate your power usage correctly until the net meter is installed.
Typically we bill a third of the total cost when the contract is signed. We then bill another portion when we order supplies for your project, such as panels, inverters and racking equipment. The final payment is due once both electrical and building inspections have passed. Since every project is unique we can often work with you to set up a payment plan that fits your financial needs.
Due to current interest rates, Energy Design Co. is not offering a loan option. We do anticipate a loan offering in Energy Trust of Oregon territory in the fall of 2025. We are happy to help you understand the lifecycle cost analysis of a solar project. Please let us know your questions when you request free assessment.
No. There are currently tax rebates and program incentives to promote solar adoption, but anyone claiming solar is “free” is either being misleading or possibly scamming you. Check out this article by the Energy Trust of Oregon to protect yourself from other signs of deceptive solar marketing.
We were founded in 2004 by industry veteran/solar pioneer, Vince McClellan. We have installed solar and battery systems for hundreds of homes and many well-known Oregon businesses. We stay up to date on industry standards and new equipment. As a solar professional training agent, we work with the Oregon JATC to cultivate solar savvy professional installers. We currently have four licensed renewable technicians (LRT) on staff and one LRT apprentice. Our lead designer, Jonah Whitten, and owner, Vince McClellan, are both NABCEP certified PV professionals. Learn more about our team.
Yes. Pacific Power and Portland General Electric were approved to increase their rates by 14.8 percent starting in 2024. As Oregon plans to use 100 percent renewable energy by 2040, many utility companies have started their own solar farms and infrastructure changes. Although this is commendable, the costs are passed on to the consumer. A solar system on your home gives you a way to use clean energy and not be subject to increased prices. You own your solar system, instead of paying more for the utility companies to build it.
Another important factor is that net metering is not guaranteed to be available indefinitely. Utilities hold the right to stop accepting it for new houses in the future – which is what makes solar possible for most homeowners. Sites that get net-metering approval now will be grandfathered in with their agreement.
The majority of the system components we use are guaranteed for 25 years. Panels degrade at a marginal percentage per year (typically .5% or better). At 25 years, they produce approximately 80 percent+ of what they did when they were new, and even then they still have a lot of life in them. Often the solar inverter manufacturer will have a stated warranty period of 10 to 12 years with the ability to request a warranty extension to 25 years for an additional cost.
We typically use equipment with a 10-25 manufacturer warranty. Energy Design Co. offers a 2-7 year equipment and workmanship warranty depending on the utility program your project falls into. After our service warranty period has ended, we do bill for labor associated with any fix necessary to get your system up and running again, should there be a problem.
About 4.1 percent, according to Zillow. A solar system has great value because it decreases your monthly power bills, gives homeowners the ability to produce their own energy, creates clean electricity, and provides the option to have batteries in case of wildfire caution, power outages, or other emergencies.
These are two slightly different methods that utilities may use to allow residential and commercial customers who generate their own solar electricity to sell excess electricity back into the grid. As a solar customer, you will only be billed for your “net” energy usage and the various monthly utility fees listed on your bill. Learn more about net metering vs net billing.
Yes. If you can tell it’s daytime then there is likely enough solar irradiance to activate your inverter and produce power, even on cloudy or rainy days. However, when the days are shorter in the winter and the sun stays lower on the horizon, a solar electric system will produce considerably less power than it will at the height of summer. If panels are obstructed by snow, you’ll want to carefully remove it with a brush on an extension pole for the panels to be active. This is especially important for off-grid and hybrid battery based systems.
Very little. We do recommend an annual wipe-down with a squeegee. Bird droppings or debris can lower your panels’ production rate. We recommend dusting/vacuuming off the solar inverter, if you have a string inverter, a couple times a year as well. If we install a system for you, you’ll receive a custom Owner’s Manual, which outlines recommended maintenance.
No…unless you have an energy storage system, secure power supply, backup secure or PV Point enabled inverter/charger . If your solar electric system is tied to the grid, it will be unable to produce power until the grid power is active and stable again. Power company workers keep the grid off when they are working to fix downed power lines, and therefore your electricity will be out until the grid is safely turned on again.
It’s not necessary, but it can be useful in the case of a power outages or emergency. It really depends on your situation. If you live in an area with frequent blackouts, or if having power at all times is critical, you may want to consider an energy storage system. Energy storage systems add considerable cost and complexity to a project, but there are battery incentives to help with that too. If you think you might like to have a battery backup later but don’t need it immediately, you may be able to add batteries to your system at some later time. Let us know your situation when you get your free assessment.
It depends where they are relative to your house. For projects West of the Cascade range, we tend to focus on South-facing and West-facing roof areas for solar panel arrays. If you have trees obstructing the sun in these areas, then your house may not be a great candidate for solar.
You may consider cutting the tree(s) down, but we don’t always recommend that. Depending on your energy costs and your house’s energy efficiency, the trees may actually be helping to cool your house and save you energy and money. It’s a case-by-case basis. If you want to get an idea of the shading yourself, type your address into Project Sunroof, and you can see a free shade report on your house. If you’d like more professional input, please request a free assessment from us.
A building suitable for solar will have a composite shingle roof that is no more than eight years old (or you are planning to get a new roof), have roof pitches that are South- and/or West-facing, not obstructed by trees or buildings, have enough space to create a system that meets your energy needs, and have an electrical panel on the house.
It depends on how many kiloWatt hours you use per month and over the course of a year. We will look at your utility bill and roof size to determine how many panels would be best, then adjust to fit your budgetary constraints. It’s all part of your free assessment.
While D.I.Y. installation is possible, it’s highly recommended to hire a professional to ensure safety, code compliance, and optimal system performance. Oregon requires you hire a solar/electrician professional to install the equipment for all permitted structures. Energy Design Co. has the ability to receive solar rebates and incentives on your behalf, lowering your out-of-pocket cost. Under certain situations, we can be hired to do the design documentation and deliver parts for D.I.Y. installs. Contact us with your project inquiry!
When your solar system generates energy, that energy is used up by your house appliances first. Your utility installed net meter doesn’t have the opportunity to see this demand that is being replenished directly by your generating system on site. If their is no/low demand on your side of the utility meter, solar power then feeds out through the net meter toward your neighbors houses, and is credited to your bill accordingly.
Net energy is the difference between the energy produced by your renewable generating system and the amount of electricity supplied by the utility. Therefore, your net meter will only show the amount of energy that was excess and passed back to the grid. Your data monitoring app, however, will show many more kilowatt hours because it is calculating the total energy being produced by your solar electric system, including the Watt/hours your house uses immediately.
It’s an Oregon construction standard that informs the electrical panel installation, conduit routing to the attic/roof, and spacing requirements for the adjacent meter and electrical panel where future solar equipment would be placed.
Learn details about it here from the Energy Trust of Oregon.
Purchasing solar is one of the biggest home improvement investments a person can make for their house. The Energy Trust of Oregon, a non-profit state sanctioned organization designed to spread energy efficiency and ensure consumer protection, lays out a straightforward criteria in this article. We recommend reading that and seeing whether the company you’re talking to is using those tactics.
Please look at this overview to get an idea. The grant covers many types of projects including single family residential, multifamily, community solar, and much more. As of 08/08/25, this federal program is under threat by the same oil industry puppets that trashed the federal solar tax credit.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/referral-program/

Refer a customer.
Earn cash.
Help us share the benefits of solar electric power with others — and earn $500 cash!
It’s simple: If you refer a neighbor, friend or relative to Energy Design, and they hire us, you will get a check in the mail as soon as their project is complete and they have paid in full.
You don’t need to be a past Energy Design customer. And you can refer as many people as you like — there is no limit to the amount of referral payments you can earn.
Yes, I want to refer someone
Please review our referral program’s official terms & conditions.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/free-assessment/

Is solar right
for you?
Schedule a free assessment. We will come visit your site to evaluate your property’s solar energy potential.
If you’re looking for a price estimate, please use our price calculator first (located at the bottom of the page).
Contact us to get started
What you’ll learn
We will give you answers to a number of important questions, so you can make good decisions about your project.
- What are your current energy needs?
- Does your building and electrical system meet current code?
- Where can you save money through energy efficiency?
- Is there good southern or western exposure with minimal shading?
- Can the existing roof structure support the weight of a solar array?
- Is there land available for a ground-mounted array?
- Would an existing outbuilding be a better location for the solar panels?
- What will the initial cost of the solar project be?
- What tax credits and utility incentives are available to you?
- How long would it take to earn back your investment from electric bill savings?
This is the second job Vince and his crew have done with us, including the 28kW array at United Methodist Church of Eugene. We keep recommending Energy Design to everyone we meet!
— Pitney Residence, McMinnville, Oregon

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://customercare@solarenergydesign.com/

It’s time to go solar!
Quality solar electric and energy storage systems for homes, businesses and non-profit organizations.
What we do
Site assessment
We’ll let you know if solar is right for you.
System design
We create both grid-tied and off-grid systems.
Installation
We get your new solar arrays up and running.
Serving western & central Oregon
Eugene, Springfield & greater Lane County • The Oregon Coast, from Newport to Bandon • Corvallis, Salem & the mid-Willamette Valley • Bend, Redmond, Sisters & surrounds
Residential solar
- Save money on energy costs
- Increase the value of your property
- Lower your carbon footprint
- Energy independence
Commercial solar
- Net positive investment is as little as six years
- Increased energy security
- Reduce greenhouse gas emissions
Solar for institutions
- Colleges, universities, nonprofits, churches, and more
- Lower your carbon footprint
- Reduce ongoing energy costs
Skilled. Experienced. Local.
We are based in Eugene, Oregon, and have been a trusted, locally owned and operated solar energy contractor since 2004. We pride ourselves on quality work and thorough, transparent communication.
Designing and installing a solar electric system is a complex, often confusing undertaking. We can handle the whole project, from design to installation.
We want to make you understand the details — first of all, if solar is right for you. If so, we can help you work out what sort of system would be best for your situation.
We’ve been building both grid-tied and off-grid solar systems for two decades.
We will also clearly explain the costs, as well as the incentives available to you.
Energy Design did an absolutely top-notch job. The sales person was also the technical manager and really knew his stuff. The staff that did the installation were excellent — did it right the first time and were perfectionists in their work.
— solarestimator.org

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/solar-incentives?utility=blec

Incentives availablefor solar projects within Blachly-Lane Electric Cooperative (BLEC)
Federal Investment Tax Credit
The residential 45D 30% tax credit will no longer be available after December 31, 2025.
For commercial federal tax credits, many curtailments were created by the oil industry’s paid politicians to now sunset the 30% federal tax credit for commercial entities. This program, which has greatly supported renewable energy adoption across the United States, will now go away on December 31, 2027.
To secure the solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC) for a 2026 project at 30%, you must begin construction by July 4, 2026, or place it in service by December 31, 2027 while utilizing equipment that best navigates the new Foreign Entity of Concern (FEOC) rules for the major components (inverters, solar modules and racking) and ensuring robust documentation for compliance. Early engagement with experienced tax counsel and our office team is critical for meeting these tight deadlines in order to secure the maximum tax credit amount available to you.
The credit amount will be available to you when you file your tax return for the year the installation is completed. If you cannot use the full tax credit that year, it can carry forward to subsequent years. We recommend contacting your tax professional to discuss how the FITC can impact your projected tax situation for a specific year.
Learn more about the federal rebate for homeowners and for businesses.
Accelerated depreciation
If you are considering a solar project for a business, an accelerated depreciation schedule (MACRS) may be applied to your solar electric system purchase. Energy Design will work with your accountant to articulate the distribution of MACRS and the impact it will have on your tax situation.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/solar-incentives?utility=cec

Incentives availablefor solar projects within Central Electric Coooperative (CEC)
Federal Investment Tax Credit
The residential 45D 30% tax credit will no longer be available after December 31, 2025.
For commercial federal tax credits, many curtailments were created by the oil industry’s paid politicians to now sunset the 30% federal tax credit for commercial entities. This program, which has greatly supported renewable energy adoption across the United States, will now go away on December 31, 2027.
To secure the solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC) for a 2026 project at 30%, you must begin construction by July 4, 2026, or place it in service by December 31, 2027 while utilizing equipment that best navigates the new Foreign Entity of Concern (FEOC) rules for the major components (inverters, solar modules and racking) and ensuring robust documentation for compliance. Early engagement with experienced tax counsel and our office team is critical for meeting these tight deadlines in order to secure the maximum tax credit amount available to you.
The credit amount will be available to you when you file your tax return for the year the installation is completed. If you cannot use the full tax credit that year, it can carry forward to subsequent years. We recommend contacting your tax professional to discuss how the FITC can impact your projected tax situation for a specific year.
Learn more about the federal rebate for homeowners and for businesses.
Accelerated depreciation
If you are considering a solar project for a business, an accelerated depreciation schedule (MACRS) may be applied to your solar electric system purchase. Energy Design will work with your accountant to articulate the distribution of MACRS and the impact it will have on your tax situation.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/solar-incentives?utility=clpud

Incentives availablefor solar projects within Central Lincoln PUD (CLPUD)
Federal Investment Tax Credit
The residential 45D 30% tax credit will no longer be available after December 31, 2025.
For commercial federal tax credits, many curtailments were created by the oil industry’s paid politicians to now sunset the 30% federal tax credit for commercial entities. This program, which has greatly supported renewable energy adoption across the United States, will now go away on December 31, 2027.
To secure the solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC) for a 2026 project at 30%, you must begin construction by July 4, 2026, or place it in service by December 31, 2027 while utilizing equipment that best navigates the new Foreign Entity of Concern (FEOC) rules for the major components (inverters, solar modules and racking) and ensuring robust documentation for compliance. Early engagement with experienced tax counsel and our office team is critical for meeting these tight deadlines in order to secure the maximum tax credit amount available to you.
The credit amount will be available to you when you file your tax return for the year the installation is completed. If you cannot use the full tax credit that year, it can carry forward to subsequent years. We recommend contacting your tax professional to discuss how the FITC can impact your projected tax situation for a specific year.
Learn more about the federal rebate for homeowners and for businesses.
Central Lincoln PUD Residential Program
CLPUD offers a rebate of up to $2,000 for residential solar system installations. The exact amount depends on power output of the system, paying $500 per kilowatt-hour DC.
If you add battery storage to any qualifying power generation system, you can also qualify for up to $2,000 toward the cost of the batteries.
Once the system is running, CLPUD offers true net-metering with an annual true-up period.
Accelerated depreciation
If you are considering a solar project for a business, an accelerated depreciation schedule (MACRS) may be applied to your solar electric system purchase. Energy Design will work with your accountant to articulate the distribution of MACRS and the impact it will have on your tax situation.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/solar-incentives?utility=bandon

Incentives availablefor solar projects within City of Bandon
Federal Investment Tax Credit
The residential 45D 30% tax credit will no longer be available after December 31, 2025.
For commercial federal tax credits, many curtailments were created by the oil industry’s paid politicians to now sunset the 30% federal tax credit for commercial entities. This program, which has greatly supported renewable energy adoption across the United States, will now go away on December 31, 2027.
To secure the solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC) for a 2026 project at 30%, you must begin construction by July 4, 2026, or place it in service by December 31, 2027 while utilizing equipment that best navigates the new Foreign Entity of Concern (FEOC) rules for the major components (inverters, solar modules and racking) and ensuring robust documentation for compliance. Early engagement with experienced tax counsel and our office team is critical for meeting these tight deadlines in order to secure the maximum tax credit amount available to you.
The credit amount will be available to you when you file your tax return for the year the installation is completed. If you cannot use the full tax credit that year, it can carry forward to subsequent years. We recommend contacting your tax professional to discuss how the FITC can impact your projected tax situation for a specific year.
Learn more about the federal rebate for homeowners and for businesses.
Accelerated depreciation
If you are considering a solar project for a business, an accelerated depreciation schedule (MACRS) may be applied to your solar electric system purchase. Energy Design will work with your accountant to articulate the distribution of MACRS and the impact it will have on your tax situation.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/solar-incentives?utility=crpud

Incentives availablefor solar projects within Columbia River PUD (CRPUD)
Federal Investment Tax Credit
The residential 45D 30% tax credit will no longer be available after December 31, 2025.
For commercial federal tax credits, many curtailments were created by the oil industry’s paid politicians to now sunset the 30% federal tax credit for commercial entities. This program, which has greatly supported renewable energy adoption across the United States, will now go away on December 31, 2027.
To secure the solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC) for a 2026 project at 30%, you must begin construction by July 4, 2026, or place it in service by December 31, 2027 while utilizing equipment that best navigates the new Foreign Entity of Concern (FEOC) rules for the major components (inverters, solar modules and racking) and ensuring robust documentation for compliance. Early engagement with experienced tax counsel and our office team is critical for meeting these tight deadlines in order to secure the maximum tax credit amount available to you.
The credit amount will be available to you when you file your tax return for the year the installation is completed. If you cannot use the full tax credit that year, it can carry forward to subsequent years. We recommend contacting your tax professional to discuss how the FITC can impact your projected tax situation for a specific year.
Learn more about the federal rebate for homeowners and for businesses.
Accelerated depreciation
If you are considering a solar project for a business, an accelerated depreciation schedule (MACRS) may be applied to your solar electric system purchase. Energy Design will work with your accountant to articulate the distribution of MACRS and the impact it will have on your tax situation.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/solar-incentives?utility=cpi

Incentives availablefor solar projects within Consumers Power (CPI)
Federal Investment Tax Credit
The residential 45D 30% tax credit will no longer be available after December 31, 2025.
For commercial federal tax credits, many curtailments were created by the oil industry’s paid politicians to now sunset the 30% federal tax credit for commercial entities. This program, which has greatly supported renewable energy adoption across the United States, will now go away on December 31, 2027.
To secure the solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC) for a 2026 project at 30%, you must begin construction by July 4, 2026, or place it in service by December 31, 2027 while utilizing equipment that best navigates the new Foreign Entity of Concern (FEOC) rules for the major components (inverters, solar modules and racking) and ensuring robust documentation for compliance. Early engagement with experienced tax counsel and our office team is critical for meeting these tight deadlines in order to secure the maximum tax credit amount available to you.
The credit amount will be available to you when you file your tax return for the year the installation is completed. If you cannot use the full tax credit that year, it can carry forward to subsequent years. We recommend contacting your tax professional to discuss how the FITC can impact your projected tax situation for a specific year.
Learn more about the federal rebate for homeowners and for businesses.
Accelerated depreciation
If you are considering a solar project for a business, an accelerated depreciation schedule (MACRS) may be applied to your solar electric system purchase. Energy Design will work with your accountant to articulate the distribution of MACRS and the impact it will have on your tax situation.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/solar-incentives?utility=ccec

Incentives availablefor solar projects within Coos-Curry Electric Cooperative (CCEC)
Federal Investment Tax Credit
The residential 45D 30% tax credit will no longer be available after December 31, 2025.
For commercial federal tax credits, many curtailments were created by the oil industry’s paid politicians to now sunset the 30% federal tax credit for commercial entities. This program, which has greatly supported renewable energy adoption across the United States, will now go away on December 31, 2027.
To secure the solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC) for a 2026 project at 30%, you must begin construction by July 4, 2026, or place it in service by December 31, 2027 while utilizing equipment that best navigates the new Foreign Entity of Concern (FEOC) rules for the major components (inverters, solar modules and racking) and ensuring robust documentation for compliance. Early engagement with experienced tax counsel and our office team is critical for meeting these tight deadlines in order to secure the maximum tax credit amount available to you.
The credit amount will be available to you when you file your tax return for the year the installation is completed. If you cannot use the full tax credit that year, it can carry forward to subsequent years. We recommend contacting your tax professional to discuss how the FITC can impact your projected tax situation for a specific year.
Learn more about the federal rebate for homeowners and for businesses.
Accelerated depreciation
If you are considering a solar project for a business, an accelerated depreciation schedule (MACRS) may be applied to your solar electric system purchase. Energy Design will work with your accountant to articulate the distribution of MACRS and the impact it will have on your tax situation.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://solarenergydesign.com/solar-incentives?utility=dec

Incentives availablefor solar projects within Douglas Electric Cooperative (DEC)
Federal Investment Tax Credit
The residential 45D 30% tax credit will no longer be available after December 31, 2025.
For commercial federal tax credits, many curtailments were created by the oil industry’s paid politicians to now sunset the 30% federal tax credit for commercial entities. This program, which has greatly supported renewable energy adoption across the United States, will now go away on December 31, 2027.
To secure the solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC) for a 2026 project at 30%, you must begin construction by July 4, 2026, or place it in service by December 31, 2027 while utilizing equipment that best navigates the new Foreign Entity of Concern (FEOC) rules for the major components (inverters, solar modules and racking) and ensuring robust documentation for compliance. Early engagement with experienced tax counsel and our office team is critical for meeting these tight deadlines in order to secure the maximum tax credit amount available to you.
The credit amount will be available to you when you file your tax return for the year the installation is completed. If you cannot use the full tax credit that year, it can carry forward to subsequent years. We recommend contacting your tax professional to discuss how the FITC can impact your projected tax situation for a specific year.
Learn more about the federal rebate for homeowners and for businesses.
Accelerated depreciation
If you are considering a solar project for a business, an accelerated depreciation schedule (MACRS) may be applied to your solar electric system purchase. Energy Design will work with your accountant to articulate the distribution of MACRS and the impact it will have on your tax situation.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------