ROOT: https://eh2.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:00:51.096827Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 24

================================================================================

URL: https://eh2.com/

A transformational approach
Electric Hydrogen's HYPRPlant enables up to 60% lower total installed costs to make projects economic today
The world’s most powerful advanced PEM stack enables ultra-low cost electrolysis
Fully integrated solution includes all required subsystems
Standard, pre-engineered design ships ready for assembly at project site
Minimal project-site integration de-risks project development
Our giga-scale approach
State-of-the-art
U.S. manufacturing
Massachusetts, U.S.
Learn more about manufacturing1.2 GW
per year manufacturing capacity
Electric Hydrogen’s U.S. gigafactory manufactures the world’s most powerful electrolyzer stacks at the core of HYPRPlant. The company’s team draws on decades of experience and proven manufacturing techniques from industries such as automotive, semiconductors and solar energy to meet the growing demand for reliable, cost-effective water electrolysis
Massachusetts, U.S.
Learn more about manufacturingMarket applications
Refineries
Clean hydrogen is a drop-in replacement for the fossil-based hydrogen used in refineries to purify crude oil and petroleum products to create the fuels that power our modern world
eFuels
Electrolytic hydrogen can be combined with carbon to create a variety of clean transport fuels such as sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) for airplanes and e-methanol for the shipping industry
Critical industry
Metals, chemicals, cement and other backbone industries can transition from fossil-based processes to clean hydrogen. Green steel can be produced using the direct reduction of iron with electrolytic hydrogen and renewables
Ammonia
Ammonia-based fertilizer is an essential part to how we feed the world today. Ammonia is also an energy-dense way to transport hydrogen across oceans to open up new markets for clean hydrogen
In the news
Visit our NewsroomElectric Hydrogen selected by Synergen Green Energy for 240 MW U.S. green ammonia project
DEVENS, MASS. – December 18, 2025 – Electric Hydrogen, U.S. manufacturer of advanced electrolyzer plants, today announced it has been selected by Synergen Green Energy Inc., a leading commercial-scale developer of green hydrogen and ammonia facilities, for its state-of-the-art advanced fuels ...
December 18, 2025
Read moreElectric Hydrogen Expands into Latin America to Accelerate Green Fertilizer and Industrial Decarbonization; Appoints General Manager, LATAM
São Paulo – December 3, 2025 – Electric Hydrogen, a global manufacturer of industrial-scale electrolyzer plants, today announced its expansion into Latin America with the appointment of Maria Gabriela da Rocha Oliveira as General Manager, LATAM. Based in Brazil, da Rocha Oliveira will lead ...
December 5, 2025
Read moreHIF Global selects Electric Hydrogen’s advanced electrolyzer technology for Texas e-Fuels project
HOUSTON, TX – September 16, 2025 – HIF Global, the world’s e-Fuels leader, announced today that it has selected Electric Hydrogen to supply its cutting-edge electrolyzer systems for HIF’s Texas e-Fuels facility. Meg Gentle, Executive Director of HIF Global, said, “The project will be one of the ...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/join-the-team/

Electric Hydrogen is where passionate changemakers find a home
Purpose
We bring together passionate innovators looking for a place to make their mark on our planet’s future
Growth
We foster connections that grow employees to help them achieve their full potential at the company
Impact
We empower teammates to drive unique value and challenge the status
Our Mission
Making molecules to decarbonize the world
Our Values
Get it done
Results matter and we empower teammates to take personal ownership of impact
Stronger together
We are for each other, embrace uniqueness and never lose alone
Be bold, be open
Speak your unapologetic truth, welcome challenges with an open mind and listen actively
PERKS AND BENEFITS
1
100% health insurance coverage
2
Pre-IPO stock options
3
Onsite lunches weekly
4
On-site gym
5
Employee resource groups
6
Formal development and mentorship programs
OUR HIRING PROCESS.
1
Apply Today
2
Recruiter Intro Call
3
Interviews with Hiring Manager and Teammates
4
Final Round Presentation and Interviews
5
Decision

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/company/

40%
of global greenhouse gas emissions come from heavy industry and infrastructure. The decarbonization of these critical industries like steel, fertilizer, shipping requires low-cost and abundant clean hydrogen, at price points and volumes not possible today
By manufacturing the most powerful electrolyzers on the market and integrating them into a standard package for large-scale project applications, Electric Hydrogen’s solution creates the path for critical industries to reduce carbon emissions in this decade. Clean hydrogen developers worldwide can transform their project economics and pave the way for our shared goal of cost parity with fossil fuels
Michael Leskinen
Chief Financial Officer,
United Airlines
“Scalable and cost competitive access to green hydrogen is key to the production of Sustainable Aviation Fuel – for United and others that seek a transition to clean energy. Electric Hydrogen’s novel electrolyzers have the potential to greatly reduce the capital cost of hydrogen production and their electrolyzers can be powered by a variety of renewable power sources”
Our team
Engineers, technologists, scientists united behind one mission
Electric Hydrogen’s team brings decades of experience scaling the solar, semiconductor and battery industries from nascency to maturity
Locations
Electric Hydrogen employs over 300 people in the Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe
San Francisco Bay Area, CA
Pioneer Plant in San Jose
Boston Area, MA
Gigafactory in Devens
West Texas
Fabrication Facility
Global Commercial
Local teams in Spain, Denmark, Germany, Belgium, Australia and Brasil

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/hyprplant/

Electric Hydrogen receives DNV validation after the respected independent engineering firm’s comprehensive assessment of the company’s HYPRPlant and advanced PEM technology – Read more
Reduce project costs by as much as 60%
Delivery to commissioning in under 6 months
Standard electrolysis plant with 75MW to 120MW capacity
The only complete plant
in the market
Open-air, fully integrated solution with all balance-of-plant included
Proven and proprietary PEM technology outputs multiples more hydrogen from the same set of materials
"In Electric Hydrogen, we have found a partner who enables our goals and vision to make Europe's energy supply secure, affordable and steadily greener."
Susanne Thöle, Director of
Hydrogen, Uniper
“Electric Hydrogen’s innovative technology and large-scale product enables AES to offer cost effective decarbonization solutions for our customers in the most difficult to decarbonize sectors.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/manufacturing/

Gigafactory
Proprietary electrolyzer stacks are manufactured and assembled at our Massachusetts gigafactory
High throughput production using proven frameworks from scaled industries
1.2GW annual capacity for electrolyzer manufacturing
Unique end-of-line testing of every full-sized stack
Plant fabrication and modularization
Offsite fabrication model minimizes construction time and risk while leveraging process module expertise in Texas
Rigorous quality practices are led by Electric Hydrogen’s local team and best-in-class fabrication partners
Skids are laser scanned with fit-up to eliminate risks in the field
Manufacturing model has the capacity to scale to gigawatts of plants per year
Swift, repeated and de-risked deployment model reduces timelines
Plant is entirely built on skids and factory-tested before shipment
All skids are road shippable via truck
Deploys over 3x faster than a stick-built plant

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/plants-at-work/

Customer
HYPRPlant
Texas HYPRPlant
Texas HYPRPlant
Texas
Our first 100 MW HYPRPlant has shipped to Infinium’s Project Roadrunner in Pecos, Texas. The landmark project is expected to produce 23,000 tonnes of eFuels per year and will be the world’s largest eFuels facility. Prior to shipment, the HYPRPlant skids were assembled, hydro-tested and completed a rigorous quality process at Electric Hydrogen’s partner skid fabrication shop in Texas. The HYPRPlant is currently in construction at the Roadrunner site.
Pioneer
Plant
Pioneer Plant
Pioneer Plant
California
The Pioneer plant runs the world’s most powerful PEM electrolyzer stack using Electric Hydrogen’s advanced proprietary technology, as validated by DNV. At one-tenth the size of Electric Hydrogen’s commercial HYPRPlant, Pioneer played a vital role in proving and de-risking the manufacturing, fabrication, field assembly and commissioning of HYPRPlant. Pioneer contains most of the exact same components as HYPRPlant such as the electrolyzers, power systems and process design. It was delivered, assembled and commissioned in under 5 months.
1MW
Electrolyzer
Plant
1MW Electrolyzer Plant
1MW Electrolyzer Plant
California
The 1MW Plant is the company’s first electrolyzer plant deployment and was instrumental in developing Electric Hydrogen’s plant-wide controls and safety design. It has been running since 2022.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/development/

Electric Hydrogen is actively developing a portfolio of in-house hydrogen projects in the US and internationally. Our dedicated team of experienced development experts and project financiers support customers looking to buy hydrogen gas or projects for eFuels, ammonia and heavy industry use cases
Complete project development from site feasibility to hydrogen derivatives production
Project finance partnerships
Decades of development, finance and technical expertise in renewables and clean molecules
A strong team that brings deep expertise from midstream energy, fuels, renewable and gas-fired power and investment banking
With experience in chemical plant and renewable project development, we are "pipes and wires" folks with both strategic insight and practical acumen. Our team has a solid track record, collectively developing and/or contracting 7 GW of renewable energy projects, 500 MMSCF of chemical processing facilities, and 200 MW of electrolyzer projects. We are actively developing approximately 15 projects across over 10 US states with a potential of over 600 TPD.
Core capabilities include:
- Project management
- Renewable power procurement
- Project finance
- Policy assessment
- Project engineering and development
- Asset management
- Operations
Opportunities for project financing
Electric Hydrogen has partnered with Generate Capital, a leading infrastructure investment and operating platform, to bring $400 million in hydrogen project finance solutions to customers. This first-of-a-kind partnership combines Electric Hydrogen’s industry leading electrolyzer technology and development capabilities with project financing, creating even more attractive offerings for partners and customers seeking a fully financed hydrogen project

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/governance-sustainability/

Supplier Code
of Conduct
Electric Hydrogen requires suppliers to act in accordance with leading labor, environmental, safety and ethical standards
Electric Hydrogen requires suppliers to act in accordance with leading labor, environmental, safety and ethical standards

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/model-your-project/

LCOH+®
Model your green hydrogen projects to optimize and understand your levelized cost of hydrogen (LCOH)
This comprehensive tool models LCOH with parameters like CapEx, O&M, electricity costs and availability. Available in both simplified and advanced versions to guide each project step

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/industry-insights/

PEM vs. Alkaline
It’s time to revisit common cost assumptions across modern electrolyzer technologies. Dive into some of the industry’s key market beliefs with a modern analysis based on real data that the Electric Hydrogen team has aggregated from discussions with developers of projects worldwide
Electric Hydrogen’s approach to the lowest levelized cost of firm hydrogen supply
Electric Hydrogen is bringing to market the next-generation of fully integrated and lower cost electrolysis plants to produce fossil-free hydrogen at the industrial scale. In this paper, we explain how the lower capex for EH2’s product translates to lowest levelized cost of hydrogen (LCOH)
Water electrolysis & hydrogen compression for industrial scale decarbonization
As green hydrogen projects rapidly scale, the integration of flexible compression solutions is key to matching the variable output of electrolyzers with the steady demands of downstream processes. Together with Neuman & Esser, we are shaping solutions that bridge the gap between dynamic renewable energy and industrial reliability. This article was originally published in the Global Hydrogen Review
Economic deep decarbonization: An OEM’s perspective on the fast-growing green H2 Market
We guide readers through the recent changes in the hydrogen market and how green hydrogen is establishing itself as a critical technology for decarbonization and the global energy transition
Electric Hydrogen’s mission to produce fossil-free hydrogen at fossil-parity
After a deep dive into low-carbon hydrogen technologies and markets at Breakthrough Energy Ventures, Dave Eaglesham – former Bell Labs device physicist and early CTO of First Solar – had only one goal in mind: to make the lowest cost renewable-based electrolytic hydrogen at a scale big enough to help industry decarbonize quickly

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/events/

Product
HYPRPlant
Manufacturing
Plants at Work
Development
About
Company
Governance & Sustainability
Resources
Model your Project
Industry Insights
Events
Media
Newsroom
Careers
Join the Mission
Internships &
Co-ops
Get in touch
Events
Discover upcoming
events and opportunities
to meet with Electric Hydrogen’s team

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/news/

Electric Hydrogen acquires Ambient Fuels; establishes global project financing capability with Generate Capital to expand co-development and financing solutions for customers
Electric Hydrogen receives $18.3M transferable DOE tax credit for its gigafactory in Massachusetts, bringing total Department of Energy support to $65M
U.S. Department of Energy awards Electric Hydrogen $46.3M grant for electrolyzer manufacturing under the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law’s Clean Electrolysis Program

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/internships/

Life at Electric Hydrogen Futures
PERKS AND BENEFITS
We take care of our students through
On-site gym
On-site weekly lunch
Paid sick days
Paid company holidays
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)
Site-specific social events
Three placement locations across the U.S.
locations
Natick, MA:
R&D Center
R&D Center
Devens, MA:
Gigafactory for advanced electrolyzer manufacturing
Gigafactory for advanced electrolyzer manufacturing
San Jose, CA:
10MW Operating Plant
10MW Operating Plant

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/hif-global-texas-efuels-project/

HIF Global selects Electric Hydrogen’s advanced electrolyzer technology for Texas e-Fuels project
HOUSTON, TX – September 16, 2025 – HIF Global, the world’s e-Fuels leader, announced today that it has selected Electric Hydrogen to supply its cutting-edge electrolyzer systems for HIF’s Texas e-Fuels facility.
Meg Gentle, Executive Director of HIF Global, said, “The project will be one of the world’s largest deployments of American-made electrolyzers, establishing a new benchmark for e-Methanol production at industrial scale, and driving U.S. energy leadership and economic development deep in the heart of Texas. HIF’s selection of Electric Hydrogen electrolyzers was made possible by the committed leadership of key senators establishing U.S. dominance in advanced energy markets.”
Electric Hydrogen’s high-power electrolyzers, engineered and manufactured in the United States, are pioneering the next generation of low-cost, high-performance hydrogen production and leveraging modularization to dramatically reduce costs and construction timelines. The electrochemical stacks, the heart of the system, are built in the company’s Devens, Massachusetts gigafactory, while the remainder of the equipment is built in Texas, reinforcing the strategic importance of U.S.-based manufacturing in the global energy supply chain.
Renato Pereira, CEO of HIF USA, said, “HIF is building the future of American energy—one that relies on U.S. technology, U.S. manufacturing, and U.S. workers. Electric Hydrogen brings American innovation and industrial-scale performance to our HIF Matagorda e-Fuels facility. Together, we’re showing that advanced fuels produced here in Texas are the most competitive worldwide, propelling the U.S. to the leadership position in low emission energy production.”
“Electric Hydrogen is proud to partner with HIF to deploy our advanced electrolyzer systems at unprecedented scale,” said Raffi Garabedian, CEO of Electric Hydrogen. “This is a defining moment for American leadership in breakthrough energy technology, a sector currently dominated by Chinese exports. It proves that U.S.-built solutions can meet the toughest performance and cost targets – at the scale needed to reindustrialize our country and lead global trade in new energies.”
About HIF Global
HIF Global is the world’s leading e-Fuels company developing large infrastructure projects to recycle CO2 and produce hydrogen-based fuels for existing cars, ships and planes. The name HIF represents the mission of the company: to provide Highly Innovative Fuels that advance global energy sustainability. HIF is producing e-Fuels today at its HIF Haru Oni e-Fuels facility in Chile and is developing commercial-scale e-Fuels facilities in United States, Uruguay, Chile, Brazil, and Australia. For more information, visit www.hifglobal.com.
About Electric Hydrogen
Electric Hydrogen builds the world’s most powerful electrolyzers—designed and manufactured in the United States—to deliver low-cost, high-volume hydrogen for use in critical industries that can’t decarbonize any other way. Electric Hydrogen’s systems are enabling American-made clean energy solutions that don’t compromise on scale, reliability, or national competitiveness. Electric Hydrogen has a team of over 300 employees and was founded in 2020. To learn more about how critical industries leverage Electric Hydrogen’s advanced proton exchange membrane (PEM) technology, visit www.eh2.com.
Press Contact:
V2 Communications for Electric Hydrogen
[email protected]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/electric-hydrogen-synergen-green-2025/

Electric Hydrogen selected by Synergen Green Energy for 240 MW U.S. green ammonia project
DEVENS, MASS. – December 18, 2025 – Electric Hydrogen, U.S. manufacturer of advanced electrolyzer plants, today announced it has been selected by Synergen Green Energy Inc., a leading commercial-scale developer of green hydrogen and ammonia facilities, for its state-of-the-art advanced fuels project in the United States.
Electric Hydrogen will support integration of two of its flagship 120 MW HYPRPlants as part of the front-end engineering and design (FEED) agreement for this project. Once constructed, the facility will be capable of producing approximately 210,000 tons per annum (TPA) of ammonia for maritime and industrial applications in Europe and Asia.
This is the third large-scale renewable hydrogen project in the US to select Electric Hydrogen’s advanced proton exchange membrane (PEM) technology. Electric Hydrogen is currently deploying its first 100 MW HYPRPlant at Infinium’s Project Roadrunner site in Pecos, Texas. The company has also been selected by HIF Global for its Texas-based e-fuels facility.
Electric Hydrogen’s innovative HYPRPlant technology, the most powerful, lowest-cost electrolzyer plant on the global market leverages proprietary PEM technology and renewable electricity to produce cost-competitive clean hydrogen at industrial scale. The entire hydrogen production plant is delivered on factory‑fabricated skids and assembled by local partners, helping customers reduce total installed costs by as much as 60%.
“Electric Hydrogen is redefining what’s possible for clean hydrogen production through its efficient electrolysis technology,” said Pranav Tanti, CEO of Synergen Green Energy. “Achieving total installed costs less than $1000/kW is crucial to our ability to produce green ammonia economically at scale. The unique approach that Electric Hydrogen brings to electrolyzer design and manufacturing aligns with Synergen’s own standardization and modular design philosophy. We look forward to building a strong and enduring collaboration with our partners at Electric Hydrogen.”
“Our HYPRPlant technology makes it possible for customers like Synergen Green Energy to produce radically low-cost hydrogen today,” said Raffi Garabedian, CEO of Electric Hydrogen. “This collaboration reflects our shared commitment to accelerating the energy transition and delivering scalable solutions to enable new advanced fuel economies in the US and globally.”
The project is expected to achieve reach final investment decision in 2026, and the facility is targeted to be operational at the end of 2028.
About Synergen Green Energy
Synergen Green Energy is a leading commercial-scale developer of state-of-the-art green hydrogen and ammonia facilities. Utilizing on its group’s 30+ years of extensive global experience in renewable energy, Synergen is developing a standardized and modularized approach to its entire portfolio of projects. Synergen aims to be a pioneer in bringing the most cost competitive green fuels to the market. We are advancing our portfolio of projects across the United States and India to supply cost-competitive clean fuels to global markets. Our mission is to accelerate the energy transition by making clean hydrogen and its derivatives accessible, and affordable for global end users. Synergen was founded in 2022 and is headquartered in Houston, TX. To learn more, please visit: www.synergengreen.com
About Electric Hydrogen
Electric Hydrogen manufactures, delivers and commissions the world’s most powerful electrolyzers to make clean hydrogen projects economically viable today. The company’s complete HYPRPlant includes all system components required to turn water and electricity into the lowest cost clean hydrogen. Electric Hydrogen has a team of more than 300 people in the United States and Europe. The company was founded in 2020 and is headquartered in Devens, Massachusetts. To learn more about how critical industries leverage Electric Hydrogen’s advanced PEM technology, visit https://eh2.com/
Press Contact
V2 Communications for Electric Hydrogen
[email protected]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/latam-expansion-2025/

Electric Hydrogen Expands into Latin America to Accelerate Green Fertilizer and Industrial Decarbonization; Appoints General Manager, LATAM
São Paulo – December 3, 2025 – Electric Hydrogen, a global manufacturer of industrial-scale electrolyzer plants, today announced its expansion into Latin America with the appointment of Maria Gabriela da Rocha Oliveira as General Manager, LATAM. Based in Brazil, da Rocha Oliveira will lead Electric Hydrogen’s commercial and partnership strategies across Brazil and the broader region.
Electric Hydrogen’s entry into the market comes at a pivotal time for the region, as Brazil is advancing ambitious strategies to reduce reliance on fossil fuels and strengthen its position in the global energy landscape. Da Rocha Oliveira will support customers with projects in Brazil and across Latin America.
Electric Hydrogen’s innovative HYPRPlant technology, the most powerful, lowest-cost electrolzyer plant on the global market leverages proprietary proton exchange membrane technology and renewable electricity to produce cost-competitive fossil-free hydrogen at industrial scale. The entire hydrogen production plant is shipped on factory-fabricated skids and assembled by local partners on an expedited schedule. This complete turnkey system is designed for rapid deployment at project sites around the world and has been selected for projects with diverse industrial partners such as Infinium, HIF Global, and Uniper. Electric Hydrogen is currently deploying its first 100MW HYPRPlant at Infinium’s Project Roadrunner site in Pecos, Texas.
This technology is uniquely suited to support Latin American markets, where green hydrogen projects are advancing at gigawatt scale. The company will partner with local project developers to accelerate domestic production of green fertilizer, e-fuels, and decarbonization of heavy industry.
“Latin America offers one of the most compelling economic cases for domestic green hydrogen production at industrial scale,” said Raffi Garabedian, Co-founder and CEO of Electric Hydrogen. “The combination of abundant renewable energy and heavy reliance on imported nitrogen fertilizer creates a clear opportunity for competitive domestic production. We look forward to creating pathways for the region to unlock this potential with Maria Gabriela’s deep expertise in the market.”
Da Rocha Oliveira brings more than 15 years of experience in renewable energy and industrial decarbonization, having previously led energy strategy and carbon initiatives in Brazil’s emerging green fertilizer industry and renewable generation for Shell in Latin America. Earlier in her career, she held roles at First Solar and Bloomberg New Energy Finance.
“Our mission is to make clean hydrogen economically viable at scale, and Latin America is ready to show what that future looks like,” said da Rocha Oliveira. “By combining Electric Hydrogen’s advanced technology with the region’s renewable resources, we can deliver cost-competitive green fuels to transform the market.”
About Electric Hydrogen
Electric Hydrogen manufactures, delivers and commissions the world’s most powerful electrolyzers to make clean hydrogen projects economically viable today. The company’s complete HYPRPlant includes all system components required to turn water and electricity into the lowest cost clean hydrogen. Electric Hydrogen has a team of more than 300 people in the United States, Europe, Australia and Latin America. The company was founded in 2020 and is headquartered in Devens, Massachusetts. To learn more about how critical industries leverage Electric Hydrogen’s advanced PEM technology, visit https://eh2.com/.
Press Contact
V2 Communications for Electric Hydrogen
[email protected]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/electric-hydrogen-receives-dnv-validation-hyprplant/

Electric Hydrogen receives DNV validation after the respected independent engineering firm’s comprehensive assessment of HYPRPlant
DEVENS, MASS — July 22, 2025 — Electric Hydrogen, global manufacturer of high-power electrolyzer plants, announced today that DNV, the independent energy expert and assurance provider, has completed its comprehensive technical due diligence on Electric Hydrogen’s HYPRPlant solution. DNV’s report commends Electric Hydrogen’s industry-leading advanced PEM technology performance and extensive testing capabilities to uncover unique failure modes. It also concludes that the HYPRPlant offering can be both highly reliable and “highly competitive” on cost and current commercial guarantees. Electric Hydrogen’s HYPRPlant is a fully integrated and prefabricated plant, powered by the company’s proprietary advanced PEM technology, and is offered in 3 variants: 75 MW, 100 MW and 120 MW.
DNV’s extensive review identified risks and assessed factors that may affect HYPRPlant’s performance and reliability in the field, and opined on Electric Hydrogen’s efforts to mitigate them. The review also assessed the company’s ability to deliver and service the plants. The report includes DNV’s detailed review of electrolyzer stack technology, plant design, performance, reliability, manufacturing, quality and the standard plant’s product warranty and commercial assurances for the core technology.
The assessment included an on-site witnessing and technology validation at Electric Hydrogen’s Pioneer demonstration plant in May of 2025 in San Jose, California, where the company tests its proprietary full-size commercial stack through rigorous cycling and extended duration tests over thousands of hours.
“The ability to deliver electrolytic hydrogen in such a power-dense and pre-engineered turnkey plant offering is a significant piece of the energy transition puzzle. Based on DNV’s benchmarking of electrolyzer OEM offerings, [Electric Hydrogen]’s offering is very competitive and unique in the market,” says Richard S. Barnes, Region President, Energy Systems North America at DNV.
“Building powerful electrolyzer plants at low-cost and large scale is the singular purpose of Electric Hydrogen,” explains Raffi Garabedian, CEO and Co-founder of the company. “We are honored that DNV, one of the most distinguished independent evaluation authorities, has validated and recognized our progress.”
Editors note: Highlights from the report will soon be available on the DNV website.
About DNV
DNV is an independent assurance and risk management provider, operating in more than 100 countries. Through its broad experience and deep expertise DNV advances safety and sustainable performance, sets industry standards, and inspires and invents solutions. DNV provides assurance to the entire energy value chain through its advisory, monitoring, verification, and certification services. As the world’s leading resource of independent energy experts and technical advisors, the assurance provider helps industries and governments to navigate the many complex, interrelated transitions taking place globally and regionally, in the energy industry. DNV is committed to realizing the goals of the Paris Agreement and supports customers to transition faster to a deeply decarbonized energy system. www.dnv.com.
About Electric Hydrogen
Electric Hydrogen manufactures, delivers and commissions the world’s most powerful electrolyzers to make clean hydrogen projects economically viable today. The company’s complete HYPRPlant solution, available between 75-120MW, includes all system components required to turn water and electricity into the lowest cost clean hydrogen using its proprietary advanced proton exchange membrane (PEM) technology. Electric Hydrogen has a team of more than 300 people in the United States and Europe. The company was founded in 2020 and is headquartered in Devens, Massachusetts. To learn more about how critical industries leverage Electric Hydrogen’s HYPRPlant to achieve their decarbonization and energy security objectives, visit https://eh2.com/.
Contact
V2 Communications for Electric Hydrogen

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/electric-hydrogen-partners-with-texas-based-titan-to-deliver-modularized-manufacturing-for-electrolyzer-plants/

Electric Hydrogen partners with Texas-based Titan to deliver modularized manufacturing for electrolyzer plants
Columbus, TX – March 6, 2025—Electric Hydrogen, global manufacturer of high-power electrolyzer plants, announced its strategic partnership with Titan, a Texas-based leader in process equipment manufacturing, for the fabrication and assembly of its 100 megawatt (MW) electrolyzer plant product. This partnership underscores Electric Hydrogen’s commitment to support U.S. industrial competitiveness and development of a skilled, local workforce in the hydrogen industry.
At Titan’s facility in Columbus, Texas, fabrication and assembly of Electric Hydrogen’s first commercial 100MW Plant—a solution that enables up to 60% lower total installed costs for electrolytic hydrogen—is complete. The partnership with Titan illustrates how growth in the hydrogen industry creates opportunities for expansion of energy businesses and jobs in Texas. To build Electric Hydrogen’s electrolyzer process skids, Titan deployed the same expertise and workers that it would have deployed to build traditional oil and gas infrastructure. This 100MW Plant project, which will support more than 300 good-paying jobs in the State, signals the beginning of a growing hydrogen industry in Texas.
“By combining Electric Hydrogen’s proprietary advanced technology with Titan’s world-class process equipment fabrication expertise and facilities, we are able to deliver a superior electrolyzer solution at half the cost of others in the market,” said Raffi Garabedian, Electric Hydrogen’s CEO and Co-founder.
To ensure reliable and rapid deployment, Electric Hydrogen’s fully-integrated 100MW Plant is pre-assembled and pre-tested before shipment to the customer site. This unique fabrication model leverages Titan’s excellence in high-volume chemical equipment production and rigorous quality practices.
“Our team’s deep expertise and commitment to scalability through standardized processes are closely aligned with Electric Hydrogen’s modular product offering and we are thrilled to be bringing the 100MW Plant to customers to grow America’s hydrogen economy,” said Titan CEO Chris Werner.
To learn more about Electric Hydrogen’s 100MW Plant, visit https://eh2.com/.
About Electric Hydrogen
Electric Hydrogen manufactures, delivers and commissions the world’s most powerful electrolyzers to make clean hydrogen projects economically viable today. The company’s complete 100 megawatt (MW) Plant includes all system components required to turn water and electricity into the lowest cost clean hydrogen. Electric Hydrogen has a team of more than 300 people in the United States and Europe. The company was founded in 2020 and is headquartered in Devens, Massachusetts. To learn more about how critical industries leverage Electric Hydrogen’s advanced proton exchange membrane (PEM) technology, visit https://eh2.com/.
About Titan
Titan Production Equipment (“Titan”) is a market leader in the design, engineering and manufacturing of Specialty Engineer-to-Order complex Separation and Processing & Treating equipment used in traditional oil & gas applications, as well as manufacturing a variety of clean energy products, including green hydrogen, sulfur recovery and carbon capture technologies. Titan Production Equipment has 365,000 square feet of manufacturing space in Columbus, Texas and has grown from an initial 42 employees in 2018 to a peak of 350 people in 2024. Titan is owned by a private equity fund controlled and managed by New York private equity firm Castle Harlan, Inc. (“Castle Harlan”). For more information about Titan, visit www.titanpeq.com.
Media Contact
V2 Communications for Electric Hydrogen
[email protected]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Supplier-Code-of-Conduct-February-2025-1.pdf

Supplier Code of Conduct 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Supplier Code of Conduct 
 
Version 1.1 
Effective date: February 1, 2025 
 

Supplier Code of Conduct 
 May 1, 2024 
1. Background 
1.1. Compliance with law and supplier requirements. Electric Hydrogen’s suppliers 
must operate in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, while providing safe 
and responsible business practices. Electric Hydrogen requires all suppliers, and sub-
suppliers, to conduct themselves in such a way that reflects Electric Hydrogen’s Supplier 
Code of Conduct. 
2. Labor and Human Rights 
2.1. Anti-discrimination and anti-harassment. Supplier shall not discriminate against 
any worker based on age, ethnicity, gender, disability, or any other status protected by 
applicable national or local law. Supplier shall actively support a workplace free of 
harassment and abuse, and ensure that workers have an effective mechanism to report 
grievances without fear of reliation. 
2.2. Wages and working hours. Supplier shall provide workers with adequate pay and 
benefits that meet or exceed any minimum wage requirements or other applicable laws. 
Supplier shall follow all applicable laws and regulations with respect to working hours and 
days of rest, and all overtime must be voluntary. 
2.3. Prevention of forced and child labor. Supplier shall ensure that all work is voluntary 
and does not use child labor. Supplier shall not use or permit any form of forced, bonded, 
indentured, or coerced/involuntary labor. Supplier shall not employ workers who are 
below the applicable minimum legal age for employment, or below the applicable age for 
completion of compulsory education, whichever is greatest. 
2.4. Freedom of association and collective bargaining. Supplier shall permit workers to 
freely associate and join, or abstain from, any organization of their choice, and bargain 
collectively, without retaliation, coercion, or harassment. 
Electric Hydrogen manufactures, delivers and commissions the world’s most powerful 
electrolyzers for critical industries to produce the lowest cost green hydrogen. The 
company’s complete solution includes all system components required to turn water 
and electricity into green hydrogen, including power conversion, gas processing, water 
treatment and thermal management. Electric Hydrogen exists to help critical industries 
advance their climate objectives by making green hydrogen an economic inevitability. 
We count on our suppliers to help us fulfill our mission and deliver quality products 
to our customers, while adhering to rigorous labor, environmental, safety, and 
ethical standards. 

Supplier Code of Conduct 
 May 1, 2024 
3. Environmental Responsibility 
3.1. Environmental permits and reporting. Supplier shall obtain, keep current, and abide 
by all required environmental permits and reporting requirements as applicable. 
3.2. Hazardous and restricted substance management. Supplier shall identify and 
actively manage any hazardous chemicals and restricted substances that pose a hazard to 
the environment or human health. Such substances shall be securely documented, 
managed, and disposed of by Supplier in accordance with applicable laws. 
3.3. Water and wastewater management. Supplier shall monitor water sources, use, and 
discharge, seeking opportunities to conserve water and control water contamination. All 
wastewater and stormwater shall be tracked and managed in such a way that complies 
with applicable laws and standards. 
3.4. Air emissions management. Supplier shall actively manage and work to minimize the 
air emissions produced by its operations which pose a hazard to the environment or 
human health. All air emissions shall be tracked and managed in such a way that complies 
with applicable laws and standards. 
3.5. Solid waste management. Supplier shall implement a systematic approach to 
identify, manage, reduce, and responsibly dispose of or recycle solid waste. All solid waste 
(hazardous and non-hazardous) shall be tracked and managed in such a way that complies 
with applicable laws and standards. 
3.6. Resource and energy efficiency. Supplier shall actively manage and work to minimize 
the energy and resource consumption of its operations. Supplier shall set targets, 
document, and seek to reduce consumption of all substances or natural resources in such 
a way as to improve energy efficiency and reduce environmental impacts, including 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
4. Health and Safety 
4.1. Occupational health and safety. Supplier shall comply with all applicable 
occupational health and safety laws and regulations, and provide workers with safe and 
sanitary working environments. Supplier shall manage all occupational health and safety 
hazards via monitoring, communication, training of workers, engineering controls, 
personal protective equipment, and any other method that reduces or eliminates risk to 
Workers. 
4.2. Emergency preparedness and response. Supplier shall identify and plan for potential 
emergencies. For each identified potential emergency, Supplier shall prepare workers to 

Supplier Code of Conduct 
 May 1, 2024 
respond quickly and appropriately in such a way that minimizes bodily injury, 
environmental impact, and property damage. 
4.3. Incident management. Supplier shall maintain a system by which workers can report 
health and safety incidents, as well as near-misses. Supplier shall make best efforts to use 
such reports to improve its health and safety practices. 
5. Ethics 
5.1. Anti-bribery and anti-corruption. Supplier shall comply with all applicable anti-
bribery and anti-corruption laws, including but not limited to relevant acts such as the U.S. 
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA). Supplier shall uphold standards of fair competition 
and disclose conflicts of interest. Suppliers must not offer or accept any gift or anything 
else of value to obtain improper advantages. 
5.2. Trade and sanctions. Supplier shall comply with all applicable trade laws and 
regulations, including sanctions and embargoes. 
5.3. Responsible sourcing, anti-money laundering, and countering the financing of 
terrorism. Suppliers shall exercise due diligence to track and monitor human rights and 
associated environmental risks linked to the extraction, transport, and use of raw 
materials. Supplier shall comply with the legal regulations concerning the prevention of 
money laundering. Supplier shall comply with laws concerning trade in conflict minerals 
and other natural resources, to avoid directly or indirectly contributing to the funding of 
armed groups. 
5.4. Protection of intellectual property, data privacy, and security. Supplier shall 
protect all, including Electric Hydrogen’s and its clients’ , intellectual property, private data, 
and sensitive information. Supplier shall immediately report and seek to mitigate the 
impact of any failed protection of the above. 
5.5. Management Systems. Supplier shall adopt or establish a management system to 
carry out all above responsibilities. The management system will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations, conform to the responsibilities set out in the Supplier 
Code of Conduct, actively identify risks and opportunities for improvement, and document 
performance relating to the expectations set out in this Code. 
 

Supplier Code of Conduct 
 May 1, 2024 
Index 
 
Background Specification 
Compliance with law 1.1 
Supplier and sub-
supplier requirements 1.1 
Labor and Human 
Rights Specification 
Anti-discrimination 2.1 
Anti-harassment 2.1 
Non-retaliation 2.1 
Wages 2.2 
Working hours 2.2 
Forced labor 2.3 
Child labor 2.3 
Freedom of association 2.4 
Collective bargaining 2.4 
Environmental 
Responsibility Specification 
Permits and reporting 3.1 
Hazardous substances 3.2 
Water 3.3 
Wastewater 3.3 
Stormwater 3.3 
Air emissions 3.4 
Solid waste 3.5 
Resource and energy 
efficiency 3.6 
Greenhouse gas 
management 3.6 
Health and Safety Specification 
Occupational health 4.1 
Industrial hygiene 4.1 
Health & safety 
communication 4.1 
Working conditions 4.1 
Emergency response 
and preparedness 4.2 
Incidents 4.3 
Ethics Specification 
Anti-bribery and anti-
corruption (FCPA) 5.1 
Conflicts of interest 5.1 
Gifts 5.1 
Fair competition 5.1 
Trade and sanctions 5.2 
Anti-money laundering 5.3 
Countering the 
financing of terrorism 5.3 
Responsible sourcing of 
materials 5.3 
Protecting Intellectual 
Property 5.3 
Privacy 5.4 
Data security 5.4 
Reporting 5.5 
Management systems 5.5 
 
Contact: 
1.617.546.5710 
info@eh2.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/EH2-Code-of-Business-Conduct-February-2025.pdf

Code of Business Conduct 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code of Business Conduct 
 
Version 1.1 
Effective date: February 1, 2025 
 

Code of Business Conduct 
February 1, 2025 
1. Our Mission 
Making molecules to decarbonize our world. 
2. Our Values 
 
Get It Done: 
Results matter and we empower 
teammates to take personal ownership of 
impact 
Be Bold, Be Open: 
Speak your truth unapologetically, 
welcome challenge with an open mind 
and listen actively 
Stronger Together: 
We are for each other, embrace 
uniqueness and never lose alone 
3. Our Commitment 
The success and reputation of Electric Hydrogen (“Company”) are built upon the 
principles of fair dealing and the ethical conduct of our employees. Our reputation 
for integrity and excellence requires careful observance of the spirit and letter of all 
applicable local, state, and federal laws and regulations, as well as a scrupulous regard 
for the highest standards of conduct and personal integrity. We expect all employees to 
act in accordance with all internal policies and applicable laws and regulations, and to 
refrain from any illegal, dishonest, or unethical conduct. Employees should use good 
judgment based on high ethical principles to guide them with respect to acceptable 
conduct. If a situation arises where it is difficult to determine the proper course of 
action, employees should discuss the matter with their manager and/or a member of 
the People Team. It is the responsibility of every employee to comply with this policy. 
Disregarding or failing to comply with our standards of business ethics and code of 
conduct may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of 
employment. This Code of Business Conduct affirms our commitment to high 
ethical standards and business conduct. 

Code of Business Conduct 
February 1, 2025 
4. Code of Business Conduct (“Code”) 
4.1. Purpose. The purpose of the Code is to describe Electric Hydrogen’s values, what 
kind of behavior we expect from our employees, and what behavior our business partners 
can expect from Electric Hydrogen. 
4.2. Responsibilities. As an employee of the Company, you are personally responsible 
for following the Code and exercising good judgment. You need to familiarize yourself with 
the Code and if you are unsure about how to handle an ethical dilemma, ask your manager 
or a member of the People Team for advice. 
5. Compliance with Laws and Regulations 
5.1. Compliance with law. Electric Hydrogen is committed to operating in accordance 
with all applicable laws and regulations, while providing safe and responsible business 
practices. All employees are responsible for acting ethically and in compliance with all 
Company policies, and applicable laws and regulations. We also require our suppliers and 
sub-suppliers to conduct themselves ethically and in accordance with our Supplier Code 
of Conduct. 
6. Working Respectfully 
6.1. Anti-discrimination. Electric Hydrogen is an equal 
opportunity employer. In accordance with applicable law, we prohibit 
discrimination against any applicant or employee based on any legally 
Protected Characteristics, including, but not limited to: race, color, 
religion, sex (including pregnancy, lactation, childbirth or related 
medical conditions), sexual orientation, age (40 and over), national 
origin or ancestry, citizenship or immigration status, physical or 
mental disability, genetic information (including testing and 
characteristics), veteran status, uniformed servicemember status or 
any other status protected by federal, state or local law (collectively, 
“Protected Characteristics”). Our commitment to equal opportunity 
employment applies to all persons involved in our operations and 
prohibits unlawful discrimination by any employee, including 
supervisors and co-workers. 
6.2. Anti-harassment; Anti-Bullying. The Company shall actively support a workplace 
free of harassment and abuse and ensure that workers have an effective mechanism to 
report grievances without fear of retaliation. The Company maintains a strict policy 
prohibiting sexual harassment and harassment against applicants and employees based 
on any Protected Characteristic. The Company does not tolerate bullying behavior, 
including cyberbullying, by its employees. Employees who engage in workplace bullying 
may be disciplined, up to and including termination of employment. 


Code of Business Conduct 
February 1, 2025 
6.3. Work-related violence prevention. The Company is committed to providing a 
workplace free from violence. All threats of (or actual) violence, both direct and indirect, 
should be reported as soon as possible pursuant to the Workplace Violence Prevention 
Plan. 
6.4. Freedom of association and collective bargaining. Employees are permitted to 
freely associate and join, or abstain from, any organization of their choice, and bargain 
collectively, without retaliation, coercion, or harassment. 
6.5. Prevention of forced and child labor. The Company shall not use or permit any 
form of forced, bonded, indentured, or coerced/involuntary labor. The Company shall not 
use child labor or employ workers who are below the applicable minimum legal age for 
employment, or below the applicable age for completion of compulsory education, 
whichever is greatest. 
6.6. Wages and working hours. The Company shall provide workers with adequate pay 
and benefits that meet or exceed any minimum wage requirements or other applicable 
laws. The Company shall follow all applicable laws and regulations with respect to working 
hours and days of rest. 
7. Environmental Responsibility 
7.1. Environmental permits and reporting. The Company and employees shall obtain, 
keep current, and abide by all required environmental permits and reporting requirements 
as applicable. 
7.2. Hazardous and restricted substance 
management. The Company and employees shall 
identify and actively manage any hazardous chemicals 
and restricted substances that pose a hazard to the 
environment or human health. Such substances shall be 
securely documented, managed, and disposed of in 
accordance with applicable laws. 
7.3. Water and wastewater management. The 
Company and employees shall monitor water sources, 
use, and discharge, seeking opportunities to conserve 
water and control water contamination. All wastewater and stormwater shall be tracked 
and managed in such a way that complies with applicable laws and standards. 
7.4. Air emissions management. The Company and employees shall actively manage 
and work to minimize the air emissions produced by its operations which pose a hazard to 
the environment or human health. All air emissions shall be tracked and managed in such 
a way that complies with applicable laws and standards. 
7.5. Solid waste management. The Company and employes shall implement a 
systematic approach to identify, manage, reduce, and responsibly dispose of or recycle 
solid waste. All solid waste (hazardous and non-hazardous) shall be tracked and managed 
in such a way that complies with applicable laws and standards. 


Code of Business Conduct 
February 1, 2025 
7.6. Resource and energy efficiency. Employees shall actively manage and work to 
minimize the Company’s energy and resource consumption. The Company shall set 
targets, document, and seek to reduce consumption of all substances or natural resources 
in such a way as to improve energy efficiency and reduce environmental impacts, including 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
8. Health and Safety 
8.1. Occupational health and safety. The Company shall 
comply with all applicable occupational health and safety 
laws and regulations and provide workers with safe and 
sanitary working environments. The Company shall manage 
all occupational health and safety hazards via monitoring, 
communication, training of workers, engineering controls, personal protective equipment, 
and any other method that reduces or eliminates risk to Workers. Employees shall comply 
with all applicable occupational health and safety training, policies, laws and regulations. 
8.2. Emergency preparedness and response. The Company shall identify and plan for 
potential emergencies. For each identified potential emergency, the Company shall 
prepare workers to respond quickly and appropriately in such a way that minimizes bodily 
injury, environmental impact, and property damage. Employees shall follow all emergency 
preparedness and response procedures. 
8.3. Incident management. The Company maintains a system by which workers can 
report health and safety incidents, as well as near misses. In the event of any job-related 
injury, employees should report the incident to the Environmental Safety and Health Team 
or a manager as soon as possible. 
8.4. Drug and alcohol use. The Company has adopted a policy that requires employees 
to remain free from the influence of illegal drugs, abused or nonprescribed prescription 
drugs, and alcohol while engaged in work activities. 
9. Business Ethics 
9.1. Anti-bribery and anti-corruption. The Company shall comply with all applicable 
anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including but not limited to relevant acts such as the 
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and employees shall comply with the Company’s 
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy. 
9.2. Fair competition; Conflicts of interest. Employees shall uphold standards of fair 
competition and disclose any conflicts of interest. 
9.3. Gifts and hospitality. Employees shall not offer or accept any gift or anything else 
of value to obtain improper advantages. 
9.4. Trade restrictions, sanctions, and import/export control. The Company and 
employees shall comply with all applicable trade laws and regulations, including sanctions 
and embargoes. 


Code of Business Conduct 
February 1, 2025 
9.5. Responsible sourcing, anti-money laundering, and countering the financing of 
terrorism. The Company shall exercise due diligence to track and monitor human rights 
and associated environmental risks linked to the extraction, transport, and use of raw 
materials. The Company shall comply with the legal regulations concerning the prevention 
of money laundering. The Company shall comply with laws concerning trade in conflict 
minerals and other natural resources, to avoid directly or indirectly contributing to the 
funding of armed groups. Employees shall comply with the Company’s Anti-Money 
Laundering Policy. 
9.6. Protection of intellectual property, data privacy, and security. Employees shall 
protect all, including Electric Hydrogen’s and its clients’ , intellectual property, private data, 
and sensitive information. Employees shall comply with the Company’s Confidentiality 
Policy and shall immediately report and seek to mitigate the impact of any failed protection 
of the above. 
9.7. Generative AI. Employees shall comply with the Company’s Policy for Use of 
Generative AI. 
9.8. Keeping accurate records. Records must be accurate, complete, and reflect the 
Company’s business transactions. Employees must enter them in a timely fashion. 
10. Reporting and Anti-Retaliation 
10.1. We encourage a speak up culture. 
Electric Hydrogen is committed to an 
environment where open, honest 
communications are the expectation, not the 
exception. We want all employees to feel 
comfortable in approaching their supervisor, 
management, or People Team in instances 
where you believe violations of policies or 
standards have occurred. 
10.2. No retaliation. We do not tolerate any 
retaliatory behavior against those who ask 
questions, report concerns or cooperate in any 
investigation in good faith. “Good faith” means 
you believe the information you are providing is 
truthful and accurate. Anyone who engages in 
retaliatory behavior will be subject to 
disciplinary action, up to and including 
termination of employment. 
How to Raise Questions and Concerns 
Employees can submit their good faith 
questions or concerns about conduct they 
believe may violate our Code, our policies or 
the laws and regulations under which we do 
business to: 
• Their supervisor or manager 
• A member of the People Team 
• Our Chief Legal Officer 
• Any member of executive 
management 
• Our Company’s Ethics Hotline 
+1-339-232-0628 
(anonymous and confidential) 

Code of Business Conduct 
February 1, 2025 
 
How to Report an EHS Incident 
• Natick: 617-447-4288 
• Devens: 508-340-3421 
• California: 714-725-2295 
• Safety Events, Near Misses, and 
Injury/Illness Reports 
Additional Resources 
• Anti-bribery and corruption policy 
• Anti-money laundering policy 
• Confidentiality policy 
• Employee handbook 
• Environmental health & safety (EHS) 
standards, procedures and guidelines 
• Generative AI policy 
• Lone worker policy 
• Safe ride home program 
• Security surveillance policy 
• Transaction review and approval policy 
• Travel and expense policy 
• Workplace violence prevention plan 


Code of Business Conduct 
February 1, 2025 
Index 
Compliance with 
Laws and Regulations Specification 
Compliance with law 5.1 
Employee and supplier 
requirements 5.1 
Working Respectfully Specification 
Anti-discrimination 6.1 
Anti-harassment 6.2 
Anti-bullying 6.2 
Work-related violence 
prevention 6.3 
Freedom of association 6.4 
Collective bargaining 6.4 
Forced labor 6.5 
Child labor 6.5 
Wages 6.6 
Working hours 6.6 
Environmental 
Responsibility Specification 
Permits and reporting 7.1 
Hazardous substances 7.2 
Water 7.3 
Wastewater 7.3 
Stormwater 7.3 
Air emissions 7.4 
Solid waste 7.5 
Resource and energy 
efficiency 7.6 
Greenhouse gas 7.6 
Health and Safety Specification 
Occupational health 8.1 
Industrial hygiene 8.1 
Health and safety 
communication 8.1 
Working conditions 8.1 
Emergency response and 
preparedness 8.2 
Incident management 8.3 
Drugs and alcohol use 8.3 
Business Ethics Specification 
Anti-bribery and anti-
corruption (FCPA) 9.1 
Fair competition 9.2 
Conflicts of interest 9.2 
Gifts and hospitality 9.3 
Trade restrictions and 
sanctions 9.4 
Import/export control 9.4 
Anti-money laundering 9.5 
Countering the financing 
of terrorism 9.5 
Responsible sourcing of 
materials 9.5 
Protecting intellectual 
property 9.6 
Data privacy and security 9.6 
Generative AI 9.7 
Record keeping 9.8 
Reporting and 
Anti-retaliation Specification 
Reporting 10.1 
No retaliation 10.2 
 
Contact: 
1.617.546.5710 
info@eh2.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/2024-Sustainability-Report-May-2025.pdf

Electric Hydrogen
Sustainability Report
2024
May 2025

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Message from the CEO
Resource Efficient Manufacturing
03
06
About Electric Hydrogen
Circular Business Models
Environmental Benefits of Clean Hydrogen
05
08
07
Environmental Sustainability09
Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Energy, Water and Waste10
Environmental Certification
Management of Substances
14
13
Social Responsibility16
Working at Electric Hydrogen17
Health and Safety
Equal Opportunity
23
19
Supply Chain Management15
Governance24
Materiality Assessment26
Key Performance Indicators27
04 2024 Highlights
Demographics21

“I think our biggest role,
and our greatest leverage
of influence is by showing
and saying what we think is
really possible.”
MESSAGE FROM OUR CEO
Welcome to our second corporate sustainability report. 
Our 2023 report was focused on the building of our 
company’s infrastructure, and we began utilizing that 
infrastructure in 2024 to scale and validate our 
technology. In the first half of 2024, we officially opened 
our advanced electrolyzer gigafactory in Devens, 
Massachusetts and began stack testing at our 10MW 
plant in San Jose, California. By the end of 2024, we 
manufactured and tested multi-MW electrolyzer stacks at 
those same facilities. 
In 2024, we also began evaluating the environmental 
impacts of our advanced PEM electrolyzer plants, which 
indicate a two-fold reduction in embodied carbon 
compared to reference PEM plants, and the potential for 
another two-fold improvement as we continue to scale 
our high-volume manufacturing. Considering product 
circularity, we found that about half or more of these 
impacts can be mitigated with recycling.
Overall, 2024 was a challenging year for the hydrogen 
industry, as growth expectations met with market 
realities, but it also saw the emergence of hydrogen 
applications such as sustainable aviation fuel (e-SAF). 
With respect to these challenges and opportunities, our 
objectives remain as important as ever - to deliver fully 
integrated HYPRPlants to produce cost-competitive 
electrolytic hydrogen at industrial scale. 
We hope you enjoy learning about Electric Hydrogen’s
 sustainability practices.
Raffi Garabedian
Chief Executive Officer
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 3

Making molecules to decarbonize our world
Safety
0.83 Total
Recordable Injury
Rate (per 200,000
hours)
Gigafactory
Commissioning and
production of multi-MW
stacks 
Emissions
2-4x lower embodied carbon than
conventional PEM, and energy
payback time of 3 months or less
Pioneer Plant
Testing and validation of
multi-MW stacks
2024 HIGHLIGHTS
Scaling and validating our technology
4Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024


Electric Hydrogen manufactures, installs, and commissions the world’s most powerful
electrolyzers to supply critical industries with the lowest cost clean hydrogen. The
company’s fully integrated 100MW Plant includes all system components required to
turn water and electricity into clean hydrogen, including power conversion, gas
processing, water treatment and thermal management. Electric Hydrogen’s advanced
proton exchange membrane (PEM) technology helps customers reach their climate
objectives by making clean hydrogen an economic inevitability. Electric Hydrogen was
founded in 2020 and has a team of over 300 employees with operations in California
and Massachusetts. Electric Hydrogen is backed by over $600M in capital from financial
and strategic investors, including Breakthrough Energy Ventures, Temasek, Oman
Investment Authority, Amazon, BP, Fortescue, Microsoft, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries,
Rio Tinto and United Airlines.
ABOUT ELECTRIC HYDROGEN
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024
Electric Hydrogen is located on both coasts of the United States with its
R&D Facility in Natick, Massachusetts, its manufacturing facility in
Devens, Massachusetts, and an operating plant in San Jose, California
and San Carlos, California. Our Massachusetts Gigafactory will be one of
the largest PEM electrolyzer factories in the world when it fully ramps to
its 1.2 GW/yr capacity.
5


Resource efficiency enables lower cost electrolysis through
more efficient use of materials
Electric Hydrogen was founded with a mission to supply clean hydrogen technology
to hard-to-abate critical industries such as ammonia, steel, and chemicals, by
redesigning water electrolysis plants from the ground up. Our 100MW Plant
transforms project economics through its innovative advancements in powerful
PEM technology and fully integrated plant-as-a-product approach, enabling lower
total project costs than the competition. The plant-as-a-product saves costs across
material use, plant footprint and installation labor. Coupled with our proprietary
electrolyzer technology advancements, which enable the production of multiple
times more hydrogen from the same sized stack, these allow for deployment at an
industry defining scale to critical industries. Along with circularity, these commercial
offerings support a comprehensive sustainability strategy of maximizing resource
efficiency in electrolyzer manufacturing, transportation, and installation. Improved
materials utilization enables eco-efficiency by reducing environmental impact while
improving cost performance.
RESOURCE EFFICIENT
MANUFACTURING
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024
>10 metric tons
per megawatt
Alkaline
electrolyzer
<0.5 metric tons
per megawatt
Advanced PEM
electrolyzer
Material Intensity
6


Clean hydrogen can play a significant role in abating greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions,
our generation’s greatest challenge. Hard-to-abate sectors including refining, ammonia
production, methanol production, and steel manufacturing cannot be fully mitigated by
electrification alone. 
These sectors consume about 95 million tons of hydrogen per year [
CATF]. Most of this
hydrogen is produced from fossil fuels with average emissions of 12 to 13 tons of CO2 -
equivalent per ton of hydrogen produced in 2021 [
IEA Hydrogen Definitions].
Affordable clean hydrogen at industrial scale is the primary solution for these
emissions sources, providing the opportunity to eliminate approximately one billion
tons of annual CO2 emissions. At Electric Hydrogen, we are targeting heavy industry to
drive giga-scale decarbonization.
ENVIRONMENTAL BENEFITS OF
CLEAN HYDROGEN
Current hydrogen consumption by hard-to-abate industry
Reference: 
Clean Air Task Force: Hydrogen for Decarbonization: A Realistic Assessment
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 7

Electric Hydrogen’s fully integrated 100 MW plant includes all system components
required to turn water and electricity into clean hydrogen, including power conversion,
gas processing, water treatment and thermal management. At the heart of the system
is the electrolyzer stack, where electric current is passed through an electrolyte to
produce hydrogen.
We are developing a stack recovery program to enable circularity by ensuring efficient
recovery of valuable metals and minimizing waste entering landfills. Our stacks are
designed for rapid-line assembly and disassembly using the same tools and processes.
Our plants can be easily decommissioned at end-of-life due to their modular design,
and a trailer truck or freight train can transport the disassembled components for
recycling or refurbishment. We strategically designed this process to minimize cost and
emissions associated with decommissioning. 
Stacks contain high-value materials such as metal alloys, membranes, and catalysts
which can be separated and recovered. We are working to develop recycling processes
that recover these materials and allow reuse of off-specification components and spent
stacks in the manufacturing processes. 
CIRCULAR BUSINESS MODELS
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 8

In 2024, we began assessing the environmental impacts of our products on a life cycle
basis. Cradle-to-grave life cycle assessment of our advanced PEM electrolyzer plant
indicates an approximate two-fold reduction in carbon footprint compared to a
reference PEM plant evaluated by 
Argonne National Laboratory (ANL). When powered
with renewable electricity with 50% capacity factor and used to displace conventional
hydrogen production with steam methane reforming (SMR), our advanced PEM
electrolyzer plant has an energy payback time (EPBT) of about 3 months or less. EPBT
is the time it takes for the plant to deliver more energy than was required to produce
the plant. For both carbon footprint and EPBT, we expect a further two-fold
improvement as we move to high-volume manufacturing. About half of the carbon
footprint can be mitigated by end-of-life recycling of metals in the stack and balance
of plant. 
ENVIRONMENTAL
SUSTAINABILITY
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 9
In addition to producing low carbon products, Electric Hydrogen is committed to low
impact operations. We utilize renewable electricity tariffs at our R&D facilities in
Natick, MA, San Carlos, CA, and San Jose, CA. We tracked energy, greenhouse gas
emissions, water, waste and in 2024. These metrics will be most useful for continuous
improvement when they are normalized by unit of production. In future years, when
Electric Hydrogen begins product delivery to customers, the environmental metrics
will be normalized by megawatts (MW) of production, allowing for a baseline to be
established and targets to be set.

The chart below shows direct (Scope 1) and indirect (Scope 2) emissions of all facilities
within Electric Hydrogen’s operational control boundary. In 2024, Electric Hydrogen’s
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions were 2,892 metric tons CO2-eq, mostly related to Scope
1 stationary combustion from diesel generators for protoplant testing in California and
Scope 2 purchased electricity in our Massachusetts Gigafactory. Scope 2 emissions in
our other facilities are largely mitigated by renewable electricity tariffs available
through our electric utilities.
The second chart below shows indirect (Scope 3) emissions from Electric Hydrogen’s
supply chain of 18,223 metric tons CO2-eq. Scope 3 emissions are largely from
Category 1 (purchased goods and services; 49%), due mainly to metal components in
the bill of materials for electrolyzer systems. In addition, Category 2 (capital goods)
accounts for 36% of Scope 3 emissions due to the ramping of Electric Hydrogen’s
testing and manufacturing facilities and associated equipment. 
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS,
ENERGY, WATER AND WASTE
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 10

Electric Hydrogen’s 2024 energy usage consisted primarily of manufacturing and R&D
electricity usage, diesel generator usage for stack testing, and natural gas for heating.
At the end of 2024, Electric Hydrogen’s 1 MW protoplant test facility in San Carlos, CA
was relocated to our larger test facility in San Jose, CA, which eliminates the need for
diesel generator usage.
Electric Hydrogen’s 2024 water withdrawal was mainly for R&D and testing, though the
proportion of water usage at the Gigafactory is expected to increase in future years as
the factory ramps to full capacity. In addition to withdrawal, water is the feedstock for
water electrolysis and is consumed at a stoichiometric rate of 9 L per kilogram of H2
produced during electrolyzer testing. Due to recirculated water systems, water usage
is otherwise minimized. Aside from electrolytic consumption, another main use is in
water purification prior to electrolysis. Reverse osmosis/deionized water (RODI)
systems produce wastewater during the water purification process, and periodically
require make-up water. The RODI systems in electrolyzer testing are a main source of
wastewater, along with industrial discharge of spent passivation water in
manufacturing.
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 11
Smaller GHG emissions related to landfilled waste, business air travel, and employee
commuting account for the remaining 9% of Scope 3 emissions in 2024. Our resource-
efficient design strategy also lowers Scope 3 supply chain emissions associated with
raw material sourcing and transportation.

The graph below shows Electric Hydrogen’s absolute waste produced in metric tons
with breakdown by type. Waste consists primarily of municipal solid waste, with
approximately 40% diverted to recycling. Electric Hydrogen is committed to waste
diversion in manufacturing as part of continuous improvement initiatives under its
planned ISO 14001 certification for its Devens, MA Gigafactory. 
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 12

Electric Hydrogen takes a life cycle approach for managing fluoropolymer materials in
electrolysis. We follow best practices across the product life cycle, including partnering
with fluoropolymer producers on fluorosurfactant emissions control and replacement;
recycling unused catalyst and fluoropolymer materials in manufacturing; using
recirculated water systems with performance monitoring during electrolyzer operation;
and ensuring takeback and recycling of end-of-life electrolyzer stacks.
From a risk-management perspective, fluoropolymers are non-toxic and non-
biovailable and therefore present low hazard, and their use in electrolyzers as durable,
non-consumer products, presents low exposure potential. Along with low risk, because
electrolysis is an essential decarbonization tool and there are no durable alternatives to
fluoropolymer materials, there is evidence for excluding or exempting fluoropolymers
in electrolyzers from PFAS regulation. For example, the State of Maine’s PFAS legislation
(
LD 1537) exempts non-consumer electronics from product restrictions, the State of
New Mexico’s PFAS legislation (HB 212) excludes fluoropolymers from scope, PFAS risk
management under the Canadian Environmental Protection Act excludes
fluoropolymers from scope, and the European Chemical Agency is considering
alternative restriction options for electrolyzers. 
MANAGEMENT OF
SUBSTANCES
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 13

We are working on certifying our Devens, MA Gigafactory to ISO 14001 for
environmental management. As part of the certification process, Electric Hydrogen is
committed to continuous improvement with the following environmental objectives: 
We have a goal to minimize our waste generation profile. All our sites currently
maintain very small quantity waste generations status, as defined by U.S. EPA. We have
initiated a waste diversion initiative to demonstrate continuous improvement under the
ISO 14001 framework, where material flows are tracked through our pilot stack
production line. By quantifying inputs, outputs, and waste streams by production tool,
we will be able to identify opportunities for waste minimization and reclaim raw
materials for for reuse. As our product matures and new materials are considered for
use, end-of-life reclamation and reuse are key to our environmental performance.
Continual education to prevent environmental pollution,
preserve natural resources and improve the EMS.
ENVIRONMENTAL
CERTIFICATION
Exploration of new materials, methods with smaller
environmental footprints and improvement of hazardous waste
management.
Following environmental procedures to decrease environmental
pollution and prevent degradation and damage to the
environment.
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024
Activities arising from the organization are in the spirit of
environmental improvement
14


The key inputs for manufacturing our electrolyzer stacks are electric power, high-purity
water, metal alloys, catalysts, and membranes. Through relationships with key
suppliers, we ensure access to critical inputs for production. We also continue to
prioritize domestic suppliers of raw materials and components of our electrolyzer stack
production. 
The electrolyzer systems produced by Electric Hydrogen will build resilience of
domestic supply chains by providing scalable and flexible access to hydrogen as a
commodity and facilitate progress towards a net-zero economy. Today, only 1% of the
10 million metric tons (MMT) of annual hydrogen production in the United States is
produced by electrolysis. The 
U.S. National Clean Hydrogen Strategy and Roadmap
suggests the volume of clean hydrogen needed will increase to annual amounts of 10
MMT by 2030, 20 MMT by 2040, and 50 MMT by 2050. This would contribute 100,000
new U.S. jobs by 2030.
The market is reacting by increasing the availability of components, including some
developed specifically for hydrogen applications. The most accessible and inexpensive
electrolyzers available are alkaline systems, originating in China. Our advanced PEM
electrolyzers stacks are produced in the United States and offer a competitive
advantage in cost, power, and efficiency. We are committed to continued development
of the domestic supply chain and knowledge base that will contribute to the
competitiveness of domestic electrolyzers. 
Several aspects of the technology are well-suited for U.S. manufacturing. Our high-
value components and power density ensure a competitive advantage to
manufacturing in the United States. The unique intermittent stack operation in our PEM
electrolyzer is key to increasing the U.S. market share as it accommodates variable
electrical input, which the alkaline electrolyzer does not.
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT
In addition to domestic sourcing and competitiveness, Electric Hydrogen is committed to
responsible sourcing with respect to labor, environment, safety, and ethical standards,
as described in our 
Supplier Code of Conduct. Electric Hydrogen’s supplier agreements
require compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and all new suppliers undergo
screening against U.S. and international restricted party lists and indices.
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 15


Electric Hydrogen is a company of mission-driven thinkers working together at the
forefront of the energy transition. Our values reflect a commitment to results,
collaboration, and innovation. The company encourages flexibility and teamwork in
order to cultivate a collaborative and healthy work environment that, together, can
push the boundaries of our industry.
01. Get It Done
Results matter and we empower teammates to take personal ownership of impact
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
02. Be Bold, Be Open
Speak your truth unapologetically, welcome challenge with an open mind and listen
actively
03. Stronger Together
We are for each other, embrace uniqueness and never lose alone
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024
Our Values
16

01. Our People Strategy
Electric Hydrogen’s people strategy focuses on building a
workplace that is balanced and inviting to passionate do-ers
looking for a place to make their mark by solving climate
change.
WORKING AT 
ELECTRIC HYDROGEN
02. Respect and Safety in the Workplace
The company is committed to providing a workplace that is free
of harassment and discrimination and does not tolerate
workplace harassment or discrimination. Additionally, the
company has an Open Door Policy where open, honest
communications are the expectations, not the exception. We
want all employees to feel comfortable in approaching their
supervisor or People Team in instances where they believe
violations of policies or standards have occurred.
03. Communication and Teamwork
We believe that open communication is essential to a
successful workplace. Each month, the executive team,
including the CEO, CTO, CFO, and CPO, lead a company-wide
meeting where they update the entire company on business
progress, challenges, and goals. This meeting gives employees
the opportunity to ask questions and address concerns, as well
as ensure their focus is aligned with the company’s.
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 17


04. Onboarding and Continuous Support
Developing an innovative technology in an emerging industry
involves a steep learning curve for new employees, and also
presents an opportunity for upskilling and training. New
employees participate in an onboarding curriculum which
consists of modules on our company, mission and values,
internal systems, engineering, safety, communication styles and
career management. In addition they receive support from their
manager regarding team protocols, communication, goals etc.
In lieu of a formal annual performance review process, we
encourage and provide the tools that support ongoing, regular
feedback conversations between employees and their
supervisors.
05. Workforce Composition
As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 343 full-time
equivalent employees, an increase of 49 or approximately 17%
from the previous year. Approximately 35% of our associates
work in our Gigafactory in Devens, MA, and the remainder of
our associates are in research and development, sales and
marketing, and administrative positions in other locations.
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 18


We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We want to cultivate a community
that provides unique perspectives to difficult problems and attracts future talent. To
that end, we are committed to making career opportunities accessible to everyone.
Each year, we conduct pay analysis for people performing similar work and at the same
level with similar experience, at each geographic location.
Our hiring practices are designed to ensure that all candidates have an equal
opportunity to contribute to our mission. Different perspectives are not only welcomed
but are essential to our success in developing innovative technology for a sustainable
future.
We continuously learn about the market, our business, our talent’s needs, and how
best to achieve our People goals in thoughtful and data-driven ways. 
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024
Employee resource groups
We have established employee resource groups (ERGs) at
Electric Hydrogen. ERGs are sponsored by executive team
members and support the recruitment and professional
development of our employees.
19


02. Latin American ERG
The Latin American ERG’s vision is that Latin Americans and allies can come
together, regardless of their different backgrounds and nationalities, to
combine their hearts and minds to raise awareness and cultural
understanding, grow together as professionals, give back to our
communities, and celebrate the experience.
Goals of the Latin American ERG:
Build a supportive and uplifting environment
Professional development
Safe space for our community
Community outreach
Fun “in familia”
01. Women’s ERG
Women@EH2’s mission is to connect, develop, and support members to
reach their potential at Electric Hydrogen and to empower women in our
industry. 
Goals of the Women’s ERG:
Connection: Form a community where members feel valued, safe, and
empowered.
Development: Provide opportunities for professional development.
Outreach: Connect with and give back to the community of girls in
STEM.
Support: Support efforts to retain and bring in more women to EH2.
03. PRIDE ERG
The purpose and mission of the PRIDE ERG at Electric Hydrogen is to foster
a supportive work environment that champions equality and respect for all
employees. We strive to create a psychologically- and physically-safe space
where LGBTQ+ individuals and allies can connect, share experiences, and
promote respect and understanding across the organization.
Goals of the PRIDE ERG:
Connection
Career development
Outreach
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 20

Female Male
Asian Black
Hispanic
White Other
Not Collected
Total
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
DEMOGRAPHICS
The following depict Electric Hydrogen’s demographics as of December 31, 2024:
All Employees
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024
21

Female C-Suite Female Sr Management (VP+)
Male C-Suite Male Sr Management (VP+)
Asian Hispanic White Other Not Collected Total
0
2
4
6
8
10
Executives
Female Male
Asian Black
Hispanic
White Other
Not Collected
Total
0
2
4
6
8
10
Board of Directors
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024
22

Electric Hydrogen is a “Zero Harm” organization. Whereas part of our overall mission to
create clean energy solutions we ensure that our operations and equipment cause no
harm to people and the environment. We achieve this through risk assessment
programs, encouraging employee participation in risk management, using control of
work tools, learning, and sharing experience, and keeping our commitment to safety
excellence.
Electric Hydrogen uses Safety Stratus to manage an enterprise-wide risk register of all
hazards identified through HAZOP (Hazard and Operability Studies), LOPA (Layers of
Protection Analysis), Risk Assessments, JSA/JHA (Job Safety/Hazard Analysis), and work
observation programs which generate key review metrics to drive continual
improvement. In 2024, our total recordable injury rate (TRIR per 200,000 hours) was
0.83, with 3 recordable injuries. As defined under OSHA, an injury is considered
recordable if it requires medical attention beyond first aid. Electric Hydrogen’s safety
data includes all of the company’s manufacturing, R&D, and testing facilities in the U.S.
We had no high-consequence work-related injuries in 2024. 
Electric Hydrogen employees receive an initial site safety orientation during onboarding,
as well as mandatory health and safety training, and training courses specific to their job
requirements. Safety metrics are reviewed company-wide on a monthly basis at all-hands
meetings, and are a core metric in corporate goal-setting.
HEALTH AND SAFETY
2024 Health and Safety Summary
Documented Learning Opportunities: 576
Hazard Recognition Ticket Submissions: 128
Near Miss Reports: 110
Total Incident Reports: 31
OSHA Recordable Injuries: 3 
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 23


The success and reputation of Electric Hydrogen are built upon the principles of fair
dealing and ethical conduct. We are committed to complying with applicable local,
state, and federal laws and regulations, as well as to the highest standards of ethics
and personal integrity.
Our Chief People Officer and Chief Legal Officer oversee our ethics and compliance
programs. Electric Hydrogen has an existing mechanism for reporting any misconduct
or policy violations via various channels, including our Ethics Hotline (+1-339-232-0628).
Any Electric Hydrogen employee or stakeholder can report concerns to the Ethics
Hotline, anonymously, confidentially, and free of retaliation.
Electric Hydrogen’s Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy requires all employees to
conduct business in a fair, open, and honest manner and in full compliance with
applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws. These policies are part of both Electric
Hydrogen’s Code of Business Conduct and Electric Hydrogen’s Supplier Code of
Conduct. Our Chief Legal Officer oversees compliance with our anti-corruption policy. 
Electric Hydrogen is committed to complying with data privacy and protection laws
applicable to our business. Electric Hydrogen’s Electronic Resources and Information
Security Policy sets out standards for the proper use and protection of electronic
resources and the information we maintain. Our Director of Information Technology
oversees compliance with our data privacy and security policy. 
GOVERNANCE
Electric Hydrogen’s Code of Business Conduct demonstrates our
commitment to these principles and guides the company’s business
conduct. 
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 24


Additional Resources
Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption policy
Anti-money laundering policy
Confidentiality policy
Employee handbook
Environmental health & safety (EHS) standards, procedures and
guidelines
Generative AI policy
Lone worker policy
Safe ride home program
Security surveillance policy
Transaction review and approval policy
Travel and expense policy
Workplace violence prevention plan
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024
25


As part of our materiality assessment process, we shortlisted material topics for our
business and sector using a prioritization matrix. The prioritization criteria were
stakeholder interest and business impact.Stakeholder interest refers to topics that are
of importance to key stakeholders, identified through conversations with executive
leadership, employees, customers, investors, suppliers and community. These are
mapped against their impact on Electric Hydrogen’s business operations.The
shortlisted topics are shown in green for near-term prioritization. They include
environmental topics such as carbon footprint, end-of-life management, and
technology and innovation, which is also central to Electric Hydrogen’s mission. Social
topics include health and safety, employee engagement, and community impact.
Governance topics include management systems, business ethics, and data security.
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 26

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
METRIC UNITS 2023 VALUE 2024 VALUE GRI REFERENCE
Greenhouse gas emissions
Scope 1 emissions metric tons CO2-eq 369 1,779 305-1
Scope 2 emissions (market-based) metric tons CO2-eq 220 1,113 305-2
Scope 2 emissions (location-based) metric tons CO2-eq 691 2,425 305-2
Scope 3 emissions metric tons CO2-eq 17,725 18,223 305.3
Purchased renewable energy certificates megawatt hours (MWh) 1077.1 0 305.5
Purchased offsets metric tons CO2-eq 1345 0 305-5
Air quality
Volatile organic compounds metric tons CO2-eq 0 0 305-7
Energy
Diesel consumption megawatt hours (MWh) 125            5,244 302-1
Natural gas consumption megawatt hours (MWh) 1852            2,084 302-1
Total fuel consumption megawatt hours (MWh) 1977            7,328 302-1
Electricity consumption megawatt hours (MWh) 2892          10,823 302-1
Total energy consumption megawatt hours (MWh) 4869          18,151 302-1
Water
Total water withdrawal megaliters 19.1 24.9 303-3
Waste
Disposed nonhazardous waste metric tons 258 290 306-5
Disposed hazardous waste metric tons 4 7 306-5
Recycled nonhazardous waste metric tons 190 201 306-4
Total waste metric tons 452 498 306-3
Occupational health and safety
Total recordable injury rate Incidents per 200,000
hours 0 0.83 403-9
High-consequence work-related injuries number 0 0 403-9
Fatalities number 0 0 403-9
Demographics
Male workforce percentage 71% 72% 405-1
Female workforce percentage 29% 27% 405-1
Male senior management percentage 72% 74% 405-1
Female senior management percentage 28% 26% 405-1
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024
27

Contact
1.617.546.5710
info@eh2.com
THANK YOU
Electric Hydrogen | Sustainability Report 2024 28

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/Final_PEM_vs_Alkaline_December_2024_Whitepaper.pdf

PEM vs. Alkaline 
Re-examining market perceptions of electrolyzer 
technologies in an evolving landscape 
Prepared by Electric Hydrogen 
December 2024 

 
Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Introduction 
Given significant advances in the electrolyzer industry, it is time to re -examine fundamental 
market perceptions about electrolyzer technologies and their hydrogen production costs. Project 
developers are making technology decisions today for hundreds of gigawatts of expected 
electrolysis deployments by 2030 [1]. In support of this critical decision-making period, this paper 
will revisit common industry perceptions and comment on their validity. The paper is grounded in 
Electric Hydrogen’s learnings from discussions with developers of large-scale green hydrogen 
projects worldwide. 
 
 
 
 

 
Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 3 
Statement #1: PEM plants are too expensive, alkaline is much cheaper 
Verdict: It depends. The answer is no longer as simple as choosing between different technology 
types because of rapid advancements in proton exchange membrane (PEM) technology as well as 
the emergence of several ‘hidden’ project costs in the deployment of alkaline electrolyzer 
technology. Buyers need to evaluate each electrolysis Original Equipment Manufacturer’s (OEM) 
technology and product offering and deployment costs holistically as both PEM and alkaline 
technologies are evolving and supplier offers vary in scope and value. 
Electric Hydrogen’s commercial analytics team used capital cost benchmarks from real green 
hydrogen projects to calculate total installed costs. The analysis found that the average total 
installed cost (TIC) of standard electrolysis plants are $2 ,300/kW and $2,550/kW for European & 
North American alkaline and PEM electrolyzer plants respectively for non Chinese -made 
electrolyzers. For Chinese -made alkaline electrolyzers deployed in these same regions, t otal 
installed costs are about $1,900/kW. 
Total installed project costs shown in Figure 1 below reflect a fully installed and commissioned 
electrolyzer plant. This scope encompasses all project requirements from the medium voltage AC 
power input to the project output of 30 bar gaseous green hydrogen. Costs shown include all 
development, engineering, equipment, site works and construction costs for the plant. 
 
Figure 1: 2025 project total installed cost comparison for various technologies using capital cost benchmarks 
As seen in Figure 1, the cost of alkaline projects are higher than the headline price of the 
equipment alone would suggest. Despite announced alkaline prices around $300/kW or lower, 
there are hidden costs that add to the overall expense of implementing alkaline electrolysis 
systems. Two critical hidden cost areas are: 
• Lower stack pressure for most alkaline OEMs – Atmospheric hydrogen output requires 
adding a compressor to feed into any application that requires higher pressure, such as 
refining, ammonia or SAF . Compressor costs add an estimated $100 - $300 /kW to bring 
atmospheric H2 up to a pressure of 30 bar. 


 
Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 4 
• Higher shipping costs – As shown in Table 1, Alkaline electrolyzers can weigh 30,000 - 
90,000 kg when skidded and are as large as railcars so shipping costs and transit times 
are high. 
Table 1: Aggregated reporting of electrolyzer stack weight / MW 
OEM Stack / Capacity (MWe) Technology and 
Pressure 
Mass reported Metric 
tonne / 
MWe 
Source 
NEL A485 / 2.2 MW Atm. Alk 71.4 (*) 32.5 (*) NEL document 0000-
ENG-EL-15620 Rev A 
(retrieved June 2024) 
Link 
John Cockerill DQ 1000 / 5 MW 30 barg Alk 58 (*) 11.6 (*) John Cockerill DQ 
1000 spec sheet. 
Retrieved June 2024. 
Link 
HydrogenPro 5.5 MW 15 barg Alk 90 (*)(**) 16.4 (*) From HydrogenPro 
delivered stack 
image. Retrieved June 
2024. Link 
Siemens Energy Elyzer P-300 / 0.73 MW Atm. PEM 2.1 (wet) 2.9 (wet) Siemens Energy, 
OAPEC Symposium 
Session 2. July 2021. 
Retrieved June 2024. 
Link 
Plug Power Allagash / 1MW 40 barg PEM 1.7 (*) 1.7 (*) WBUR Article July 
2022 (link) 
Electric Hydrogen Undisclosed 30 barg advanced 
PEM 
Undisclosed 0.3 (dry) Electric Hydrogen 
* Unclear if reported value is for dry or wet stack ** includes skid 
Electric Hydrogen’s technology is at least 40% lower in total installed costs (TIC) than the 
average large-scale alkaline plant and 60% lower than large-scale North American & European 
PEM technology plants. Electric Hydrogen’s 100MW complete solution uses its proprietary high-
power PEM electrolyzers that are co-
optimized with the Balance-of-Plant (BOP) in a 
standardized design. By offering a complete 
plant solution, Electric Hydrogen is able to 
capitalize on the plant cost reductions 
enabled by its high-current density 
electrolyzer technology. Integration costs are 
sizeable when a developer uses any other 
electrolyzer technology because their EPC is 
designing a custom, one-of-a-kind and first-
of-a-kind solution around a partial offering. 
Electric Hydrogen is further able to reduce 
total installed cost through its design once, 
built many or “plant-as-a-product” approach. 
 
More on the Electric Hydrogen approach 
The 40-60% advantage in total installed costs can be broken down 
into these sources: 
a. Innovations in electrolysis to produce a low-cost stack - ~40% 
of advantage 
b. Associated BOP reduction from electrolysis technology - The 
same innovations yield dramatic reductions in quantities of 
equipment, piping, wire and concrete throughout the project - 
~25% of advantage 
c. Standardization – Reduction in engineering, procurement and 
integration, as well as plant design optimization - ~30% 
d. Modularization of the plant onto skids for construction in 
factory and fast and certain deployment at the project site – 5% 

 
Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 5 
Statement #2: Alkaline is more efficient than PEM 
Verdict: Not true. Nearly all PEM and Alkaline efficiencies are within the same range if compared 
on the same basis. Efficiency numbers on specification sheets are not readily comparable 
because each OEM’s scope of supply and output product vary greatly. Efficiency figures must also 
be reported at full load to be comparable. Some OEMs only provide partial load efficiency figures 
when operating at turndown in order to suggest better efficiency. In alkaline, more manipulation 
occurs, as BNEF reports that Chinese manufacturers provide efficiency numbers that only 
account for some of the expected losses, leading to overestimation of efficiency numbers by 10-
20% [5,6]. 
Electrolyzer efficiency is best measured and compared on a plant-wide basis, taking into account: 
(1) comprehensive stack efficiencies, (2) transformers and rectifiers losses, (3) bus bars and wiring 
losses (4) the load of all other balance of plant components like pumps, cooling fans and controls, 
(5) hydrogen losses. 
As the electrolysis industry lacks standardization in reporting plant-level efficiencies, Electric 
Hydrogen has conducted a market analysis of the total plant efficiency of major OEMs by 
aggregating data from over 50 publicly available spec sheets, brochures, presentations and 
project press releases with OEMs (where information on plant power capacity and expected H2 
production are reported) to provide a comprehensive view on system efficiencies (Figure 1). 
Outliers and projects that include liquefaction ar e not included (liquefaction adds about 10 -12 
kWh/kg). A reference hydrogen pressure of 30 bar is assumed – electrolyzers that produce 
atmospheric H2 incur an additional 2 kWh/kg of energy use associated with compression ( here 
using a multistage isentropic compression model validated using H2 compression supplier data). 
Several OEMs, mostly Alkaline but also some PEM provider s like Siemens, require compression 
from atmospheric to 30 bar. 
 
Figure 2: Total plant and stack efficiencies of PEM and Alkaline OEM's. Data is compiled based on an internal market review of over 50 publicly 
available sources. 


 
Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 6 
When developers are quoted an efficiency value by an OEM, it is not always clear what losses are 
included. Figure 2 shows the differences between estimated plant efficiencies (black triangles) 
and reported stack efficiencies (yellow diamonds) from different electrolysis equipment 
manufacturers’ spec sheets. Often, developers are quoted with stack efficiencies (~50 kWh/kg) 
which are significantly lower than total plant efficiencies. O ur analys is finds that based on 
announced project press, the total plant efficienc ies to get to 30 bar hydrogen for alkaline and 
most PEM technologies realistically falls in the 56 to 60 kWh/kg range. This demonstrates how 
plant-wide efficiency is reliant on the EPC’s integration and optimization of BOP loads, making up 
10-20% of the efficiency losses . In contrast, Electric Hydrogen’s high -pressure electrolyzers 
directly output 30 bar and its 100 MW Plant has been designed in an integrated fashion to minimize 
the BOP loads so whole plant efficiency is 54 kWh/kg at full load. By comparing the wide range of 
plant efficiencies in both alkaline and PEM, statement #2 can be debunked. 
 
Statement #3: Alkaline is easier and lower cost to service – PEM 
requires more work and capital 
Verdict: Yes , alkaline is “easier” if you are only looking from the perspective of full stack 
replacements but the actual costs require a more nuanced investigation. 
While Alkaline stacks arguably last up to 10 years, the turnaround event to replace the highly 
caustic electrolyte is recommended by the US DOE to be yearly [2]. This differs from the 
misperception that Alkaline doesn’t need servicing for the first 10 years of operation. For a 
representative 100 MW plant, the primary OpEx costs associated with Alkaline electrolyte 
replacement include (1) the electrolyte costs, (2) transportation of 120,000 kg of dry KOH, (3) 
neutralization and disposal of electrolyte, (4) labor cost of maintenance technician, as well as the 
cost of plant downtime. Related OpEx are estimated around $175,000/year, according to Electric 
Hydrogen’s bottom-up cost build.1 
Moreover, additional capital investment in the balance of plant equipment is required for alkaline 
plants – storage tanks for make-up electrolyte, spill containment required for hazardous material 
and a scrubber to protect downstream equipment. 
With PEM, because the stack and its electrolyte are replaced at the same time , the servicing is 
much simpler but happens every 5-10 years, depending on how the electrolyzers are operated. For 
a 1MW stack, similar to what Plug Power and Siemens have on the market, a 100MW plant will 
require changeouts of anywhere between 100 -130 stacks with each having several 
interconnections to re-commission. This leads to long and complex turnaround periods. 
 
 
1 Assumptions include 100 MW plant with 1 KOH replacement per year, 128 metric tons of KOH/plant, 500 miles of 
ground transportation, and $1600 per truck per trip. 

 
Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 7 
In comparison, Electric Hydrogen’s 100MW Plant only has a dozen stacks for a similarly sized 
plant because of its high-power proprietary PEM technology. Moreover, the entire plant layout 
and electrolyzer enclosures are designed for quick stack changeouts that can be completed 
within a shift. This reduces complexity and avoids lengthy outages for turnarounds. The high 
power density stacks are so compact and relatively light that they are easily transportable using 
fork lifts and don’t require the cranes needed for 30,000- 90,000 kg stacks (see table 1). 
 
Bringing it all back to LCOH 
The levelized cost of hydrogen (LCOH) is the number that tells the true story of where the 
comparison will net out . Electric Hydrogen has taken the TICs and electrical efficiencies 
discussed in this paper to model unsubsidized LCOHs by technology profile f or a 100MW plant, 
using its comprehensive EH2-LCOH+® tool. 
 
 
Figure 3: LCOH comparison on a 100MW electrolyzer plant over various project cases (see Appendix for full modeling assumptions) 
 
Conventional PEM is in the $7-11/kg range, while European and North American alkaline is in the 
$6-9/kg range. LCOH using Electric Hydrogen’s complete plant solution is $4-6/kg, which moves 
the industry a massive step closer to cost-competitiveness with gray hydrogen . The higher the 
capacity factor, which usually means higher availability of clean electrons, the less of an impact 
the total installed costs have per unit of hydrogen produced due to the improved utilization of the 
capital investment. Nevertheless, even when modeling nearly 24-7 operations, alkaline has a 16% 


 
Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 8 
To learn more about Electric Hydrogen’s complete solution 100MW 
electrolyzer plant, get in touch at sales@eh2.com 
advantage over conventional PEM while Electric Hydrogen PEM retains a 2 3% advantage over 
alkaline. We believe the Electric Hydrogen difference can turn an uneconomic project into an 
economic one today, by opening up more competitive offtake opportunities. 
With improvements to technology and system design being brought to market by electrolysis 
manufacturers like Electric Hydrogen while more projects are advancing into FEED and 
construction, it is important to note that the paradigm between Alkaline and PEM electrolyzer 
technology has changed. Technology choice must be re-examined as new possibilities emerge in 
order to achieve the lowest possible cost of hydrogen. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 9 
References 
[1] Global Hydrogen Review, International Energy Agency (IEA). October 2024 (link). 
[2] Advanced Liquid Alkaline Water Electrolysis Experts Meeting, US Department of Energy. January 2022. 
(link) 
[3] State-of-the-art and future targets – Renewable Hydrogen production ] Annex 2 - Clean Hydrogen Joint 
Undertaking (25 February 2022): Strategic Research and Innovation Agenda 2021 – 2027 (link). 
[4] World’s largest green hydrogen project 'has major problems due to its Chinese electrolysers, 
Bloomberg energy finance (BNEF). December 2023. 
[5] “Buying a Chinese Electrolyser? Triple-Check Its Efficiency” , Bloomberg energy finance (BNEF). 
October 24th 2024. 
[6] “Chinese hydrogen electrolyser makers are exaggerating their stacks’ efficiencies by 10-20%: BNEF” , 
Hydrogen Insight article. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 10 
Appendix 
Figure 3 technology assumptions in Levelized Cost of Hydrogen (LCOH) calculations are below: 
Variable (unit) Conventional PEM 
plant 
Alkaline 
plant 
Electric 
Hydrogen 
Stack replacement cost (% of TIC) 20% 15% 20% 
CapEx $/kW 3,000 2,100 1,175 
Fixed O&M ($/kW-year) 45 54 [3] 45 
Electrolyzer minimum turndown to (% of load) 10% 30% [4] 15% 
Plant efficiency (from reports above) 58 58 54 
 
Figure 3 power prices in Levelized Cost of Hydrogen (LCOH) calculations are below: 
Capacity Factor Power price Model 
Source: 
“Behind the Meter” Low Capacity Factor (30%) 40 $/MWh PEM, Alk, 
EH2 
“Blended Renewables” Medium Capacity Factor (50%) 45 $/MWh PEM, Alk, 
EH2 
“Renewables with a Clean, Cheap Grid” High Capacity Factor (80%) 55 $/MWh PEM, Alk, 
EH2 
“Firm Cheap, 24/7 Power” Near 100% Capacity Factor 45 $/MWh PEM, Alk, 
EH2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 11

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/EH2_Product__LCOH_Whitepaper_202402.pdf

Electric Hydrogen’s Approach and its 
Implication on The Levelized Cost of Firm 
Hydrogen Supply 
Prepared by Electric Hydrogen 
January 2024 

EH2 Whitepaper 
2 
January 2024 Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 
 
Table of Contents 
I. Introduction 
II. Electric Hydrogen’s approach 
III. An industry-wide electrolysis cost reduction mirage (so far) 
IV. The techno-economics of green H2 supply: EH2-LCOH+™ in action 
V. How can EH2 help? 
 
I. Introduction 
Electric Hydrogen (EH2) is bringing to market the next -generation of fully integrated and lower cost 
electrolysis plants to produce fossil -free hydrogen (H2) at the industrial scale. A previous publication 
explained EH2’s product scope which is considerably greater than other solutions in the market today [1]; 
EH2’s 100 MW-45 TPD (metric tons per day) flagship electroly sis plant includes all major system 
components in a single integrated package: electrolysis stacks, power converters, gas separators, thermal 
management, water treatment and comprehensive system controls. Enabled by breakthrough power density 
in the electrolyzer stacks, the overall plant is considerably smaller and lower capex per kW than competing 
solutions. 
In this paper, we explain how the lower capex for EH2’s product translates to lowest levelized cost of 
hydrogen (LCOH). We’ll demonstrate how the analytics tools developed by EH2, primarily the EH2–LCOH+™ 
model (available free of charge to its customers and partners ), can be used to determine the optimal 
configuration of a green hydrogen project. 
II. Electric Hydrogen’s Approach 
EH2 was founded with a clear mission to help critical industries such as ammonia, steel and chemicals 
to decarbonize by rethinking and redesign ing water electrolysis plants from the ground up. From its 
inception, EH2 has focused on minimizing electrolysis plant capex by: (1) pushing the cell’s electrochemistry 
to new limits, (2) maximizing economies of scale of the stack and balance of plant (BOP) (3) streamlining and 
simplifying plant delivery to minimize EPC costs and related timeline overruns . A n additional design 
constraint was to maintain high plant efficiency for low operating costs. 
At the cell level, the current density (I) and voltage (V) relationship or I-V curve (also known as polarization 
curve) is a characteristic of an electrochemical cell and is affected by its design and operating parameters. 
A figure reproduced from Bessarabov and Millet’s recent review book [1], a reference work on the state of 
PEM electrolysis technology , show s where typical PEM electrolysis operates. The I-V curve s depicted in 
Figure 1 illustrate that the vast majority of commercial electrolyzers operate in the 1 –3 A/cm2 and 1.7–2 V 
region. Based on PEM technology, EH2’s proprietary cell and stack designs push the power density to 
unprecedented levels for commercial scale. EH2’s proprietary cell design enables the highest yield in the 
electrolysis market (in hydrogen production rate per unit area) while maintaining a high efficiency in the 75-
85% range at the cell level. The higher throughput enables more compact hardware and more efficient use 
of stacks and BOP materials along with lower manufacturing cost per unit hydrogen produced. Higher power 
density in the electrolyzer stacks also reduces risks associated with market fluctuations of key materials 

EH2 Whitepaper 
3 
January 2024 Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 
 
used. This is all the more important in recent years, as the electrolysis industry has been challenged by 
inflationary pressures that raised the prices of metals and precious metal catalysts. 
 
 
III. An Industry-Wide Cost Reduction Mirage (So Far) 
The promises made by established electrolysis providers to reduce the system cost of electrolyzers have 
not yet materialized. In fact, we are seeing the opposite trend today with evidence that prices have been 
rising, driven by multiple factors: 
• Lingering supply chain difficulties (mostly due to the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the Ukraine -
Russia conflict) mean input costs of base materials are higher. 
• Rising costs of metals used to manufacture stacks and balance of plant (like stainless steel and 
nickel for alkaline electrolyzers, and titanium, iridium, platinum, and stainless st eel for PEM 
electrolyzers). 
• Higher than anticipated EPC and engineering services costs due to novelty of projects and overall 
relative limited experience with electrolysis. 
The International Energy Agency (IEA) began reporting on electrolysis plant prices in 2021. Based on these 
reports, the fully installed costs of alkaline and conventional PEM electrolysis were estimated to be 1,700 
and 2,000 $/kW respectively for projects outside of China in 2023. This is a 12–21% increase compared with 
the agency's 2022 assessment (see Figure 2) . Although the IEA clarifies that this price includes “ the 
equipment, gas treatment, plant balancing, and engineering, procurement, and construction cost ”, a full 
Figure 1 – Typical polarization curves reproduced (without additions or modifications) from 
Bessarabov and Millet’s review, PEM Water Electrolysis Volume 2 

EH2 Whitepaper 
4 
January 2024 Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 
 
apples-to-apples comparison is often challenging here as various suppliers and studies include different 
scopes and those are seldom detailed. The comparison of alkaline and PEM technology is also difficult 
because it is rare that the specific type of alkaline electrolyzer (atmospheric or pressurized) is mentioned, 
and whether the hydrogen compression capex is added (the IEA does not specify this aspect for example). 
The hydrogen council and McKinsey provide a similar assessment in their latest Hydrogen Insights 2023 
published in December 2023: the average fully installed system cost for a GW scale alkaline facility in the US 
Gulf Coast is estimated between 1,800 and 2,200 $/kW [1]. 
 
 
 
 
In contrast with other electrolyzer manufacturers, EH2 provides publicly indicative pricing for its fully 
integrated 100MW-45TPD all-inclusive electrolysis solution along with a clearly defined product and service 
scope (see text box below). This makes it easier for would be buyers of electrolyzers to fully understand EH2’s 
product differentiation and compare it with other market offerings. 
 
The lowest possible capex is only useful if it delivers the lowest total levelized cost of hydrogen (LCOH). 
EH2 provides customers and partners with powerful analytics tools (accessible on EH2.com/toolkit) to 
estimate their likely LCOH and examine the impact of various cost levers, including the electrolyzer plant 
capex and the cost of the input power . In the following section, we show how EH2–LCOH+™, the detailed 
As of Q1-2024, EH2’s indicative pricing for its all-inclusive 100 MW plant falls in the 800-900 $/kW 
range, fully installed. This can be compared to the IEA’s 2023 assessment for competing alkaline 
and conventional PEM electrolysis suppliers at 1,700 $/kW and 2,000 $/kW, respectively. 
 
1,200
1,400
1,7001,750 1,770
2,000
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2,500
2021 2022 2023
IEA - Global Hydrogen review
$ /kWe
Global Hydrogen Review 2021, 2022 and, 2023 
Figure 2 – Benchmark of total installed cost of electrolysis plants (outside China) published annually by 
the International Energy Agency (IEA). Total installed cost “including the equipment, gas treatment, plant 
balancing, and engineering, procurement, and construction cost.” 
 
Alkaline PEM 

EH2 Whitepaper 
5 
January 2024 Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 
 
hourly LCOH model provided by Electric Hydrogen , can be used to clarify the full cost and feasibility of 
different electrolysis scenarios quickly and accurately , and ultimately help identify the optimal project 
configuration. 
IV. The Techno-Economics of Green H2 Supply: 
EH2-LCOH+™ in Action 
EH2 provides EH2–LCOH+™ free of charge to customers and partners . The tool is intended to help 
them simplify and speed up project sizing analysis as well as techno-economic assessments and feasibility 
studies. Very quickly, a novice user can build a scenario in a location of their choice and compare the 
anticipated levelized cost of producing hydrogen using EH2’s technology to other suppliers and electrolysis 
technologies. The power supply and hydrogen plant, including an optional H2 compression and storage 
steps, can be sized based on a desired hydrogen output and the H2 offtaker minimum turndown, to find the 
optimal overall project configuration. 
 
1. Setting the Stage: A Green Ammonia Case Study 
The US southern great plains, encompassing Northern Texas and Western Oklahoma, is a unique 
location where outstanding renewable resources and existing hydrogen consuming industries overlap. Those 
industries include primarily ammonia plants and petroleum refineries. The consumed hydrogen is today 
mostly “grey” – meaning that it is produced from natural gas using a reforming process with a relatively high 
carbon footprint. EH2 provides industrial scale plants (100MW+) that can supplement or act as a drop -in 
replacement (i.e. not requiring significant hardware or process change) to grey hydrogen used in these 
existing hydrogen markets. 
Figure 3 – Screenshot of the EH2-LCOH+ tool showing the project setup page with location selector window. 

EH2 Whitepaper 
6 
January 2024 Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 
 
In the map shown in Figure 4 and generated using EH2’s US Hydrogen Offtaker and Renewables Assets tool, 
one can see the potential for green hydrogen demand and decarbonization in the southern great plains 
region. Despite not being selected as part of the 7 hubs funded by the DOE, this region has the potential of 
becoming one of the leading locations for green hydrogen projects in the US. Moreover, green hydrogen in 
this region can help improve the economics of some of the existing renewable assets suffering from a high 
level of curtailment (if those can be exempt from the IRA’s additionality requirement). For the demonstration 
undertaken in this paper, we choose the location depicted by a star on the map near major existing hydrogen 
offtake in Western Oklahoma . For the purposes of this analysis, we will assume that the green hydrogen 
facility is supplying a 500,000 metric ton/year ammonia plant. With about 190 kg of H2 required for each 1 
metric ton of ammonia, this plant would require 260 tons of hydrogen per day, about 600 MWe [AC] of 
electrolysis (at full utilization). 
 
Figure 4 – A view of EH2’s US Hydrogen Offtaker and Renewables Assets dashboard centered on Oklahoma and Texas 
 
2. Intermittent LCOH: EH2 vs. Other Suppliers 
How much would it cost to produce hydrogen using EH2’s technology compared with competing 
alkaline and conventional PEM technologies in the location described above? 
We have previously shown (section III) EH2’s capex advantage compared to what is offered today on the 
market. We use here conventional PEM and alkaline capex benchmarks in line with the IEA’s 2022 
assessments rather than the latest 2023 one; we assume that increases in 2023 are temporary and may ease 
in the next few years. As discussed in our previous paper describing the importance of supplier scope [3], a 
cost adder for the hydrogen plant outside battery limit (OSBL) might need to be included (if additional 
transformers, water pre-treatment, piping outside the facility, etc., is needed ). That cost adder, estimated 
here to be 200 $/kW would be added to all technologies evaluated. Compression is not included in the above 


EH2 Whitepaper 
7 
January 2024 Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 
 
capex cost adder but is an additional cost included in the (atmospheric) alkaline LCOH estimate for a fair 
comparison with PEM. 
Regarding the efficiency of the plant, we assume total plant efficiencies, at full load, of 58 kWh/kg for alkaline 
and 56 kWh/kg for conventional PEM technologies. This is based on a list of 40+ projects surveyed by EH2. 
EH2’s own plant total efficiency at full load is 54.5 kWh/kg. This total efficiency includes all balance of plant 
energy losses due to electrical efficiencies (step-down voltage transformer, AC -DC conversion, and 
bussing), pumping, cooling, and controlling the plant and hydrogen losses due to cross -over and fugitive 
hydrogen losses. Other assumptions and inputs to the model are detailed in Table 1 at the end of this paper. 
EH2’s significant capex advantage over conventional PEM and significant efficiency advantage over alkaline, 
allow wind-based hydrogen to be produced in Oklahoma at 3.9 $/kg without the inflation reduction act 
(IRA) incentives , 2 6% cheaper than alkaline and conventional PEM LCOH. While having a lower initial 
investment compared with conventional PEM, alkaline’s higher fixed O&M costs and lower efficiency make 
up for the capex difference. When full 3$/kg production tax credit (PTC) over 10 years is included, EH2’s 
customers production cost is estimated at 0.96 $/kg which is significantly lower than the 2.3-2.4 $/kg post-
PTC production cost of hydrogen using alternative electrolysis technologies (see Figure 5) 
 
Figure 5 – Levelized cost of hydrogen production using wind or solar PV in western Oklahoma 
and comparing EH2’s plant to conventional PEM and alkaline plants. 


EH2 Whitepaper 
8 
January 2024 Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 
 
Solar PV-to-H2 is consistently more expensive in central Oklahoma due to the relatively low utilization rate 
penalizing high capex solutions, especially in the relatively high cost of capital environment we are seeing in 
2023-2024. 
3. The Cost of Firm Hydrogen Supply 
Hydrogen consuming processes often have a limited hydrogen input flow rate flexibility, with 
a limited turndown; operations with an intermittent input of hydrogen can have an adverse effect on 
the equipment or on the efficiency of the process. Hydrogen systems using EH2 technology can be 
modeled to build the best strategy leading to a firm supply of hydrogen. In addition to H2 consuming 
processes with limited flexibility, a firm supply of hydrogen might be desired anyway as it increases 
the utilization rate of downstream equipment and can reduce the unit cost of the hydrogen-based 
product downstream. 
Multiple methods can be used to provide a more stable supply of green hydrogen; these are 
depicted in Figure 6: (1) Hydrogen storage (firming the output of an electrolyzer) , (2) oversizing of 
renewables compared with the installed electrolysis capacity, (3) hybridization of energy source, (4) 
grid supplementation or (5) battery storage. Methods (2) to (5) are all methods to firm the hydrogen 
output by guaranteeing a flatter input power. 
 
a) Storage Requirement for Firming: 
In this section, we use LCOH+ to estimate the required H2 storage to firm the H2 supply. We start 
with a strict storage requirement with no flexibility on the H2 offtaker side (a strict 24/7), and then introduce 
various methods that help reduce the size of H2 storage needed. For a strict 24/7 supply, with a capacity of 
renewable generation matching that of the electrolyzer, 16 days of storage would be needed for wind 
generation in the western Oklahoma region, and 35 days of H2 storage for a solar PV supply. Given the current 
cost of storage, this is a prohibitively expensive option. 
 
 
 
Figure 6 – Strategies to provide a more stable supply of electrolytic hydrogen. 


EH2 Whitepaper 
9 
January 2024 Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 
 
Effect of Offtake Flexibility: 
The turndown flexibility is an option that can be added in EH2-LCOH+TM to alleviate the H2 storage 
requirement. A simple trade-off can be made by associating offtake turndown as virtual storage. 
Figure 7 – Effect of offtake flexibility on the storage requirement for strict 24/7 firming of wind-to-H2 
In the current example, with a 70% minimum turndown instead of a strict 24/7 supply, the storage 
requirement falls from 16 days to 11 days for wind-to-H2. If an offtaker can accept a frequent turndown to 
60%, the storage falls below the 10-day mark, and shows a close-to-linear relationship (Figure 7). 
 Effect of Oversizing Renewables: 
Oversizing of the renewable asset’s capacity is a strategy adopted by renewables and hydrogen developers. 
The aim is to increase the electrolysis plant utilization rate (as can be seen in Figure 8) and either use, sell or 
curtail the excess electricity. 
Figure 8 - Effect of over-sizing of wind and solar PV on the electrolyzer capacity factor 
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
100% 90% 80% 70% 60% 50% 40%
# days of strorage required
Offtake minimum turndown limit
Wind
Solar PV

EH2 Whitepaper 
10 
January 2024 Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 
 
The electrolyzer utilization rate increases when the renewables-to-electrolyzer capacity ratio is raised as 
shown in Figure 9; the largest incremental utilization improvement occurs between 1:1 and 2.5:1 ratio with 
diminishing returns observed beyond that. At 3.5:1 ratio, a utilization rate of 7 7.6% for wind-H2 is reached 
and the associated storage requirement then falls below 10 days to meet a strict 24/7 supply. 
Mixing Solar and Wind (hybridization): 
Blending Solar and wind resources to power the electrolysis plant is another way to reduce the storage 
capacity needed for a firm supply of hydrogen. This is location dependent as solar and wind resources would 
need to be anti-correlated to provide this benefit (more wind when solar is down. Figure 10 shows how the 
H2 storage is minimized when 20% solar PV is included in the mix. 
 
0.00
5.00
10.00
15.00
20.00
25.00
0% 10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100%
Days of storage 
% solar in the wind-solar PV supply mix
Figure 9 - Impact of oversizing ratio on the electrolyzer utilization rate and the H2 storage required to 
meet a strict 24/7 supply 
Figure 10 – impact of blending wind and solar on hydrogen storage need. Offtaker with 70% 
minimum turndown and a renewables-to-electrolyzer ratio of 2.5 
0.0
2.0
4.0
6.0
8.0
10.0
12.0
14.0
16.0
18.0
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
1.0 1.5 2.0 2.5 3.0 3.5 4.0
Days of storage 
Electrolysis plant 
utilisation rate
Oversizing ratio (generation:electrolyzer)
Utilisation rate (left y-axis)
Days of storage (right y-axis)


EH2 Whitepaper 
11 
January 2024 Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 
 
b) Optimal Project Configuration and LCOH: 
Finally, we combine the optimization methods to answer the following questions: 
1. What is the best project configuration for green hydrogen in western Oklahoma and at what LCOH 
can a firm supply of hydrogen be supplied? 
 
2. How does EH2’s LCOH compare to competing conventional PEM and alkaline for this optimal 
configuration? 
To do so, we consider an offtaker with 70% minimum turndown and a renewables-to-electrolyzer ratio of 2.5. 
These are reasonable assumptions based on how far an existing ammonia plant process can turn down 
without major retrofit , and the oversizing trends seen today on the market for green hydrogen be ing 
developed, respectively. Excess electricity is assumed to be sold at a realistic and relatively low price of 
$10/MWh. The cost of compression from 30 bar to 200 bar using reciprocating compressors along with type 
1 steel tank costs are included and are used to estimate the added LCOH premium for firming. Those costs 
are based on direct discussions and quotes received from different H2 compression and storage vendors in 
the US and outside the US. The most competitive quote was received by Electric Hydrogen for H2 storage at 
around 300 $/kg stored but a more conservative 500 $/kg is assumed in this analysis. 
The optimal cost of firm hydrogen is obtained for a renewable plant with a mix of 70% onshore wind and 
30% Solar PV (Figure 11). Despite pure solar PV supply leading to a more expensive intermittent hydrogen 
and requiring more storage for firming, adding solar PV in the power supply mix reduces the firm H2 cost. 
This is primarily due to the reduced need for storage and secondarily due to the improved electrolyzer 
capacity factor. As mentioned earlier, in this specific location solar PV and wind have some degree of anti-
correlation and solar would help maintain operations of the H2 plant during periods with no wind. The 
optimal 70%-30% configuration in this location allows for a total LCOH of firm hydrogen of 2.39 $/kg when 
including the PTC, a competitive LCOH with competing low-carbon H2 supply like blue hydrogen. 
Figure 11 – Optimal configuration of wind and solar PV to achieve lowest cost of intermittent and firm hydrogen. 
5.37
2.39
0.0
2.0
4.0
6.0
8.0
10.0
12.0
0% 10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100%
Levelized cost of hydrogen ($/kg) % solar in the wind-solar PV supply mix
Intermittent LCOH + firming premium for a 
minimum offtaker turndown of 70% and a renewables-to-electrolysis ratio of 2.5
Storage cost H2 prod - without PTC
Firm H2 prod - without PTC Firm H2 prod - with PTC
Optimal 

EH2 Whitepaper 
12 
January 2024 Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 
 
 
 
Comparing now the firm hydrogen production cost obtained using EH2’s plant to conventional PEM and 
alkaline technologies, we find those configurations to have a higher firm LCOH due to the combination of a 
higher CapEx and energy intensity of those technologies. A +48% premium compared with alkaline and +44% 
compared with conventional PEM technology. 
 
Figure 12 - Optimal LCOH of firm hydrogen supply for different H2 plant technologies 
(minimum offtaker turndown of 70% and a renewables-to-electrolysis ratio of 2.5) 
 
 
V. How Can EH2 help? 
EH2 is taking orders today for its 100 MWe – 45 tpd fully integrated plant described in this paper. 
Additional support to customers is provided along their hydrogen project development journey using EH2’s 
analytics tools. The analysis performed in this paper is an example of how customers can quickly leverage 
EH2-LCOH+TM to find the optimal project configuration, including its techno-economics details. 
If you have a large-scale project, we can help speed up your project and decarbonization plans. 
 
2.39
3.43 3.55
0.0
1.0
2.0
3.0
4.0
5.0
6.0
EH2 (70% wind / 30% solar) Conventional PEM (70%
wind / 30% solar)
Alkaline (70% wind / 30%
solar)
Levelized cost of firm H2 ($/kg)
Optimal LCOH of firm hydrogen supply with PTC with
a minimum offtaker turndown of 70% and a renewables-to-electrolysis ratio of 2.5
 +44% 
 +48% 

EH2 Whitepaper 
13 
January 2024 Electric Hydrogen Proprietary 
 
 
 
Data and assumptions: 
Table 1 - Assumptions and inputs to the analyzed scenario 
Variable (unit) EH2 advanced PEM Conventional PEM Alkaline 
Plant Economic Life (years) 20 years 
Cost of capital (%) H2 plant: 10% - Renewables: 8% 
Tax rate (%) 21% + 6% 
Installed capex ISBL* ($/kW) 850 1,700* 1,400 
Additional OSBL* costs ($/kW) 200 
Plant unit size (MW [ac]) 104 25 25 
Stack replacement cost (%) 20% 20% 15% 
Fixed O&M ($/kW-year) 40 40 50 
Total plant efficiency at full load (kWh/kg) 54.5 56 58** 
Electrolyzer minimum turndown (%) 10% 10% 20% 
Water cost ($/m3) 1 
Onshore wind LCOE / capacity factor 26.7 $/MWh – 51% [AC] 
Solar PV LCOE / capacity factor 27.9 $/MWh – 31% [AC] 
Renewable power PTC 26 $/MWh for 10 years (for both wind and solar PV) 
Hydrogen PTC 3 $/MWh for 10 years 
Storage capex 500 $/kg H2 stored 
Excess electricity sale price 10 $/MWh 
*IEA’s 2022 assessment. ISBL/OSBL: inside/outside battery limit. **2 kWh/kg added to Alk for compression from 1 to 30 bar 
 
References 
[1] Hydrogen Insights 2023 – December 2023 (link) 
[2] PEM Water Electrolysis. Bessarabov et al. Vol 1 and 2. 2018 (link) 
[3] Green H₂ Plants Are Not All Created Equal: EH2's wide-scope approach to reducing cost. Electric 
Hydrogen Oct 2023 (https://eh2.app/whitepapers) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contact: 
Soufien (Sof) Taamallah, PhD 
Staff Product Manager & Analytics Lead 
Soufien@EH2.com 
 
For Sales related inquiries, please reach out to 
Jason Mortimer 
SVP of Global Sales 
JMortimer@EH2.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://eh2.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/EH2-whitepaper-May-2023-Market-paper-20230530-Vf.pdf

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
Economic deep decarbonization 
An OEM’s perspective on the fast-growing green H2 market 
 
May 2023 
Electric Hydrogen Co. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Soufien (Sof) Taamallah, 
Senior Product Manager and EH2 Commercial Analytics Lead 
 
Alex Panchula, 
VP of Product Management 

 
Page 2 of 10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oui, mes amis, je crois que l’eau sera un jour employée comme combustible, 
que l’hydrogène et l’oxygène, qui la constituent, utilisés isolément ou simultanément, fourniront une 
source de chaleur et de lumière inépuisables et d’une intensité que la houille ne saurait avoir.” 
Jules Verne, L’Ile Mysterieuse 1874 
 
[Translation from French] 
“Yes, my friends, I believe that water will one day be used as a fuel, 
that hydrogen and oxygen, which constitute it, used alone or simultaneously, will provide an 
inexhaustible source of heat and light of an intensity that coal cannot have.” 
Jules Verne, The Mysterious Island 1874 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ot long ago, Jules Verne’s vision 
was considered by many a pipe 
dream, something too expensive 
to be implemented. However, 
things are changing: Over the last two decades, 
companies and countries persisted and 
succeeded in bringing the cost of renewable 
electricity from solar and wind energy down to 
levels not previously imagined. Today, 
innovative companies, like Electric Hydr ogen 
(EH2) are determined to do the same for 
electrolysis technology. Combining low-cost 
renewables and low-cost electrolysis mak es 
Jules Verne’s vision a reality. EH2 pushes the 
vision even further: not only does our industrial 
scale system make green hydrogen mainstream, 
but our mission is to bring it to market and 
decarbonize the most price sensitive industries. 
In this first paper of a series, we guide readers 
through the recent changes in the hydrogen 
market and how green hydrogen is establishing 
itself as a critical technology for decarbonization 
and the global energy transition. EH2 
continuously tracks electrolysis projects on a 
worldwide basis and, in this paper, provides an 
update on the global electrolysis project pipeline 
and important changes we see in the market. 
 
In a follow up paper, we will describe EH2’s 
product and scope in more detail and go through 
our approach to drastically reduce the still 
relatively high cost of electrolysis technology. We 
will also show how our technology translates to 
compelling levelized cost of hydrogen production 
(LCOH). 
 
 N 

 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
 
I. The onset of the green hydrogen virtuous cycle 
 
 
 
Over the last few years, the world of 
energy has witnessed a paradigm shift when it 
comes to the lightest and most abundant element 
in the universe, a molecule long hailed as the fuel 
of a future that never came … until now. 
Approximately five decades since the expression 
“hydrogen economy ” was coined by Professor 
John Bockris in 1970 [1] — we see an 
unprecedented surge in global interest around 
hydrogen as a necessary decarbonization tool. 
Many saw this “old new idea” as another periodic 
hype cycle, but things are fundamentally different 
this time. T he ingredients for successful and 
sustained growth of the nascent green hydrogen 
market are coming together to engage a virtuous 
cycle characterized by: 
(1) the declining levelized cost of fossil-free 
hydrogen triggered by lower cost renewable 
power from solar and wind energy along with 
favorable policies (e.g., US Inflation Reduction 
Act in 2022 or the EU’s REPowerEU plan). 
 
(2) the increasing number and scale of hydrogen 
projects further reducing hydrogen production 
cost. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Figure 1 – The green hydrogen virtuous cycle 

 
Page 4 of 10 
 
 
 
II. Putting hydrogen on the (energy transition) map 
 
 
 
The consensus that hydrogen has an 
important role to play in the world energy 
transition has never been stronger. This shift can 
be seen in recent years by looking at global 
energy forecasts published annually e.g ., the 
World Energy Outlook [2] by the International 
Energy Agency (IEA) or the annual Energy 
Outlook published by BP [3]. As shown in Figure 
2, the word “Hydrogen” only appears in the last 
five to six years. Though seemingly sudden in 
their forecasts, the uptick in mentions of 
“hydrogen” is rooted in work that started years 
ago, or rather, never stopped. Project after 
project, test after test, scientists, engineers and 
entrepreneurs in academia, national labs and the 
private sector have been tirelessly developing 
and optimizing hydrogen technologies for 
decades. The result of this continuous effort is 
that it is now accepted that it is not only 
technically possibly, but also more and more 
economically feasible to use green hydrogen to 
mitigate greenhouse gas emissions in the “hard-
to-abate industries" like ammonia, methanol, 
steel, cement, shipping, aviation, and the 
intercontinental trade of energy, which are 
together responsible for at least one quarter of 
global CO2 emissions [4]. Electrolytic hydrogen 
generated by solar, wind or other renewable 
resources can provide the lowest cost pathway 
to decarbonize those industries, enabling an 
“indirect electrification” of sectors that aren’t 
amenable to direct renewable electrification.
 
 
Figure 2 – Tracking number of occurrences of the word 
"hydrogen” in key global energy outlooks (IEA and BP) 


 
Page 5 of 10 
 
III. The electrolysis market is taking off 
 
A. The 1GWe of operating capacity milestone in sight 
 
The year 2022 was a record year for 
electrolysis with about 250 Megawatts electric 
(MWe) added. These additions surpassed the 
previous record reached just a year earlier in 
2021 – despite the pandemic and the ensuing 
economic downturn – when 75 MWe came 
online. 
The global capacity for electrolysis sits today at 
about 495 MWe (as of May 2023). What makes 
the current situation unique is that for the first 
time in hydrogen history, there is more than 1 
GWe of electrolysis capacity currently under-
construction, more than twice the operating 
capacity globally. Out of the 1,230 MWe that are 
currently under-construction, 492 MWe are 
expected in 2023 and close to 620 MWe in 2024. 
Some of these are imminent like Sinopec ’s 260 
MWe plant in Kuqa, China, in its final stages of 
construction and scheduled to be put into 
operation on June 30th, 2023. This all means that 
2023 will be likely another consecutive record 
year for green hydrogen project additions and 
that the 1 GWe milestone is around the 
corner, likely to be reached sometime in 2024. 
The installed fleet of electrolyzers is still small, 
with an average of 2.4 MWe per plant and most 
electrolysis plants have sub- MWe capacity: the 
median is today around 180 kWe. However, the 
scale-up trend is clear: There are currently 13 
plants operating with a capacity above 10 MWe, 
half of which came online in 2022. Among the 
electrolysis plants currently under construction, 
19 have a capacity above 10 MWe (an average 
of 35 MWe and median of 10 MWe for plants 
being built). 
To put the above figures in perspective, replacing 
current global ammonia production would require 
close to 200 GWe of electrolysis at full utilization.
 
 
 
Figure 3 - Electrolysis capacity operating and under-construction 

 
Page 6 of 10 
 
B. Alkaline vs. Proton Exchange Membrane (PEM) 
 
One notable electrolysis plant that started 
last year is the solar- to-hydrogen 150 MWe 
alkaline plant built mostly using John Cockerill-
Jingli technology (110 MWe by the Sino-Belgian 
joint venture) for Baofeng in northwest China. 
This plant alone constitutes nearly a third of the 
global capacity installed and tipped the alkaline 
versus PEM electrolysis technology race 
temporarily towards alkaline: currently the global 
installed capaci ty (including the 150 MWe 
Baofeng plant in China) is split 60% Alkaline and 
~34% PEM (the remainder being either unknown 
or other technologies like solid oxide). However, 
when excluding the Baofeng plant, there is a 
more balanced split: ~43% alkaline /~48% PEM. 
 
PEM currently has a slight edge among 
electrolysis plants under construction: out of 
the 1,230 MWe being built, 48% are PEM-
based, and 46% chose alkaline – the latter are 
largely dominated by two 100MW+ scale 
Sinopec plants in China. 
 
Given that alkaline technology has reached the 
tail end of its cost curve while PEM can still tap 
into lower regions of its own cost curve, one can 
expect PEM’s share of installed capacity to rise 
as PEM systems are further scaled up and 
optimized for low-cost industrial deployments. 
At EH2, our goal is to provide advanced PEM 
systems at lower installed CapEx than alkaline 
systems with superior efficiency and that can 
drive PEM’s market share growth even further.
 
Figure 4 - Electrolysis capacity operating and under-construction 
by technology type 

 
Page 7 of 10 
 
 
C. The project pipeline: 1,000 times more capacity in the making 
 
The 1.7 GWe of electrolysis capacity 
currently operating or under-construction is 
dwarfed by the total planned capacity: as of May 
2023, a staggering 450 GWe of electrolysis 
capacity is being planned. That includes all 
projects at any level of progress, meaning that 
some of those might simply be announced but 
might never break ground. To get a sense of the 
capacity with the most likelihood of being added 
among the total announced capacity, 10 GWe 
are currently at an advanced stage of 
development. These are projects that 
completed feasibility studies and either moved 
towards FEED (front- end engineering and 
design), applied for, or received permits, or 
issued equipment purchase orders. 92 GWe are 
in early planning with conceptual or feasibility 
studies in progress.
 
 
 
 
With 450 GWe of capacity planned or simply 
announced, the project pipeline is 1,000 times 
larger than the existing capacity on the ground. 
This is one of the clearest indicators that the 
nascent green hydrogen market is taking off. 
 
 
At this rate, EH2 anticipates that electrolysis 
would likely surpass the rate of PV and wind 
development in their early days, as shown in 
Figure 6.
Figure 5 - Global electrolysis capacity in MWe at different stages 
of development (May 2023) 

 
Page 8 of 10 
 
 
 
 
D. Market pull dominated by industrial players 
 
 
As seen above, around 1.7 GWe of 
electrolysis capacity are either already operating 
(~1/3) or being built (~2/3), and about 9 GWe are 
in an advanced stage of development and are 
very likely to be built in the next few years. But 
what sectors are driving this upcoming 
capacity growth? 
 
Industrial players are currently the single largest 
planned hydrogen offtake, dominated by the 
current uses of hydrogen as a feedstock, 
replacing mostly grey hydrogen used today in 
those industries. 
 
 
 
 
These are refineries, ammonia, and other 
chemicals plants, along with new uses of 
hydrogen as feedstock, such as for steel 
decarbonization. Mobility applications follow with 
anticipated uses such as sustainable aviation 
fuels and hydrogen for heavy duty transport 
currently dominating that segment. An additional 
2 GWe of the current project pipeline is slated for 
the power export market.
Figure 6 - Comparison of solar PV, wind, and electrolysis installed capacity evolution 
(All normalized to year 1 when each technology reached its first 100 MWe installed). 

 
Page 9 of 10 
 
 
IV. Conclusion 
 
 
The green hydrogen market is growing at 
an unprecedented pace with new records 
achieved each year and major milestones 
expected soon (like the first gigawatt of global 
installed capacity expected in 2024). Individual 
plants are also becoming larger in a market 
driven by industrial and infrastructure players. 
 
The above is a validation of Electric Hydrogen’s 
founding thesis and its product strategy to 
provide its customers with fully integrated 100 
MWe electrolyzer systems to support industrial 
players in their decarbonization efforts at the 
lowest cost possible. In a follow-up paper, we will 
explain Electric Hydrogen ’s approach to tackle 
the still relatively high cost of electrolysis 
technology – the main barrier to wider adoption 
of green hydrogen. We will show how Electric 
Hydrogen’s technology translates to lowest 
levelized cost of hydrogen and how the plant 
performance and LCOH analytics tools – 
developed by EH2 to support its customers in 
their green H2 project modeling – can be used to 
find the optimal project configuration and cost of 
hydrogen. 
 
 
Want to contact us? 
Get in touch with us here or email 
Soufien@eh2.com
 
 
Figure 7 – Share of electrolysis capacity (existing, under-construction, 
and in advanced planning) by end-use (As of May 1st, 2023) 

 
Page 10 of 10 
 
References: 
 
[1] National Hydrogen Association; United States Department of Energy. "The History of 
Hydrogen" (PDF). hydrogenassociation.org. National Hydrogen Association. p. 1. Archived from the 
original (PDF) on 14 July 2010. Retrieved 17 December 2010. 
 
[2] International Energy Agency (2022), World Energy Outlook 2022, IEA 
 
[3] Statistical Review of World Energy 2022 
 
[4] Sector by sector: where do global greenhouse gas emissions come from? Our world in data 
https://ourworldindata.org/emissions-by-sector 
 
[5] Global Hydrogen Review 2022 https://www.iea.org/reports/global-hydrogen-review-2022

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------