ROOT: https://chardust.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:54:31.028617Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 7

================================================================================

URL: https://chardust.com/

Chardust Ltd
Cleaning the environment to make
Eco-Charcoal Fuel, Seedballs and Biochar
Cleaning the environment to make Eco-Charcoal, Seedballs and Biochar
Welcome to Chardust, an alternative energy company in Nairobi, Kenya. We've developed innovative techniques to convert discarded charcoal waste into low-cost fuel briquettes and biochar products.
SEEDBALLS KENYA
26,318,000 Seedballs distributed since Sep 2016
Chardust was founded in 2000 to produce substitutes for charcoal on a commercially sustainable basis. Given that charcoal generally wholesales for less than $150 per tonne in developing countries, this was at one time thought impossible. Chardust, however, making use of low-priced raw materials, ample labour supply and a good measure of innovation, set out to produce fuels that could sell directly into traditional charcoal markets and compete head-to-head on price and quality. With daily sales peaking at over 7 tonnes, this goal has been achieved!
A strong philosophical foundation influences business decisions at Chardust. The company's Directors are aware that they are pioneers of emerging technology that has led to the development of a new industry in East Africa with the capacity to protect diminishing natural resources, recycle large amounts of waste and provide inexpensive fuel to huge numbers of people.
PRE-CARBONISED,
ECO-FRIENDLY CHARCOAL BRIQUETTES FOR
FUEL & HEATING
Around 10% of the charcoal brought into Nairobi is thrown away as dust. It accumulates wherever charcoal is sold. Collecting this dust supports a cleaner urban environment. Chardust salvages the dust and brings it to the briquetting factory for cleaning and processing.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.chardust.com/about

About Chardust
Chardust's founders believe that it is possible to run a successful enterprise at the same time as protecting the environment and improving the welfare of people in developing countries.
About Us
Welcome to Chardust, an alternative energy company in Nairobi, Kenya. We've developed innovative techniques to convert discarded charcoal waste into low-cost fuel briquettes.
For each tonne of charcoal briquettes sold, we displace an equivalent amount of regular lumpwood charcoal. At the same time as providing a cheaper and longer-burning energy alternative, this creates jobs, recycles waste and brings the charcoal business into Kenya’s formal economy.
We also manufacture water heaters that use our briquettes, delivering savings of over 70% compared with water heated using electricity.
Elsen Karstad
Elsen Karstad is a Canadian who has lived in Kenya since 1971 and combines his educational background as an ecologist with a flair for engineering and sales. Elsen’s role in Chardust is innovation, design, marketing and the refinement of production systems and machinery.
John Njuguna
John Njuguna is a Kenyan citizen who started his career in primate research. He went on to gain administrative experience in the private sector and is now involved in the running of four successful companies, one of them being Chardust. John looks after the company’s administrative systems, personnel, accounts and day to day operations.
Matthew Owen
Matthew Owen is a British citizen who trained as a Geographer and now works as a bio-energy consultant. He handles Chardust’s special projects and technical support, as well as website and communications. Matthew also runs his own company selling wood-burning institutional stoves and gel fuel, and is a shareholder in BURN Manufacturing, East Africa’s leading cookstove company.
Our Story
Chardust was founded in 2000 to produce substitutes for charcoal on a commercially sustainable basis. Given that charcoal generally wholesales for less than $150 per tonne in developing countries, this was at one time thought impossible. Chardust, however, making use of low-priced raw materials, ample labour supply and a good measure of innovation, set out to produce fuels that could sell directly into traditional charcoal markets and compete head-to-head on price and quality. With daily sales peaking at over 7 tonnes, this goal has been achieved!
A strong philosophical foundation influences business decisions at Chardust. The company's Directors are aware that they are pioneers of emerging technology that has led to the development of a new industry in East Africa with the capacity to protect diminishing natural resources, recycle large amounts of waste and provide inexpensive fuel to huge numbers of people.
CLEANING THE ENVIRONMENT
Discarded charcoal waste is collected from waste piles, helping to clean the environment.
PREPARING THE CHARCOAL
The charcoal dust is sieved, cleaned, milled & nutritious binders are added.
SEEDBALLS
& ECO-BRIQUETTES
ARE CREATED

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.chardust.com/

Chardust Ltd
Cleaning the environment to make
Eco-Charcoal Fuel, Seedballs and Biochar
Cleaning the environment to make Eco-Charcoal, Seedballs and Biochar
Welcome to Chardust, an alternative energy company in Nairobi, Kenya. We've developed innovative techniques to convert discarded charcoal waste into low-cost fuel briquettes and biochar products.
SEEDBALLS KENYA
26,318,000 Seedballs distributed since Sep 2016
Chardust was founded in 2000 to produce substitutes for charcoal on a commercially sustainable basis. Given that charcoal generally wholesales for less than $150 per tonne in developing countries, this was at one time thought impossible. Chardust, however, making use of low-priced raw materials, ample labour supply and a good measure of innovation, set out to produce fuels that could sell directly into traditional charcoal markets and compete head-to-head on price and quality. With daily sales peaking at over 7 tonnes, this goal has been achieved!
A strong philosophical foundation influences business decisions at Chardust. The company's Directors are aware that they are pioneers of emerging technology that has led to the development of a new industry in East Africa with the capacity to protect diminishing natural resources, recycle large amounts of waste and provide inexpensive fuel to huge numbers of people.
PRE-CARBONISED,
ECO-FRIENDLY CHARCOAL BRIQUETTES FOR
FUEL & HEATING
Around 10% of the charcoal brought into Nairobi is thrown away as dust. It accumulates wherever charcoal is sold. Collecting this dust supports a cleaner urban environment. Chardust salvages the dust and brings it to the briquetting factory for cleaning and processing.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.chardust.com/fuel-heat

Chardust
Eco-Friendly Fuel & Heating
Our Products
Vendors Waste Charcoal
Our standard product, the Vendors Waste Briquette.
- 35 gm pillow shape made from charcoal dust & fines
- no binder
- 3 hr burn
- no smoke, sparks or smell
- 50 kg of briquettes packed in a printed white polypropylene sack
1250 ksh per 50kg sack
1000 ksh per 25kg sack
* Add 50/- for local delivery
* Free delivery over 100 bags
* Minimum order 20 bags
Used primarily by camps, lodges, poultry farms and restaurants for water and space heating, as well as larger stoves and ovens.
Premium Charcoal Briquette
Our premium retail product, the BBQ Charcoal Briquette.
- 35 gm. pillow shape
made from premium charcoal waste selected for quality and purity
- 8% ash
- bound with gum arabic
- 4 kg of briquettes packed in a 2-ply
80 gm printed brown paper sack
200 ksh per bag
* Packed in units of 12 bags
Excellent for cooking in all types of stoves and ovens.
Firestarters
200gm rolls of approx 13 pieces of dohgnut shaped firestarters. For easy starting of charcoal or wood fires.
- A simple recipe of wax and sawdust provides a sure start for any type of fire.
- Available in cartons of 15 rolls.
3000 ksh per carton
Fireballs
Our eye-catching top range briquette, the FireBall!
- Spherical briquette made from premium charcoal waste selected for quality and purity
- low ash
- bound with starch & molasses
- 4 kg of briquettes packed in a plastic bag inside a white cardboard box with cut-out carry holes and a colour label
300 ksh per box
* Packed in units of 8 boxes
We also sell FireBalls
- 10 kg paper bag @ 450 ksh (packed in units of 5 bags)
- 25 kg polyproylene sack @ 1000 ksh
(the 25 kg version is bound with molasses only)
Our most popular BBQ fuel provides a very even, long burning heat. Also used by many upmarket restaurants for outdoor space heating between tables.
Cleaning up the environment to make Eco-Charcoal from pre-carbonised, salvaged material
Water Heaters
Electric water heaters are expensive and power-hungry. Kenyan consumers connected to mains power spend over KES 230 ($2.70) to heat 100 litres of water. Camps and tourist lodges using diesel generators can spend significantly more.
At Chardust we've developed a range of water heaters fuelled with our briquettes that dramatically reduce water heating costs to below KES 50 ($0.60) for 100 litres (to 85 C). The heaters are easy to install, simple to operate and smoke-free. They're suitable for both private and commercial applications.
HEATER CAPACITY BRIQUETTE LOAD
20 Gallons/90 Litres 2.5kg
40 Gallons/90 Litres 5 kg
50 Gallons/90 Litres 7 kg
75 Gallons/90 Litres 10 kg
100 Gallons/90 Litres 13 kg
Prices include VAT
Add 40% for glass-fibre insulation & metal cladding
Our heaters can be used as stand-alone units or plumbed into existing water heating and storage systems. No special skills are needed. As a stand-alone unit, simply run an inlet pipe from your cold water storage tank to the heater and connect the outlet pipe straight to your taps or showers. The heater’s vent pipe takes care of any pressure differentials. Alternatively, use the unit as a pre-heater by plumbing the outlet into your existing boiler system. The water entering your boiler will now be pre-heated by the Chardust heater. Just watch your electricity bills shrink!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.chardust.com/recycling

Recycling At Chardust
Cleaning up the environment to make Eco-Charcoal from pre-carbonised, salvaged material
Charcoal Dust
At least 750,000 kg of rough unprocessed lump wood charcoal is consumed within Nairobi daily, and of that amount 15% is dust, fines and chips - charcoal vendor's waste. This salvaged charcoal waste is the dust we use to make the seedballs.
Beneath every long-established charcoal sales area, scattered throughout most of Nairobi, there were literally thousands of tons of well-preserved discarded charcoal dust 'waste'- some of it dating back to the early 1900's as evidenced by old coins recovered while cleaning up the sites.
Charcoal
Chardust started cleaning up the charcoal dust waste from some of the highest-density and lowest-income urban areas of Nairobi in 1996. And by 2017 there were some 50 briquetting facilities of various sizes and sophistication who have followed Chardust's lead and methods. Chardust Ltd. is happy to see that most of this 'waste' is no longer wasted. VWB- Vendor's Waste Briquettes- are now part of East Africa's charcoal value chain.
Until the late 1970s, the raw materials for charcoal seemed inexhaustible, being ubiquitous and available at virtually no cost. Government forest reserves, open rangelands, upland watershed zones, and lowland semi-arid areas became the main sources of the fuel.
Over the years, the key dynamic factors behind the expansion of the industry have been an accelerating urban growth, agricultural land clearing, and sector profitability, especially for dealers.
Today charcoal is still a key bio-energy resource in Kenya, providing domestic energy for 82% of urban and 34% of rural households. The charcoal industry also creates jobs for wood producers, charcoal producers, transporters and vendors.
Seedballs Kenya
Seedballs Kenya is a collaboration between Chardust and Cookswell Jikos. Chardust has pioneered a method of mass producing seedballs for low cost and efficient reintroduction of trees and grass species into degraded areas in Africa. Chardust uses some of the same briquetting equipment to produce biochar seedballs for aerial reforestation and pasture regeneration.
Our seedballs are a special blend of charcoal dust, nutrients and binders sourced from long dead acacia trees that are now giving life to a whole new generation of forests thanks to more than 35 combined years of Kenyan charcoal industry expertise from Chardust Ltd and Cookswell Jikos.
Seedballs &
Reforestation
Seedballs Kenya has pioneered a method of mass producing seedballs for low cost and efficient reintroduction of trees and grass species into degraded areas in Africa.
Seedballs are inexpensive and can be easily dispersed over large areas which are often hard to reach. Our indigenous seeds, supplied and certified by the Kenya Forestry Research Institute (KEFRI), are not treated or altered in any way.
Simply put, we are giving Mother Nature a helping hand by protecting the seeds from predators and sun until the appropriate natural environmental conditions trigger germination.
Direct seeding reduces transplant shock and helps the young trees grow stronger roots which in turn helps them grow into stronger trees. We focus on the rehabilitation of land so damaged by man's activity that natural reforestation is unlikely or not possible at all.
26,318,000 Seedballs distributed since September 2016.
The
Tree-Fuel-Tree
Cycle
Biochar seedballs contain seeds that have not been pre-treated in any way. The seeds undergo grading and germination tests conducted by KEFRI and each batch can be traced back to its original seed orchard in Kenya. Otherwise the seeds within are still in their natural state.
Many seeds may respond to moisture and germinate in the first rainy season, others to a mechanical disturbance such as being trampled by wildlife or tumbled amongst rocks along a seasonal stream bed. Some may just wait and bide their time for several years.
The biochar coating of the ball helps protect the seed within from predators such as rodents and insects, dehydration, and extremes of temperature. When wet, the seedball will help retain and prolong a moist environment around the seed to encourage germination. At this time the char (charcoal powder) and other components of the seedball will offer an initial nutritious boost.
Using seedballs, the reintroduction of tree species that have been partially or completely removed from their original environments is as natural a process as can be undertaken.
We assume the role of missing seed-producing 'Mother Trees' and leave nurture to nature.
Improving soil quality by using Biochar
Hygroscopic - biochar is porous and has a large surface area so attracts & holds more water than the soil can by itself.
Increases the retention of nutrients like phosphorous and nitrogen.
Aids in decreasing the leaching of nutrients of soil in to the groundwater.
Helps in saving the nutrients from erosion due to the surface water flow.
Improves soil fertility through it's ability to host essential soil organisms, stimulating plant growth.
Due to its ability to retain soil nutrients for long periods of time, biochar reduces the need for chemical fertilizers.
Being highly stable it helps absorb emissions of carbon dioxide from organic decomposition.
Helps control the release of methane and nitrogen dioxide from the soil

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.chardust.com/biochar

NEW! From the team behind Seedballs Kenya
Introducing the natural and long-lasting soil improvement additive BioChar
BENEFITS
Hygroscopic - biochar is porous and has a large surface area so attracts & holds more water than the soil can by itself.
Increases the retention of nutrients like phosphorous and nitrogen.
Aids in decreasing the leaching of nutrients of soil in to the groundwater.
Helps in saving the nutrients from erosion due to the surface water flow.
Improves soil fertility through it's ability to host essential soil organisms, stimulating plant growth.
Due to its ability to retain soil nutrients for long periods of time, biochar reduces the need for chemical fertilizers.
Being highly stable it helps absorb emissions of carbon dioxide from organic decomposition.
Helps control the release of methane and nitrogen dioxide from the soil
BioChar Kenya provides char chips and powder salvaged (purchased) from Nairobi’s urban charcoal vendors. The ‘char dust’ has been cleaned and sieved through a 3mm mesh providing an optimal particle size range for mixing into soils, top dressing lawns and gardens and inclusion with all types of organic fertilisers. Its use is recognised as an efficient form of carbon sequestration.
Biochar is charcoal used as a soil amendment for both carbon sequestration and soil health benefits. Biochar is a stable solid, rich in carbon, and can endure in soil for thousands of years.[1] Like most charcoal, biochar is made from biomass via pyrolysis. Biochar is under investigation as a viable approach for carbon sequestration,[1] as it has the potential to help mitigate global warming and climate change.[2][3]
Biochar is recognized as offering a number of soil health benefits. The extremely porous nature of biochar is found to be effective at retaining both water and water-soluble nutrients. Biochar is hygroscopic. Thus it is a desirable soil material in many locations due to its ability to attract and retain water. This is possible because of its porous structure and high specific surface area.[67] As a result, nutrients such as phosphate, and agrochemicals are retained for the plants benefit. Plants are therefore healthier, and less fertilizer leaches into surface or groundwater. Soil biologist Elaine Ingham indicates[42] the extreme suitability of biochar as a habitat for many beneficial soil micro organisms.
Biochar can improve water quality, reduce soil emissions of greenhouse gases, reduce nutrient leaching, reduce soil acidity, and reduce irrigation and fertilizer requirements.[47] Biochar was also found under certain circumstances to induce plant systemic responses to foliar fungal diseases and to improve plant responses to diseases caused by soil borne pathogens.
WHAT IS BIOCHAR?
For large scale bulk orders,place
your order with
Tamfeeds/Chardust Ltd
Call us on
0733 714406
0721 560167
Email us at
Improving soil quality
by using Biochar
Control
Biochar
Maize plants grown in soil collected from farm 2, treated at 90% water of field capacity for 4 weeks.
Effects of applying biochar to soils from Embu, Kenya
Effects on crop residue decomposition and soil fertility under varying soil moisture levels.
Ida Åslund, Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences Department of Soil and Environment.
Degree project in Biology Agriculture Programme – Soil and Plant Sciences Institutionen för mark och miljö, SLU Uppsala 2012 Examensarbeten 2012:05

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.chardust.com/seedballs-kenya

41,949,000 SEEDBALLS DISTRIBUTED SINCE SEP. 2016
Low cost & highly efficient forest regeneration.
JUST THROW AND GROW!
charcoal dust
+ nutritious binder
tree seeds in a
protective capsule
low cost
afforestation
Low cost & highly efficient forest regeneration.
SEEDBALLS KENYA
Seedballs Kenya is a collaboration between
Chardust Ltd & Cookswell Jikos.
Seedballs Kenya has pioneered a method of mass producing seedballs for low cost and efficient reintroduction of trees and grass species into degraded areas in Africa.
Seedballs are inexpensive and can be easily dispersed over large areas which are often hard to reach. Our indigenous seeds, supplied and certified by the Kenya Forestry Research Institute (KEFRI), are not treated or altered in any way.
Simply put, we are giving Mother Nature a helping hand by protecting the seeds from predators and sun until the appropriate natural environmental conditions trigger germination.
Direct seeding reduces transplant shock and helps the young trees grow stronger roots which inturn helps them grow into stronger trees. We focus on the rehabilitation of land so damaged by man's activity that natural reforestation is unlikely or not possible at all.
Using seedballs, the reintroduction of tree species that have been partially or completely removed from their original environments is as natural a process as can be undertaken.
What is a Seedball?
A Seedball is simply that - a seed inside of a ball of charcoal dust mixed with some nutritious binders. We are focusing on helping reduce the costs of planting various useful indigenous plant species (mostly trees and grass) in Kenya.
The biochar coating of the ball helps protect the seed within from predators such as birds, rodents and insects and extremes of temperature until the rains arrive! Once soaked, the seedball will help retain and prolong a moist environment around the seed to encourage germination.
CLEANING THE ENVIRONMENT
Discarded charcoal waste is collected from waste piles, helping to clean the environment.
PREPARING THE CHARCOAL
The charcoal dust is sieved, cleaned, milled & nutritious binders are added.
SEEDBALLS ARE CREATED
Indigenous tree & grass seeds are sourced & certified by KEFRI.
Eco Friendly &
Natural
- 100% Natural and 100% GMO free
The tree seeds we use are all sourced from the Kenya Forestry Seed Center who has a stock of seed of about 220 tree species collected from more than 600 localities (provenances) around Kenya. We use this provenance data to guide us in our seed distribution efforts.
- Natural organic seed coating
We use salvaged charcoal dust from urban charcoal vending site in Nairobi- soluble nutitious organic binders promotes successful germination.
- Recycled packaging
We support local small businesses. We source all of our paper bags & packaging materials locally and our printing is done by a small start up company in Nairobi.
- Low carbon manufacturing
Our manufacturing process is low energy and fossil fuel free.
- Eco-friendly marketing
We focus on online marketing to reduce use of paper waste.
We assume the role of missing seed-producing 'Mother Trees' and leave nurture to nature.
Seed
Germination
Seed germination rates in the wild vary widely within species. Some tree seeds, like the Nandi Flame and Siala (Markhamia) require little more than a couple rain showers within a week to sprout. Acacias are rather different, with most species adopting a more conservative approach evolved for harsher less predictable dryland environments.
Acacia seeds are produced in vast numbers and normally have a self-protective dormancy period. Typically the seed does not expect to fall off the tree and find moist fertile soil immediately.
It's outer coating is tough and resilient and the life within is designed to be triggered into germination by appropriate external conditions, such as a week or two of contact with moist soil, heat and chemicals from fire, acids from browser's stomachs or within dung, and external nicks and scratches.
Tree nurseries commonly stimulate acacia seeds to germinate by prolonged soaking, sometimes even in boiling water and/or by nicking (scraping) the bottom of the seed. Some seeds even respond to brief immersion in concentrated sulphuric acid. Batch-wise preparation of seeds in this fashion is suitable for the controlled environment of a tree nursery. It is not recommended to 'trick' acacia seeds into germination when seeds are distributed back into the wild over large areas of unprepared wilderness land with no guaranteed water supply.
DONATE A BAG TODAY
We are partnering with a select 6 organisations that are active in conservation programs within Kenya.
The organisations below are eager to receive your donated seedballs and have committed with us to distribute them within their areas of activity that have the greatest need for reforestation.
Let's reduce CO2 & re-green Kenya together!
Why Use Our Seedballs?
Seedballs are inexpensive.
Seedballs do not require tilling.
Just Throw & grow!
Large quantities of Seedballs can be easily dispersed over wide areas that are often hard to reach.
Biochar coating protects the seed within from predators, such as animals & birds, & extremes of temperatures.
The coating protects the seed until the first rains & then provides a moist environment to encourage germination.
The Biochar coating contains soluble nutritious organic binders that promote successful germination.
Seedballs can be distributed at any time of year and will wait until the first rains to start germination.
Direct seeding with Seedballs results in no transplant shock that is often seen when using plastic bags for planting.
Seedballs allow long healthy tap roots, unconstricted by plastic bags. Long healthy tap roots produce deeper, more robust plants that are also more drought resistant.
Our Seedballs contain indigenous tree & grass seeds, approved & certified by KEFRI that have not been pre-treated in any way.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------