ROOT: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:15:19.214795Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/

Daniel K.
Youngstown, Ohio
Whether you own or rent, you can get a 100% clean energy plan for your home from a renewable energy company you can trust. No installations and no hidden fees.*
Most homes run on dirty energy
Burning fossil fuels pollutes the air, harms our collective health, and causes climate change.
Switch to a renewable energy company
Choosing a 100% clean energy plan for your home can help fight climate change and reduce air pollution. Don’t worry, your lights will shine just as bright.
It’s an easy first step to climate action
Sign up in minutes and get a guaranteed price for renewable energy supply—without the installations or upfront costs of solar panels.
It’s about making an impact
Switching to a renewable energy company can be 5x more effective than going vegetarian, 7x more effective than recycling, and 10x more effective than composting over the course of year.¹
It’s about your future health
Air pollution from burning fossil fuels is a leading cause of long-term health issues¹. Transitioning to green energy company will help improve the quality of the air we breathe and protect our health.
It's about making it easy
You can switch to a clean energy plan in minutes with no installations or interruptions to your current service—and there's no risk to giving it a try with no signup or cancellation fees.
Ready to make an impact?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/plans

The concept of clean energy is quite simply inspiring. You earned a ten because energy should not just be a commodity. Considerations concerning environmental impacts make Inspire a top choice for my family.
Phil M.
Merchantville, New Jersey
Once you sign up, we’ve got you covered! Here’s what to expect as a new Inspire member.
We become your energy supplier
We purchase Renewable Energy Certificates ("RECs") on your behalf and work with your utility to become your energy supplier without interrupting your service.
Same bill, but cleaner
We purchase 100% renewable energy on your behalf and work with your utility to become your energy supplier without interrupting your service.
Here’s what people think

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/impact

A world of impact starts with you
When you sign up with Inspire for your home, you help make a meaningful impact on the planet in a matter of minutes.
8+ Billion
To date, Inspire members have helped avoid over 8.1 billion pounds of carbon emissions (CO2e) from entering Earth’s atmosphere.
Our clean energy plans make it easier than ever to take meaningful climate action. In just one year with us, you can make an impact equivalent to…*
Avoiding 4,604 pounds of coal from being burned
Driving 10,536 fewer miles in your car
Growing 68 tree seedlings for 10 years
Switching 156 incandescent light bulbs to LED
Recycling for 7 years
We're serious about standards
We need to go further and faster to address the climate crisis and build a world powered by clean, renewable sources. Sourcing energy from fossil fuels creates pollution, global warming, and all sorts of toxic stuff that harms the planet and our health. Our solution? Decarbonizing the residential energy sector by making clean energy accessible to all.
Inspire's commitment to clean energy standards
We support clean energy created by the sun, wind, and water.
Inspire's commitment to carbon offset standards
We support nature-based projects, such as avoided deforestation, that help draw down carbon emissions into the earth where they belong.
Join the movement for a better future

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/our-story

We’re on a mission to transform the way people access clean energy and accelerate a net-zero carbon future
Our promise
We promise that these five truths will remain core to who we are and our vision for the future of our world — a world where clean energy is for everyone.
1
Members first
We’re committed to providing our members with a simple, accessible, and transparent energy experience that best meets the needs of their home, their budget and the planet.
2
The future is electric
Our vision is to create a future powered by renewable sources like wind, solar and hydro that protects and preserves our planet for years to come.
3
Clean energy for all
We’re set on making clean energy accessible to not only our members, but to all communities disproportionately affected by climate change around the world.
4
Taking climate action
From finding new ways to make clean energy more accessible to arming our members with the knowledge they need to make a positive impact on the planet — we are committed to driving the clean energy economy forward.
5
Passion powers the world
Passion starts with people. Our employees, member experience teams, and partners are united by a shared commitment to combating climate change.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/blog

* Inspire ensures that 100% of your electricity consumption is sourced from renewable energy generation facilities or otherwise paired with Renewable Energy Certificates (“RECs”) from renewable generation facilities like wind, solar, or low-impact hydro.
† Estimated using data reported by EIA using the average annual electricity consumption of a U.S. home in 2021, EPA EGrid Emission Factor, and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's greenhouse gas equivalencies calculator.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/reviews

The concept of clean energy quite simply is inspiring. You earned a ten because energy should not just be a commodity. Considerations concerning environmental impacts make Inspire a top choice for my family.
Phil M.
Merchantville, New Jersey
Happy customers, happy planet
Check out what our members are saying and why they chose Inspire...
How it all started
Our vision began with one simple insight: the average home burns more than 8,000 pounds of coal each year.
Together we can power a greener future

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://help@inspirecleanenergy.com/

Daniel K.
Youngstown, Ohio
Whether you own or rent, you can get a 100% clean energy plan for your home from a renewable energy company you can trust. No installations and no hidden fees.*
Most homes run on dirty energy
Burning fossil fuels pollutes the air, harms our collective health, and causes climate change.
Switch to a renewable energy company
Choosing a 100% clean energy plan for your home can help fight climate change and reduce air pollution. Don’t worry, your lights will shine just as bright.
It’s an easy first step to climate action
Sign up in minutes and get a guaranteed price for renewable energy supply—without the installations or upfront costs of solar panels.
It’s about making an impact
Switching to a renewable energy company can be 5x more effective than going vegetarian, 7x more effective than recycling, and 10x more effective than composting over the course of year.¹
It’s about your future health
Air pollution from burning fossil fuels is a leading cause of long-term health issues¹. Transitioning to green energy company will help improve the quality of the air we breathe and protect our health.
It's about making it easy
You can switch to a clean energy plan in minutes with no installations or interruptions to your current service—and there's no risk to giving it a try with no signup or cancellation fees.
Ready to make an impact?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/your-impact/

A world of impact starts with you
When you sign up with Inspire for your home, you help make a meaningful impact on the planet in a matter of minutes.
8+ Billion
To date, Inspire members have helped avoid over 8.1 billion pounds of carbon emissions (CO2e) from entering Earth’s atmosphere.
Our clean energy plans make it easier than ever to take meaningful climate action. In just one year with us, you can make an impact equivalent to…*
Avoiding 4,604 pounds of coal from being burned
Driving 10,536 fewer miles in your car
Growing 68 tree seedlings for 10 years
Switching 156 incandescent light bulbs to LED
Recycling for 7 years
We're serious about standards
We need to go further and faster to address the climate crisis and build a world powered by clean, renewable sources. Sourcing energy from fossil fuels creates pollution, global warming, and all sorts of toxic stuff that harms the planet and our health. Our solution? Decarbonizing the residential energy sector by making clean energy accessible to all.
Inspire's commitment to clean energy standards
We support clean energy created by the sun, wind, and water.
Inspire's commitment to carbon offset standards
We support nature-based projects, such as avoided deforestation, that help draw down carbon emissions into the earth where they belong.
Join the movement for a better future

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/answer-center

Frequently asked questions
Skip To Section
About Inspire
Our headquarters is located in Houston, TX. Inspire’s retail electricity services are currently available in DC, DE, IL, MA, NJ, NY, OH, and PA.
Our company was founded in 2014 in response to the voices of millions of people demanding that greater action be taken to combat climate change. We knew that the biggest step we could take toward a better future was to help turn the grid 100 percent green.
So Inspire set out to put the power in everyone’s hands, giving us ways to avoid carbon emissions and help accelerate the world’s transition to clean energy right from home.
With the help of our Inspire community, we're transforming the energy landscape one home at a time.
Inspire offers clean energy plans for electricity.
When you sign up for an Inspire Clean Energy plan, you get access to 100% U.S.-made renewable wind, solar, or hydro energy for your home. We do this by purchasing renewable energy certificates (RECs) from renewable energy projects located across the U.S. for each megawatt-hour (MWh) of energy our customers use.
At Inspire, we're not just creating a clean energy experience — we're creating a clean energy movement. Members receive access to clean energy plans for their homes and peace of mind from a predictable price for their home’s electricity supply. Signing up only takes a few minutes, then our members can rest easy knowing they are doing something positive for the planet. In fact, on average, one year of being an Inspire member can be as impactful as 7 years of recycling.
Inspire is a clean energy company that believes in creating simple, rewarding experiences for our customers. We want to make accessing renewable energy sources like wind and solar as easy as possible.
We offer a variety of plans for your home’s energy supply depending on your location and needs.
In deregulated states, we offer our energy services through our licensed supplier, Inspire Energy Holdings, LLC (Electricity: DC Dkt # EA2019-10, DE Dkt # 19-2018, IL Dkt # 17-0083, MA License # CS-117, MD License # IR-3295, NJ License # ESL-0156, Licensed by the NY PSC, OH Certificate # 15-963E(3), PA License # A-2013-237-6082.
We are working hard to bring access to clean energy to as many homes across the U.S. as possible and can’t wait until we’re available in your area, too! If you’d like to receive an update about when we are arriving in your area, sign up for our waitlist. In the meantime, follow us on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter to learn more about the future of clean energy, how you can make a difference, and the work we’re doing in communities like yours.
Many local utilities connect you with energy sourced from fossil fuels, like natural gas and coal, which have to be burned to generate energy. But the burning of these fossil fuels adds harmful emissions into the atmosphere, which contributes to the effects of climate change.
When you choose Inspire Clean Energy, we match your energy usage with Renewable Energy Certificates ("RECs") so you can rest easy knowing you’re helping achieve a net-zero carbon home.
When you sign up for one of our energy supply plans, Inspire becomes your energy supplier. You’ll still pay your utility company directly as usual — the only difference is that you’ll see Inspire listed as your energy supplier under the "supply" or “generation” section of your bill. This section is often listed after your distribution charges, which your utility still controls. If you have trouble finding Inspire on your next utility bill or have questions about how billing works on your specific plan, feel free to reach out to our Member Experience Team at (866) 403-2620 or via email (help@inspirecleanenergy.com), and we’ll be happy to walk you through it!
In all cases, your local utility company will still be responsible for delivering energy to your home and handling any service interruptions.
General Questions
Yes*. Homes with solar panels often still require a bit more energy than their panels can generate on a daily basis, especially if weather conditions are less than sunny. Signing up for clean energy with Inspire can help cover the extra energy your home needs while supporting the generation of more renewable energy on the power grid.
*Excludes PA First Energy Utilities.
Your utility company is still your primary contact for all matters related to the delivery of electricity to your home. Your utility is responsible for the distribution of power and any service disruptions, even when Inspire is your electricity supplier.
No, there are no current federal tax benefits for becoming an Inspire member — but there are a whole lot of environmental benefits, including carbon emissions avoidance associated with your electricity usage and getting closer to a net-zero carbon home.
In a deregulated energy state, policymakers have given consumers the freedom to choose an energy supplier as opposed to only being able to receive energy supply services from the local utility company.
Your service start date is determined by your local utility company but can occur as soon as a few days or take up to two billing cycles. Inspire and your utility will send notices prior to confirming your start date.
No, we are not. Retail energy suppliers are not affiliated with your local utility company. We are, however, licensed to supply energy on your behalf through your local utility company's bill, and we will work with your utility company to switch your energy supply to Inspire.
After you sign up, we’ll take care of all the details for you. We will notify your local utility about your request to switch, and before you know it, your home or business will be supporting 100% clean energy.
Switching to Inspire
Signing up for an Inspire clean energy plan is easy and only takes a few minutes. If you'd like to sign up online, simply follow the steps below. Otherwise, you can call us toll-free at 866-937-5207 and we’ll walk you through the plan options available in your area.
- Simply follow this link and enter your home’s address.
- You will be presented with Inspire Clean Energy plan options so that you can choose the best one to meet your home's needs.
- You can enroll in minutes by entering a few more details, like your name and utility account number. Once you sign up, we will take care of all the details and send you a copy of your service agreement. We will also notify your local utility about your request to switch.
No. Inspire makes it easy for you to access 100% clean energy plans for your home — that includes making sure no installations or equipment are required and that your service is never interrupted. We match 100% of your home’s energy usage with Renewable Energy Certificates ("RECs") so you can rest easy knowing you’re helping support our planet.
Yes, you can cancel your Inspire service at any time with no cancelation fees. Reach out to our Member Experience Team by email at help@inspirecleanenergy.com, chat with us, or call us directly toll-free at (866) 403-2620 Monday through Friday, 9 am to 6 pm ET if you have any questions about your service.
We believe that everyone deserves to enjoy the benefits of clean energy, and we do our best to work with your utility company and billing structures. In some cases, Inspire will become part of your monthly budget charge without any extra work. In other situations, your budget may need to be adjusted. If you’re not sure how Inspire will work with your current billing structure, reach out to your utility to confirm if your budget is compatible with Inspire. If not, you may be able to request to have your budget adjusted to make it compatible with Inspire.
You can seamlessly switch your electricity supply to Inspire’s 100% clean energy plan without any interruptions to your current service.
Once you sign up for a clean energy plan with Inspire, the only thing that changes for you is your energy supplier. We’ll work with your utility to take care of all the details to make sure your switch is simple and seamless—with no disruptions to your service.
Your utility company will continue to manage the billing experience and you will continue to pay your utility each month. Moving forward, you will simply see Inspire Clean Energy listed under the “supply” portion of your bill.
Please note that regardless of which plan you choose, your local utility company will still be responsible for delivering energy to your home and handling any service interruptions.
If you have any questions, please refer to your plan’s terms of service or reach out to us toll-free at 866-403-2620 or at help@inspirecleanenergy.com for more information.
Your service start date is determined by your local utility company but can occur as soon as a few days or take up to two billing cycles. Inspire and your utility will send notices prior to confirming your start date.
It's important to note that your utility's pricing can change seasonally. While we can't guarantee savings, Inspire offers predictable, transparent pricing and peace of mind with no hidden fees, sign-up fees, or cancellation fees.
With your Inspire plan, you are guaranteed a predictable price per kWh or a predictable subscription price per month.
Inspire wants to make accessing 100% renewable energy as easy as possible. If you incur a switching fee from your current supplier, depending on where you live, you may be eligible for reimbursement of up to $150. For more information, please reach out to our Member Experience Team at (866) 403-2620 or via email (help@inspirecleanenergy.com) to review all options Inspire has available.
Clean Energy
Our planet’s future depends on clean energy. Today, nearly 27% of greenhouse gas emissions in the US come from the generation of the electricity we use to power our homes and businesses every day. Unfortunately, the majority of that electricity — at least 63% — comes from non-renewable fossil fuels, like coal and natural gas, that create emissions that harm our environment and contribute to the effects of climate change.
But clean energy can change that. Clean energy is good for the environment because it doesn’t add any harmful emissions into the atmosphere. By supporting the generation of clean energy, you can help accelerate our national power grid’s reliance on energy from non-renewable fossil fuels and more on energy from clean, renewable sources. That means that the more homes there are supporting clean energy, the cleaner our planet’s future will become.
Renewable energy is energy that is created from natural resources that can quickly restore, or “renew,” themselves on their own. We’re able to harness this kind of energy from the sun, the wind, and even from organic plant material. So as long as the sun keeps shining, the wind keeps blowing, and plants keep growing, we’ll never have to worry about these resources generating enough electricity.
Meanwhile, non-renewable energy is created by using natural resources that we only have access to in limited amounts and can’t restore or renew themselves on their own. This sort of non-renewable energy often comes from coal, oil, and gases. And not only do we have limited amounts of these resources that will eventually run out, but they also emit harmful emissions into our atmosphere when they’re used to generate electricity.
The good news is that you can choose which type of energy you support when powering your home — and we can help.
Energy consumption at the home or business level is typically measured in kilowatt-hours (kWh). A kilowatt refers to 1,000 watts, which is a measure of power. A kWh, on the other hand, is a measure of energy and represents the average number of kilowatts of energy that all of your devices pull from the power grid each hour. Your home’s monthly kWh usage is measured using the meter that is connected to your house. When this meter is read by your utility company, they’re able to assess your home’s monthly energy usage and calculate your monthly bill.
Just like a smoothie, the power grid that you get your energy from is made up of lots of different ingredients. Many power companies connect you with energy sourced from fossil fuels, like natural gas and coal, that have to be burned to generate energy. But the burning of these fossil fuels adds harmful emissions into the atmosphere, which contributes to the effects of climate change. When you choose Inspire, we purchase and retire renewable energy certificates (RECs) representing the environmental attributes associated with the applicable amount of renewable energy produced from renewable energy generation facilities in the US. You will not have electricity from a specific generation facility delivered directly to your home, but your purchase ensures that renewable energy equal to 100% of your electricity usage is produced using renewable resources and delivered to the US power grid. Inspire also publishes environmental information about its electricity products.
There are a large number of reasons why more and more people are switching to clean energy, some of which include:
- Protect the environment for yourself and future generations. The most common reason is to shrink your personal carbon footprint and decrease the damage done to the environment through the use of non-renewable energy. More households using less energy (or cleaner) will eventually result in a reduction in damage to the ozone layer, helping improve our air quality and reduce and reverse the effects of climate change.
- Use less energy. We're committed to helping you use less energy and are particularly fond of the motto, “the cleanest energy is the energy that you don’t use!”
- Increase the demand for renewable energy. When you sign up for Inspire, we’re able to purchase and retire more renewable energy certificates (RECs) to match 100% of our members’ electricity consumption. One REC represents the environmental benefits of one megawatt hour of renewable energy. For every unit of renewable electricity generated, an equivalent amount of RECs are produced, and by purchasing and pairing RECs with your electricity service, you are supporting the continued use and development of renewable electricity. Increased demand for, and generation of, renewable electricity helps to reduce carbon emissions and provide other local and global environmental benefits in the region where the renewable electricity generator is located.
Clean energy, sometimes referred to as renewable energy, is energy that comes from sources that generate zero emissions. Solar, wind, hydro, and geothermal energy are all examples of clean energy sources. And since these resources replenish themselves, we never have to worry about running out of them. Non-renewable energy resources like coal, oil, and natural gas are only available in limited supply and have a negative impact on the environment when converted into power.
A wind farm refers to a group of wind turbines that work together to harvest naturally occurring wind energy and then provide the resulting clean power to the power grid without adding pollutants or carbon emissions to the atmosphere. Learn all about the clean energy generated by wind farms here.
Whether the energy is generated at a coal plant or a wind farm, all the energy that’s produced for public consumption eventually makes its way onto regional power grids located across the country. Once the energy makes it to the power grid, it is carried via high-voltage transmission lines to demand centers at which point distribution power lines carry that very same energy directly into homes like yours.
While both clean energy and renewable energy are good for the environment, they sometimes come from slightly different sources. Clean energy is energy that comes from sources that generate zero emissions while renewable energy is energy that comes from sources that can replenish themselves.
Some types of energy are both clean and renewable, while others are renewable, but not necessarily clean. For example, solar, wind, hydro, and geothermal energy are all considered clean and renewable, but energy generated by burning organic matter like wood, while renewable, is not considered clean because it emits smoke, which contains high levels of carbon dioxide (CO2).
One carbon credit represents one ton of carbon emissions that were avoided or otherwise offset. Carbon credits are often used by businesses and countries in order to comply with regulations and commitments to reduce their output of toxic emissions. Carbon credits can be purchased to offset emissions, which provides financial support to many carbon-neutral or carbon-offsetting efforts, such as renewable energy projects, forest protection, and reforestation.
RECs, on the other hand, are specific to renewable energy production. They can be purchased by residential and commercial customers to match their energy consumption with clean energy.
A Renewable Energy Certificate, or REC, represents the environmental benefits created by one megawatt-hour (MWh) of renewable energy. For every unit of renewable electricity generated, an equivalent amount of RECs are produced, and by purchasing and pairing RECs with your electricity service, you are supporting the continued use and development of renewable electricity. Increased demand for, and generation of, renewable electricity help reduce carbon emissions and provide other local and global environmental benefits in the region where the renewable electricity generator is located.
RECs are verified and tracked by third parties, ensuring that just one REC is awarded per MWh of renewable energy produced and can only be bought and sold once. By producing RECs alongside the energy commodity, renewable energy projects are compensated for the environmental benefit they provide. Over time, this can stimulate increased demand for clean energy generation, which is good for the grid and for the planet.
Inspire Plans
When you sign up for one of our 100% Clean Energy Plans, Inspire becomes your electricity supplier. You’ll still pay your utility company directly as usual — the only difference is that you’ll see Inspire listed as your electricity supplier under the "supply" or “generation” section of your bill.
When you become an Inspire member, we ensure that 100% of your electricity consumption is matched with energy from clean energy generation facilities or otherwise paired with Renewable Energy Certificates ("RECs"). As an Inspire member, you not only avoid the carbon emissions associated with your home's electricity use, but you also support the continued use and development of clean electricity.
Inspire offers a variety of 100% clean energy plans to meet your individual needs. They include:
Subscription Plans: Our subscription plans offer a monthly price for electricity supply no matter how much your home needs, giving you peace of mind, cost control, and ability to budget.
Pay-per-use Plans: With our rate/kWh plans, you are protected from market fluctuations as your rate for each kilowatt hour (kWh) of electricity used remains constant. Please note though that your monthly electricity bill may still vary based on the actual amount of electricity consumed.
Your customized subscription price is based on several factors, including all of the historical usage data from your home's meter, home size, occupancy, efficiency, and more.
No, Inspire typically accounts for 50-60 percent of your total bill. The other 40-50 percent of your bill includes transmission and distribution, which is charged separately by your utility and still fluctuates based on usage.
Our 100% Clean Energy Subscription plans offer a monthly subscription rate for electricity supply no matter how much your home needs, helping you balance your budget throughout the year. We like to think of it as an insurance policy for your home's electricity. Subscriptions offer peace of mind and allow you to take control of your budget without having to worry about any unexpected bills.
Our plans are just as unique as you are. When you enter your address on our website, we'll analyze your home’s unique energy needs and develop a customized offer that’s personalized for you.
Billing
With Inspire, you’ll receive one consolidated bill from your utility company, and you’ll see Inspire listed as your electricity supplier. In other words, we make the actual purchase of electricity on your behalf (Inspire will replace the supply charges that were previously charged by your utility). Electricity supply typically makes up 50 to 60 percent of your total electricity bill. Note: Your utility will still charge for distribution services, as they always have.
Your utility company will continue to read your meter, send one monthly bill that includes both Inspire’s and the utility’s charges, and respond to any power outages, service interruptions, or other emergencies should they occur.
To see a sample bill, click on your utility below:
- AEP Columbus Southern Power
- AEP Ohio
- Atlantic City Electric
- BGE
- Central Hudson
- Columbia Gas
- ComEd
- Con Edison
- Delmarva
- Dominion East
- Duke
- Duke - Gas
- Duquesne
- Elizabethtown Gas
- Eversource
- JCP&L
- Met-Ed
- National Grid
- New Jersey Natural Gas
- NYSEG
- Ohio Edison
- ORE
- PECO
- PECO - Gas
- Penelec
- Penn Power
- Peoples Gas
- Pepco
- Philadelphia Gas Works
- PPL
- PSE&G
- PSE&G - Gas
- Rochester Gas & Electric
- South Jersey Gas
- The Cleveland Illuminating Company
- Toledo Edison
- UGI
- West Penn Power
No. You will continue to pay your utility directly each month as you normally do and will see Inspire listed under the "supply" or “generation" portion of your bill. Inspire works alongside your local utility company to ensure a seamless transition to Inspire with no disruption to your service.
With our Subscription plan, Inspire analyzes your home’s unique energy needs and develops a customized flat monthly price based on factors including the size of your home and historical energy usage as well as current energy market conditions.
With our Pay-per-use plan, you are protected from market fluctuations, as the rate for each kilowatt-hour (kWh) of electricity used remains constant throughout your initial contract term. Please note that your monthly electricity bill may still vary based on the actual amount of electricity used.
Your utility company will still manage the billing experience and you will continue to pay your utility each month.
Regulatory
Inspire does not currently offer variable rate plans for new customers. If you are an existing Inspire customer in Illinois or Massachusetts who previously enrolled in a variable rate plan, you can look up the rate for your next billing period below or contact our Customer Support Team toll-free at (866) 403-2620 for this information.
Inspire Energy Holdings, LLC is proud to operate in the following states and district:
- Delaware (Dkt. # 19-2018)
- Illinois (Dkt. # 17-0083)
- Maryland (Lic. # IR-3295)
- Massachusetts (Lic. # CS-117)
- New Jersey (Lic. # ESL-0156)
- New York (Lic. by NY PSC)
- Ohio (Cert. # 15-963E(3))
- Pennsylvania (Lic. # A-2013-237-6082)
- Washington, D.C. (Dkt. # EA2019-10)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/policies-disclosures

Policies and Disclosures
Skip To Section
Promotional Policies
- One Month Free Promotion | Terms and Conditions
- $50 Sign Up Bonus | Terms & Conditions
- 10% Cash Back Terms and Conditions
- $75 Reward Card Promotion | Terms & Conditions
- $100 Off Affiliate Offer Promotion Terms and Conditions
- Promotion and Rewards Terms and Conditions
- Cropsticks Earth Month Giveaway Official Rules
- First Month Free Promotion Terms and Conditions
Environmental Disclosures
- Annual New Jersey Environmental Disclosure
- Annual Ohio Environmental Disclosure
- Bi-Annual District of Columbia Environmental Disclosure
- Bi-Annual Maryland Environmental Disclosure
- Quarterly Delaware Environmental Disclosure
- Quarterly Illinois Environmental Disclosure
- Quarterly Massachusetts Environmental Disclosure
- Quarterly Ohio Environmental Disclosure
Sustainability Disclosures
Together we can power a greener future
Get renewable today→

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/blog/sustainable-living/how-to-calculate-kwh-kilowatt-hours

How to Calculate Kilowatt-Hours (kWh Calculation)
Inspire Clean Energy
8 min read
category: Sustainable Living
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyEach and every one of our electricity bills revolve around one thing: our kWh (kilowatt-hour) usage. The problem is most of us are not exactly sure what that means. And since this measurement dictates how much we end up paying, it’s a good idea to understand what it is and how to calculate it for your home.
What is a kW and a kWh?
A “watt” is the unit used to measure quantities of power and is named after the Scottish inventor and engineer James Watt (1736-1819). A kilowatt, or kW, is equal to a thousand watts. So the number of kW is the amount of power an electrical device uses in order to run, and a kilowatt-hour (kWh) is the amount of energy that an appliance uses every hour. For example, if your electric radiator is rated at 3 kW and is left on for an hour, it would use 3 kWh of electricity.
More importantly, a kWh is the unit that electricity suppliers use to bill you for the electricity you use. They do this by either reading your usage for you, or by having you send them the reading from your meter. Usually, you are given a unit charge for your electricity; this multiplied by the number of kWh you use gives you the cost of the electricity on your bill.
How do you calculate the number of kWh used per day?
If you want to know how many kWh you use daily, simply divide your total kWh number by the number of days covered by the bill. In reality, you are not going to use exactly the same amount of electricity every day. This changes depending on how long you spend at home, what you do while you are there, the time of year, and the temperature.
You can even work out the number of kWh used by each appliance per day based on how long each is on. If you use a 3-kWh heater as an example, it will use 15 kWh of electricity if you have it on for 5 hours.
How do you calculate the number of kWh from watts?
If you want to know how many kWh an appliance uses and already know how many watts it uses, the calculation is pretty straightforward.
First, you need to convert the number of watts into kW. To do that, you divide the number of watts by 1,000. So 100 W is 0.1 kW, 60 W is 0.06 kW, and 1500 W is 1.5 kW.
To get the number of kWh, you just multiply the number of kW by the number of hours the appliance is used.
For example, a device rated at 1,500 W that’s on for 2.5 hours:
1500 ÷ 1000 = 1.5. That’s 1.5 kW. 1.5 x 2.5 = 3.75. So, a 1,500 W appliance that’s on for 2.5 hours uses 3.75 kWh.
How do I calculate kW to kWh?
Calculating kWh from kW is even easier, as you already know the number of kW for the appliance. All you need to do is multiply the kW number by the time in hours. The 3-kW heater, if used for 3.5 hours, would use (3 x 3.5) 10.5 kWh of electricity.
How many kWh is normal for a home?
In 2019, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, the average American home used 877 kWh of electricity every month, or 10,649 kWh each year. This varies depending on which part of the country you live in. The five states with the lowest electricity consumption include Hawaii, Maine, California, Vermont, and Rhode Island, all with about 500-600 kWh every month. The top five are Louisiana, Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama, and North Dakota. All of these use more than 1,200 kWh every month on average.
The variation is partly climate-related, but construction regulations and the age of houses also play a part. We have become much more aware of how well-built and insulated homes are far more energy-efficient than older properties. In addition, today there are numerous ways to make homes more energy-efficient, such as using clean energy and switching to a renewable energy company.
What is the kWh usage for common household items?
The electricity consumption of home appliances varies a lot. The rules are that anything that heats or cools is likely to be a big power user and that newer models tend to be more efficient than older units.
- A furnace with a fan that uses 10 kW per hour is likely to be used for extended periods. In 12 hours, that would be 120 kWh.
- A 1,500 W portable heater will use 1.5 kW per hour. In 4 hours, it would use 6 kWh.
- A 1.5-ton heat pump without heat strips is rated at around 3 kW, so if on for 8 hours, it would use 24 kWh.
- An 8 kBtu air-conditioner uses 2.93 kWh of electricity every hour. If on for 12 hours, that is 35.16 kWh.
- An oven is around 2.3 kWh every hour.
- An old-style 15-cubic-foot refrigerator uses 150 kWh per month. By contrast, a 17-cubic-foot Energy Star refrigerator uses just 35 kWh per month.
- A 50-60” LED/4k UHD TV is about 0.071 kWh every hour, so in an evening it might use around 0.426 kWh.
- A 50” LCD TV is just 0.016 kWh, so in that same six-hour period it would use just 0.096 kWh.
- A desktop computer, when in use, uses about 0.05 kWh per hour, and in standby, this drops to 0.004 kWh.
- A laptop is 0.02-0.05 kWh per hour.
- A 300 W halogen lamp is 0.3 kWh per hour. Compare that with a 38 W LED lamp (equivalent to a 150 W incandescent), which consumes just 0.038 kWh.
- A hot wash, cold rinse wash uses about 2.3 kWh per load, and a dryer uses somewhere between 2.5-4 kWh per load.
- A vacuum cleaner uses something like 0.75 kWh per hour.
- An iron uses 1.08 kWh per hour.
- A hairdryer consumes 1.5 kWh per hour.
How do I calculate how many kWh an appliance uses?
If you want to know how to calculate kWh usage, you can usually find the electricity rating of an appliance in the instructions, on the manufacturer’s website, or on a label attached to the product. This figure will be the power consumption of the appliance. If you multiply this figure in kW by the number of hours it is on, you get the kWh.
If you are unsure of how to do this or want to check the manufacturer’s rating, you can buy a simple plug-in usage monitor that will measure kWh along with voltage, amps, cost, and so on. They are around $20-$25 and are a useful method of checking the figures are accurate.
Why is my kWh usage so high?
If you think your electricity usage is above what it should be, there are several things you should consider. If your house is old, it is likely it was built when the value of insulation was either not understood or unavailable. The construction industry has come a long way in the last 20 years, and today’s houses are like tightly sealed boxes compared to older homes.
The climate is also a major factor. If you live in an area that experiences very cold winters, super hot summers, or both, your energy usage will reflect this.
Also, older appliances really are more energy-hungry than newer ones. Not long ago, TVs in standby mode often used almost as much energy as when they were in use, today they hardly use any.
How do I reduce my energy usage?
If you want to reduce your electricity usage and lower your energy bills, there are a few things you can do:
Kilowatt-hours give you a real handle on how much electricity you consume and how you can reduce that figure. You can see which appliances are high-use items and which are more economical. When looking to buy a product, the kWh rating is important to consider.
Not only does it give you an idea of how the way you use electricity in the home can be improved, but the cost per kWh gives you a direct comparison of one electricity supplier with another.
If you’re looking for a way to reduce your carbon footprint, Inspire's 100% clean energy plan is an easy way to do your part for the planet.
Find out more about getting a clean electricity plan and learn more about the benefits of renewable energy today.
We are a renewable energy company passionate about empowering our customers to do the right thing for the environment, themselves, and their families. We want to make it easy and affordable to choose clean energy.
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyInspire Clean Energy
We're on a mission to transform the way people access clean energy and accelerate a net-zero carbon future.
Learn more about Inspire →Explore more
Recent Posts
Top Articles

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/blog/clean-energy-101/average-cost-utilities-for-house

How Much Are Utilities Per Month For A House?
Inspire Clean Energy
8 min read
category: Clean Energy 101
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyHow to estimate utility costs for your house
Paying utility bills is just something we all have to do — unless of course you find a way to live entirely off the grid — but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t be mindful about how much you pay for them each month. It can also be difficult to know what you should expect to pay when moving into a new home, especially if you are moving to a different state.
In this guide, we will look at what utilities are, what their average cost is, how that cost varies, and what you can do to minimize your electricity costs. That way you’ll know whether you’re paying the right amount and discover where you can reduce your expenses.
What are home utilities?
Home utilities provide us with the services that allow us to live comfortably. We use them all the time and they have to be budgeted for. Most of us couldn’t live well without them! Utilities such as water, electricity, and gas help keep our homes comfortable and lives fulfilled.
What would be considered the main types of home utilities?
There are six services that are commonly agreed upon as being basic home utilities:
Most of us can’t do without power, water, or trash removal, and these days it would be difficult to live your life without internet access as more and more businesses move to remote working.
How much should I budget for utilities for my house?
How much you budget for your utilities depends on several factors:
Where you live: Utility bills vary on a state-by-state basis and by region or county within each state. Part of this comes down to the geographical location and part the cost of living of the neighborhood you live in. For instance, Washington state is not an expensive place compared to the national average, but the Seattle area specifically can be much, much higher.
How big your home is and how many people live there: The bigger your home is and the more people who live there, the more the utilities are going to cost. A one bedroom apartment will have lower utility bills than a three-bedroom house, which in turn will be less expensive than a six-bedroom mansion. Similarly, two people live more cheaply than three.
The climate and time of year: Living in areas of the US that experience extreme temperatures will make your utility bills larger than the average. The greatest use of power in a home is for heating and cooling. The technologies for warming a house in the winter or cooling it in the summer are very power dependent. Improved construction techniques and increased insulation in homes have reduced the amount of electricity and natural gas required for keeping a home at a comfortable temperature, but the climate still plays an important part in defining your energy costs.
How much are average utilities for a house?
Across the US, homeowners should set aside around $400 a month for their home's utilities. Oftentimes, the breakdown looks something like this:
- Electricity: $117.65
- Natural gas: $72.10
- Water: $70.39
- Trash/Recycling: $14.00
- Internet: $60.00
- Cable: $85.00
These are very much average figures. Usage month-by-month varies significantly depending on the factors mentioned above, but these amounts do give a general picture of the costs involved.
What should my utilities cost?
The national averages should give you a guide as to what your utilities will add up to, but these are ballpark figures only. You have to factor in all the variables: your home's location, size, climate, and the cost of living in your neighborhood. If you are buying a property, you should ask the vendor for copies of recent utility bills. If they refuse, think twice before continuing. This is one area where the information should be transparent.
Are utilities a fixed cost?
The amount your utilities cost varies according to the time of year and the price of the utilities themselves. For instance, in the winter, especially in the northern part of the country, daylight hours are short and the use of electricity for lighting increases. When it’s hot or cold, you have to pay for heating and cooling. During the summer vacation, more people spend more time at home, and use of electronic devices and appliances rises. These sort of variables are almost infinite.
And the price of utilities can be subject to change unless you’re on a fixed plan.
This can make budgeting for utilities a struggle. Not knowing quite what to expect with your finances always makes life a little more difficult.
At Inspire, we offer fixed plans that make estimating your electricity costs much easier, while doing good for the environment, too! Our fixed plans offer the security of knowing exactly what your bill will cost each month either by kWh or through a subscription.
With our subscription plan, you'll pay exactly the same amount every month, based on your energy usage and the profile of your home, rather than being charged per kWh. Predicting your finances is a lot easier when you know exactly how much you need to put aside every month.
What are the monthly costs of owning a home?
Owning a home involves a variety of costs that can recur every month, seasonally, or even yearly. First there is your mortgage payment (unless you’re lucky enough to own your home outright) and then the addition of your utilities – electricity, gas, water, trash removal, internet, and cable, if you want it. Of course, there will also be property taxes, which vary significantly depending on where you live.
You must also budget for repairs and replacing of appliances, and you may need to put aside Homeowners’ Association fees. Homes, even new ones, require maintenance regularly. Try to put some money into a savings account for these repairs in the future.
How much do utilities cost for a 2000-square-foot house?
For an average American family, a 2000-square-foot house provides enough space for four or five people to live comfortably with three or four good-sized bedrooms. The median size of a home in the US has grown from 1,525 square feet in 1973 to a much larger 2,435 square feet in 2018, so a 2000 square foot house is pretty close to that average.
Median monthly utility costs on a state-by-state basis run from around $350 in New Mexico, Utah, and Colorado to about $400 in New York State and California up to a high of $450+ in Florida and South Carolina.
How much electricity does a 1500-square-foot house use?
Although relatively smaller than average, the monthly costs for electricity will only be slightly less than the national average, though that depends on how many people live in the home. The size will certainly lower the heating and cooling costs somewhat, but other power usage, water costs, trash colleciton, internet, and cable will be pretty much the same.
According to the US Energy Information Administration’s (EIA) figures for 2018, the average monthly costs for electricity run from under $100 in Colorado, Idaho, Wisconsin, Illinois, and Maine to the average of about $117 in Oklahoma, Rhode Island, and Arkansas to a high of $168 in Hawaii and $153 in Connecticut.
How much electricity does a four-bedroom house use?
A four-bedroom house is close to the national average, though the number of people who live there has shrunk from 3.01 in 1973 to 2.53 in 2018. So the figures for the 1500-square-foot house above are still ballpark. Don’t forget that locality matters. Though the average electricity cost in Washington state is running at $93.34 a month, the Seattle area is more than double that.
What pulls the most electricity in a home?
Keeping your home's temperature comfortable is the most power-hungry part of an electricity bill, with a central air conditioner using around 47% of the total. Water heaters take another 14%, washer and dryer an additional 13%, and keeping your home illuminated takes 12%, depending on the type of lightbulbs you are using.
How can I lower my home electricity bill?
There are lots of ways you can reduce your electricity bill, many of which we discuss in our blog post, Why is My Electricity Bill So High?.
We all need utilities, and they certainly aren't free. But by being aware of what they should be, you can make sure you are not squandering your hard-earned cash and keep better control of your budget.
At Inspire, we can help you do this by eliminating changes in pricing or even ensuring you always pay the same amount. On top of this, Inspire ensures you are using electricity from clean, renewable sources, helping the country and the planet!
At Inspire Clean Energy, we are a renewable energy company passionate about empowering our customers to do the right thing for the environment, themselves, and their families. We want to make it easy and affordable to choose clean energy.
Not sure if renewable energy is right for you? Read the latest Inspire Energy reviews to see how we've helped customers make the switch.
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyInspire Clean Energy
We're on a mission to transform the way people access clean energy and accelerate a net-zero carbon future.
Learn more about Inspire →Explore more
Recent Posts
Top Articles

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/blog/clean-energy-101/types-of-alternative-energy

What is Alternative Energy: Types of Alternative Energy Sources
Inspire Clean Energy
0 min read
category: Clean Energy 101
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyWhat are alternative energy sources?
Alternative energy refers to energy sources other than fossil fuels (such as coal, petroleum, and diesel) and includes all renewable and nuclear energy sources.
Although nuclear energy is not as bad for the environment as fossil fuels, it still isn’t classified as a renewable energy source because nuclear material cannot be replenished within a human’s lifetime. Nuclear energy is produced by using elements like uranium and thorium, which cannot be replenished and have a finite amount in existence.
What is an advantage to alternative energy technology?
The major advantage of alternative energy technology is that it won’t run out. Our days using fossil fuels are numbered, and so any and all alternative energy sources are beneficial over traditional sources. Another huge advantage is that many of them do not require the same damaging and expensive extraction techniques, as much of it is available to us here on the surface.
If you have been thinking of lowering your reliance on fossil fuels, and are wondering how to get started, you can look into changing energy plans.
What are the different types of alternative energy?
There is a surprising number of forms of alternative energy, some well known, while others are relatively unheard of. They are:
- Wind energy: This is one of the cleanest and most accessible sources of energy. Wind power is sustainable and does not release carbon emissions as a by-product. It’s also entirely renewable, as there will always be wind. Energy sources such as fossil fuels often fluctuate in price. A typical wind farm repays its carbon footprint in around six months or even less, which provides decades of zero-emission energy that displaces fossil fuel energy.
- Solar energy: This is probably the most commonly known source of alternative energy, and for good reason. Solar energy is completely renewable, and the costs expended on installation can be made back through energy bill savings. The only potential setback of solar panels is that they are prone to deterioration over time and aren’t completely weather-safe in countries with erratic weather conditions.
- Nuclear energy: This is taken from the core of an atom, which must be split to gain its energy, a process called fission. This is harnessed in a power plant, where rods of nuclear material adjust how much electricity is produced. The more rods that are present during the chain reaction, the slower and more controlled the reaction will be. Removing the rods will allow a stronger chain reaction and create more electricity. Whether or not nuclear energy should be considered renewable is a constant debate.
- Hydrogen gas: This is an important energy carrier and a potential alternative clean energy fuel with a notable stake in the global fuel market. However, today, hydrogen gas is largely produced from fossil fuels, which pose a threat to the environment. A more sustainable version of this energy source has been described as biohydrogen, and there are hopes it will be derived from organic, biodegradable waste in the future.
- Tidal energy: This method of energy production is still fairly new and has only produced a small amount of energy so far, so it will be a long time before we see real results from tidal energy.
- Biomass energy: This type of energy can come in several forms. Biomass energy can include anything from burning wood to burning waste, as many countries do now. With biomass in the form of burning wood, the heat generated is often equivalent to that of a central heating system, and the costs involved tend to be lower than a household or building that uses fossil fuels. It’s not, however, a green energy source, even if it is technically renewable.
- Biofuels: Biofuels are somewhat similar to biomass, but biofuels use biological matter (animal and plant) to create energy. Biofuel is renewable when plants are used because, of course, plants can always be grown. However, they do require dedicated machinery for extraction, which can indirectly contribute to increased emissions even if biofuels themselves don’t. In 2020, total biofuels consumption accounted for about 5% of total U.S. transportation sector energy consumption.
What are examples of alternative energy?
Besides the seven energy sources listed above, other alternative energy sources include geothermal power, wave energy, hydroelectric energy, solar thermal energy and even space solar energy.
Geothermal energy is that generated in the earth and harnessed, while wave and hydroelectric energy harness the power of water. Of course, solar thermal energy and space solar energy are other ways of harnessing solar energy.
Are there any companies that use renewable energy sources to provide electricity to homes?
Yes! Inspire is a clean energy company that provides clean and sustainable energy options like wind power to homes across the U.S. Since launching in 2014, we've helped avoid seven billion pounds of carbon from being emitted into the atmosphere.
We are dedicated to creating a transformative smart energy experience that’s best for our customers, our partners, our team, and of course, our planet.
Why are alternative fuels called green energy?
Alternative fuels are often described as “green” or renewable energy, but this isn’t always the case. Alternative energy is a broader category that encompasses all non-fossil-fuel-based energy sources and processes, of which renewable energies are only a part.
What are the pros and cons of alternative energy?
This can depend on the specific source of energy, of which there are many, for example:
- Biomass comes from the burning of organic matter, which is an efficient use of waste. However, this process requires large landfill spaces and may result in pollution due to the burning of this matter.
- The pros of wind energy are that it is sustainable, wind turbines are relatively harmless to surrounding wildlife and are inexpensive to build and maintain.
- Solar power has similar pros and cons to wind energy: the sun will always shine just in varying amounts on each day. The pros of solar power are that there’s an unlimited supply of sunlight. However, it relies entirely on sunlight, so panels only produce energy when the sun is shining. This renders solar panels fairly useless on overcast days, during the night, or if a building has a west-facing roof.
Each individual source of energy has its own set of pros and cons, as well as variables that should be taken into account, such as location, climate, financial benefits and, most importantly, the overall reduction of damage done to the environment.
Why do we use alternative sources of energy?
One of the main reasons we use alternative sources of energy is to reduce our carbon footprint. As of 2020, the production and consumption of renewable energy have reached record highs. As biofuels, geothermal energy, solar energy, and wind energy continue to increase, so does the use of renewable energy. Local governments and citizens can access renewable energy. From a local government perspective, renewable energy can help meet local goals while leading by example. Renewable energy can provide economic and environmental benefits, including producing energy that releases no greenhouse gas emissions, reducing dependence on imported fuels, and supporting economic development.
With electricity generation being the leading cause of industrial air pollution in the U.S., it’s clear why there is a push for alternative energy sources. As technology advances, we can now make an abundant energy supply with little to no impact on the environment. Alternative sources of energy also provide more pricing stability since they do not entail fuel costs or transportation. Alternative energy sources can also reduce CO₂ emissions. CO₂ emissions pose an environmental threat that may cause droughts, heat waves, coastal flooding, severe storms, and more.
Some of the most commonly used renewable power sources include:
- Solar
- Wind
- Biogas
- Geothermal
- Biomass
- Wave and tidal power
- Low-impact hydroelectricity
How do you use alternative energy sources?
With alternative energy sources trending, you may be starting to wonder how you access alternative energy? Do you have to install your own solar system? Do you have to install a wind turbine? While you could install your own renewable energy on-site, you don’t necessarily have to. We can provide access to renewable energy sources. Simply visit Inspire Clean Energy and enter your ZIP code to check availability.
Installing solar panels is a trending way to power your home with renewable energy. With enough solar panels, you may even be able to power nearby homes. As demand for solar has increased, prices have decreased. In addition, there are tax incentives for installing solar panels. While you may replace your electricity bill with a solar payment, should you choose to finance the solar system, over time, a solar system can pay for itself. In the U.S., the average cost to install a solar system is around $12,000, after federal tax incentives. If you are considering installing solar panels, you should receive an estimate to determine if it’s in your budget or not. Most companies will provide a complimentary estimate. You may want to compare the cost of subscribing to a service such as Inspire. You may not have to put up the investment and time to access renewable energy.
Why is nuclear energy not a renewable source of energy?
Nuclear energy is more environmentally friendly than fossil fuels, but it’s not considered a renewable energy source. Nuclear energy is not an alternative source of energy because the materials used in a nuclear power plant are not renewable. Within a human’s lifetime, nuclear material cannot be replenished. Around the world, nuclear energy is a common source for generating electricity. While nuclear power plants are more environmentally friendly, it isn’t easy to harvest nuclear energy. In addition, nuclear energy can produce radioactive waste, which can be toxic. While nuclear energy may help global warming, we still need renewable energy sources. Each resource can play an essential part in reducing our carbon footprint and saving the environment.
What is the most used alternative energy source?
In 2020, wind was the most used renewable energy source in the United States, which saw a 14% growth from 2019 to 2020. Renewable energy became the second most prevalent energy source in the United States, producing 21% of the total electricity generated in the U.S. in 2020. Renewable energy was second to natural gas, which produced nearly double the electric output of renewables. The growth of renewable energy in 2020 was due in part to the rapidly diminished usage of coal, while electrical generation steadily grew for renewable energy, particularly wind and solar.
Offshore, distributed, and utility-scale wind are three different types of wind power. Offshore wind power is more complicated to build and more expensive than nuclear power. Offshore wind turbines need to be near bodies of water. In the U.S., wind energy provides 88,000 jobs and counting. Wind turbines are often built on the same land that is used for farming. While they may be expensive to make, they do not require fuel to operate.
The downside is that wind is often intermittent. In addition, turbines can be noisy. While they are best in rural areas, it can be challenging to transport wind turbines. As technology continues to advance and the use of wind turbines increases, we can hopefully learn to overcome some of the challenges associated with wind energy.
What is the cheapest alternative energy source?
In 2019, according to IRENA Renewable Power Generation Costs, solar and wind were reported to be the cheapest energy sources. In 2019, wind turbine energy costs had an average of $0.053 per kWh, while the price of photovoltaic solar was $0.068 per kWh.
While you may pay an electricity bill every month, you may have no idea what your actual cost per kWh is. For an exact comparison, you can reference your utility bill to see what energy rates are in your area. For comparison purposes, electricity usually costs about $0.05 to $0.17 per kWh. IRENA predicts that we could see solar and wind electricity available for as low as $0.03 per kWh within the next few years.
With solar booming, we may run into a problem down the road when a large handful of homes need solar replacement. Solar panels are difficult to recycle, which could cause delays in replacing solar systems. The government and third-party companies are investing research and planning into developing solar systems. Eventually, they will need to place a strong focus on how to recycle solar panels.
Which alternative energy is growing the fastest?
At the top of the list, hydropower, solar power, and wind energy are growing quickly. Hydropower might not be the first renewable energy source that comes to mind, but it’s widely used and deserves recognition. Wind energy has surpassed hydropower in recent years, but some still believe hydropower is the most used and fastest-growing renewable energy source. Dams supply much of the water that is released and delivered to the turbine to generate power. Natural running rivers or tides can also provide water for hydropower. One benefit of hydropower is that it can provide backup energy with short notice since it can be generated quickly. China gets about 15% of its energy from hydropower, making it the largest hydroelectric user globally.
In addition to hydropower, solar power, and wind energy, we should also mention bio-power and geothermal. Bio-power is a fast-growing renewable energy source that uses agricultural by-products and modern biomass to create energy. Geothermal energy is produced mainly in Iceland, producing nearly 26.5% of the country’s electricity. In addition, it also makes 87% of Iceland’s housing and building needs by utilizing natural hot water sources underground.
Is alternative energy cost-effective?
Because the phrase “alternative energy” is a blanket term that takes into account more than 10 different sources, this is dependent on the specific energy source.
Wind is one example of a cost-effective alternative source of energy. Because wind turbines are relatively cheap to build and require little maintenance, energy suppliers can offer lower prices as their outgoings are less.
Besides wind farms, the top cheapest alternative energy source is solar. As mentioned before, the sun will always shine. Of course, some days will have longer periods of sun, and some countries will have this more often.
So, how can you get these benefits? That’s what we do – we help people change energy plans. When you sign up, we’ll purchase Renewable Energy Certificates (a way to track energy generated from renewable sources) on your behalf and let your energy provider know you’ve made the switch.
Why should we switch to alternative energy sources?
Our reliance on fossil fuels has been the main cause of damage to the environment so far, and ongoing damage from this use can be brought to a halt if we switch to renewable energy sources such as wind, solar, and hydropower.
Simply put, if we take advantage of the fact that there will always be sun, water and wind, and we harness their power for our electricity, we can decrease the planet’s pollution levels year-after-year. So, while the term “alternative energy sources” technically includes some sources that aren’t green, switching to more sustainable sources of energy will seriously help improve the environment.
Are you ready to access clean energy and help create a greener future? Look into changing energy plans today and join Inspire! We're a renewable energy company passionate about empowering our customers to do the right thing for the environment, themselves, and their families. We want to make it easy and affordable to choose clean energy.
Not sure if renewable energy is right for you? Read the latest Inspire Energy reviews to see how we've helped customers make the switch.
What is the cleanest form of renewable energy?
All forms of energy have drawbacks. However, these drawbacks vary greatly depending on the source of energy. For example, fossil fuels are the dirtiest and most dangerous, while nuclear and renewable energy sources are cleaner and far safer. And wind energy is a clean, non-polluting, free, renewable resource.
The next cleanest form of renewable energy comes from water in the form of hydropower. The world's hydropower capacity reached a new high of 1,308 gigawatts in 2019. Hydropower is used to create electricity worldwide because it is inexpensive, easy to store and dispatch, and produced without the use of fossil fuels, which means it does not emit carbon dioxide or pollutants like power plants that burn coal or natural gas.
How is America relying on alternative sources of energy?
Until the mid-1800s, wood provided nearly all the nation's energy needs for heating, cooking, and lighting. But fossil fuels such as coal, petroleum, and natural gas have been the primary energy sources since the late 1800s. Until the 1990s, the most common renewable energy sources were hydropower and wood.
Biofuels, geothermal energy, solar energy, and wind energy have all increased their share of U.S. energy consumption since that time. In 2020, total renewable energy production and consumption in the United States set new records: The electric power sector accounted for more than 60 percent of total U.S. renewable energy consumption, and renewable energy sources accounted for roughly 20 percent of total U.S. electricity generation.
How is solar energy improving?
Solar power continues to gain clout, but its proportion of the energy market has plenty of room to expand. While solar panels are being installed on more commercial and residential rooftops every day, consumers, let alone enterprises, are still not taking advantage of the full potential of this renewable energy source.
Energy sectors are working hard to improve solar energy by 2050 and decarbonize the electric grid. Scientists are currently working on the efficiency of solar cell material and improving storage facilities and conditions. Additionally, researchers are working on grid integration, stacking two different types of solar cells, using nanomaterials, and making systems more flexible for growth.
As solar energy prices decrease, implementation can take place on a larger scale, as can research. As a result, solar could become the most important source of energy for electricity production in a major area of the planet by 2030. This will also benefit the environment and combat climate change.
Why is wind energy promising?
Wind energy has numerous advantages, making it a promising option for renewable energy—not just for the environment but also for individuals. First, wind energy is a low-cost option at only a few cents per kilowatt-hour. Because its power is provided at a fixed price over a long period of time and its fuel is free, wind energy reduces the price unpredictability that accompanies traditional energy sources.
Wind power can lessen the need for air-polluting energy sources such as fossil fuels, coal, natural gas, and other sources, especially because it is an environmentally favorable fuel source. As a bonus, wind energy has created over 100,000 jobs, making it one of the country's fastest-growing industries.
Where is hydropower being used?
Hydroelectricity, or hydropower, is an energy source that generates electricity by harnessing the power of moving water, such as a waterfall. For millennia, people have exploited this force. People in Greece utilized flowing water to turn the wheels of their mills to grind wheat into flour over 2,000 years ago.
Hydropower is the most widely used renewable energy source. China is the world's greatest hydroelectric power producer, followed by countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, India, and Russia. Hydropower accounts for over 71 percent of all renewable electricity generated on the planet.
Once converted into energy, water power works like other energy sources to power everything that requires electricity. First, water needs to fall into a turbine or generator to create electricity. After transportation, the electricity can enter your home to power all your electronics.
How does geothermal energy work?
Geothermal energy is a renewable energy source that comes from underground hot water reserves. Increased use of geothermal energy has the potential to reduce the use of fossil fuels and the accompanying greenhouse gas emissions in numerous economic sectors, including electricity, industry, and buildings.
The essence of geothermal power is harnessing the power of Earth's temperatures to power, heat, or cool our homes and businesses. Geothermal energy usually comes from volcanic regions.
First, an injection well is pumped with cold water at high pressure. The water expands natural fissures in the strata, allowing water to seep through the hot rock sideways. This is analogous to the fracking technique for extracting oil and gas without using hazardous chemicals.
A number of “producing wells” are drilled nearby to allow the heated water to return to the surface. Drilling these wells requires some luck, since they must hit one of the tiny fissures to harvest the water. Then the hot water is transferred via a heat exchanger at the surface to boil a secondary fluid, such as butane, which creates a high-pressure gas that drives a turbine and generates power. Finally, in a closed-loop, the cooled water is pumped back into the rock strata before going to a power plant for disbursement.
Is biomass energy growing?
Biomass is organic material that is renewable and comes from plants and animals. Until the mid-19th century, biomass was the primary source of total yearly energy consumption in the United States. In fact, biomass remains a popular fuel in many locations, particularly in underdeveloped countries, for cooking and warmth.
Many developed countries are boosting their use of biomass fuels for transportation and electricity generation as a way to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuel consumption. Biomass accounts for roughly 5 percent of total primary energy consumption in the U.S.
Biomass is composed of plants or animals and contains chemical energy that has been stored from the sun. It can be burned directly for heat or processed into renewable liquid and gaseous fuels using various techniques.
In 2018, power generated from biomass and waste accounted for 70.6 million megawatt-hours (MWh), or about 2 percent of total electricity generation in the United States. Though energy output from biomass and garbage was on the rise from 2004 to 2014, it has slowed in recent years and dropped below its peak generation of 71.7 million MWh.
Is alternative energy less expensive than fossil fuels?
Costs for newer items are higher than prices for items that have been around for a while. While renewable energy sources were initially expensive, prices dropped by up to 62 percent as they became more widely used. Solar power costs have decreased by 16 percent, while wind costs have decreased by 9 to 13 percent. Even large-scale solar power has decreased by about 85 percent. And in Europe, new coal facilities are more expensive than wind or solar farms.
While renewable energy sources are more cost-effective, the lack of implementation is blocking the transition to clean energy for most households. Cost comparisons will not be possible until implementation methods are provided. According to all analyses, renewable energy is expected to become less expensive as infrastructure becomes available.
Can alternative energy sources replace fossil fuels?
It's hard to determine whether or not a single renewable energy source can completely replace fossil fuels. Instead, a combination of sustainable energy sources is more likely to be used to replace them. Popular Science states that by 2035, we will have transitioned to renewable energy sources for 100 percent clean power at a lower cost and with fewer transitions than projected because of a clever new Panasonic home battery system called EverVolt.
It is possible to move to 80 or even 90 percent sustainable energy in the coming years and, in turn, move away from fossil fuels. Prices for wind turbines, solar panels, and batteries have been decreasing and will hopefully continue to do so to meet the 2035 deadline. In addition, companies could move to carbon-free power plants without increasing expenses because prior gas or coal-fired power plants were paid for by consumer expenditure.
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyInspire Clean Energy
We're on a mission to transform the way people access clean energy and accelerate a net-zero carbon future.
Learn more about Inspire →Explore more
Recent Posts
Top Articles

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/blog/sustainable-living/average-gas-bill

Average Gas Bill Cost Per Month: What's The Avg Cost of Gas In My State?
Inspire Clean Energy
9 min read
category: Sustainable Living
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyUnderstanding the average cost of gas per month
Utilities are a must-have, but no one enjoys the day a utility bill lands in their mailbox. Even if what we’re paying is reasonable, we’d all like to spend a little less on the energy we use. After all, utilities aren’t something we can live without.
However, the cost of utilities varies significantly from state to state and depends on the lifestyle you lead. Let’s examine the analytics, find out which states are cheap for energy bills, which are expensive, and why they vary so much.
How much does a gas bill cost per month on average?
According to the figures, the average cost of natural gas in the U.S. is a little over $100 per month. Gas is used to heat your home, warm your water, and often powers your stove or oven. Although $100 is the average monthly cost, the amount you pay can vary depending on the time of year. You’ll spend more in the winter when you’re heating your home and less on gas in the summer when your electricity charges are likely to be higher instead.
How much a home is charged depends on which state it's in, but there are many other factors to consider:
- The age of your home – older houses tend to be less insulated than newer builds and therefore take more energy to warm up in the winter and cool in the summer.
- The size of your home – bigger is always going to be more expensive.
- The number of people that live in your home – again, more means more expensive.
- The age of your appliances – modern stoves, furnaces, and so on are more energy-efficient than older ones and are therefore cheaper to run.
- The price of natural gas – gas prices can vary in the same way oil prices do, and this will impact the size of your bill.
What does my gas bill include?
The main item on your gas bill will be your gas usage, which will be measured in CCFs (hundreds of cubic feet) or in therms.
One therm is equal to 100,000 BTUs (British Thermal Units). This figure is then multiplied by the unit cost, which varies from state to state and is affected by the commodity’s price. Included in the unit price will be a small amount that pays for transportation.
There will also be a customer charge, which is a charge for each day’s service. On top of these will be state and local taxes and fees, which vary according to where you live.
What is the average gas bill for a three-bedroom house?
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the average price of a house in the U.S. in March 2020 was $320,000. This equates to people buying homes around 1,850 square feet, with three bedrooms and two bathrooms. As a three-bedroom house is the country's median house size, you can expect its gas bills to be around the U.S.'s average, i.e., $100.
Is gas heating expensive?
Gas furnaces are more expensive to install than their electric counterparts. It costs between $4,500 and $6,000 for a gas appliance and between $2,000 and $4,000 for an electric furnace to run in a three-bedroom house. Electric furnaces are not only cheaper to install but are more efficient, too. Some new ones attain 100% annual fuel utilization efficiency (AFUE), whereas gas furnaces range from 55% to 97%. Despite this, gas furnaces often heat a home more quickly than their electric equivalent.
Despite all this, gas heating is cheaper to run because of the cost of electricity. Although renewable electricity sources lead to reduced costs and natural gas prices are expected to rise in the future, gas heating costs should stay about the same for the next few years.
What uses the most gas in the home?
According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, about half the homes in the U.S. use natural gas to heat buildings and water, for cooking, and to dry laundry.
Heating is the single biggest user of natural gas in the home. Heating and cooling are always the biggest energy consumers in the domestic market since many of us have to heat our homes in winter and cool them in the summer. Next up are water heaters, followed by ranges and ovens, and gas-powered dryers.
Other appliances that use gas include:
- Fireplaces
- Refrigerators
- Grills
- Patio heaters
- Fire pits
Why is my gas and electric bill so high?
There are several reasons why your energy costs might be greater than the average in your area:
1. Your house is an older building
Modern building regulations are far more energy conscious than they were in the past. We have become aware that insulation is an important way to reduce electricity and gas costs to the consumer and reduce energy use overall.
Older houses tend to be draughty and difficult to keep at a comfortable temperature, though there are ways to improve a building’s energy efficiency.
2. Your appliances are not as efficient as they could be
The appliances manufactured today make far better use of energy than those produced even a few years ago. Electronic gadgets on standby used to use almost as much electricity as when they were in use—and now they use almost none. (Though you should note any plugged-in appliance or gadget will draw some energy, even when turned off.)
3. The thermostat is set too high in the winter or too low in the summer
Lowering the thermostat in winter by even a few degrees can significantly reduce your electricity and gas bill, with the reverse being true in the summer. We have become used to wearing the same clothes indoors, whatever the weather, which has pushed up our power usage.
4. Your home is large
Everyone wants a big house, and bigger houses cost more to run. Even if you live alone in a three-bedroom home, your bills are likely to be higher, as your heating and cooling work hard to cool or heat your entire home.
5. Your location
Apart from the unit prices of gas and electricity, your location has a big bearing on your energy use. Living anywhere that experiences extreme temperatures will increase your energy bills.
Gas bill monthly averages by state
Here is a list of average monthly gas bills for all 50 states:
Alabama: $112.06
Alaska: $70.36
Arizona: $115.95
Arkansas: $107.72
California: $63.16
Colorado: $88.10
Connecticut: $114.11
Delaware: $119.17
Florida: $135.72
Georgia: $141.19
Hawaii: $232.20
Idaho: $52.89
Illinois: $96.99
Indiana: $103.17
Iowa: $100.68
Kansas: $112.37
Kentucky: $127.80
Louisiana: $86.72
Maine: $132.04
Maryland: $100
Massachusetts: $79.66
Michigan: $68.93
Minnesota: $78.69
Mississippi: $89.58
Missouri: $123.20
Montana: $52.12
Nebraska: $80.33
Nevada: $70.82
New Hampshire: $107.67
New Jersey: $61.88
New Mexico: $65.36
New York: $114.11
North Carolina: $119.11
North Dakota: $106.24
Ohio: $135.36
Oklahoma: $131.28
Oregon: $77.16
Pennsylvania: $100.97
Rhode Island: $141.04
South Carolina: $150.03
South Dakota: $75.27
Tennessee: $100.56
Texas: $110.58
Utah: $52.33
Vermont: $110.43
Virginia: $104.81
Washington: $76.55
West Virginia: $92.95
Wisconsin: $65.61
Wyoming: $82.68
How can I reduce my gas bill?
There are many ways you can reduce your gas bill. Some may require some cash, but you will still be able to save on your monthly gas bill:
1. Improve your house’s insulation and energy efficiency. There are a lot of modern methods that can help your home resist temperature changes. You may need to upgrade your windows, update your heating and cooling system, and add more insulation.
2. Replace old appliances with new ones. Modern technology has given us far more energy-efficient appliances of all kinds.
3. Lower your thermostat in winter and raise it in summer. Heating and cooling costs are the biggest part of a gas bill. This doesn’t need to be dramatic, just 2-3 degrees will help, and you won’t notice much of a difference!
4. Don’t heat or cool areas of your home you don’t use. Many heating systems allow for individual settings for each area of a house. Rather than just choosing a blanket setting for the whole house, consider not heating rooms you don’t use. Also, don’t heat or cool your house when no one is there; set the timer carefully.
Gas prices vary widely from state to state, though in some cases, the cost of other utilities helps address the seeming imbalance in prices. We are all much more energy conscious than we once were, with climate change and global warming high on every country’s agenda.
If your gas bill is out of step with the average in your city, county, or state, try to figure out why. It could well be that with a little thought and planning, you can reduce your gas bills significantly.
Remember that we have been looking mostly at the gas bill figures. You should examine all the utilities to see if savings can be made elsewhere.
Sign up for a clean natural gas plan
If you want to do your part to protect the environment, we recommend finding ways to reduce your net carbon emissions, like signing up for a clean natural gas plan. Inspire's Clean Natural Gas plan offers peace of mind with a predictable price. Plus, there are no sign-up or cancellation fees and no installations or service interruptions when choosing Inspire as your natural gas supplier. We'll generate a customized price for your natural gas supply based on factors, including your home's energy consumption patterns.
Once you're a member, you'll rest easy knowing that carbon emissions from your home's natural gas consumption are being neutralized, and you're doing something positive for the planet.
When you switch to Inspire's Clean Natural Gas plan, your gas will continue to be delivered to you by your local utility company. Inspire will replace your current natural gas supplier, and once you start service, you will see “Inspire” listed as your natural gas supplier on your utility bill. We will begin to purchase offsets on your behalf to neutralize the carbon emissions associated with your home's natural gas consumption.
Currently, we offer our Clean Natural Gas plan for eligible residential and small business customers in Ohio, with more locations coming soon.
It's never been easier to reduce your net carbon emissions and make an impact on the planet. To learn more about offsetting your natural gas consumption, visit Inspire’s Natural Gas plan page.
And, as always, if you're looking for renewable energy options for your home's electricity supply needs, we also offer access to clean, renewable energy for one flat monthly price. Start now – the earth will thank you.
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyInspire Clean Energy
We're on a mission to transform the way people access clean energy and accelerate a net-zero carbon future.
Learn more about Inspire →Explore more
Recent Posts
Top Articles

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/blog/sustainable-living/what-uses-most-electricity-in-house

What Uses the Most Electricity in a Home: Appliances that Use the Most Energy
Inspire Clean Energy
10 min read
category: Sustainable Living
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyLearn what appliances use the most electricity in a home
These days, we’d be lost without our appliances and electronic devices. The idea of living without heating, lighting, computers, and game consoles is nearly unbearable, but none of these things are free. Every month, when that power bill comes around, you realize just how much electricity you use to keep comfortable and entertained. But do you know what things use the most power and which the least? We’re going to look at what appliances use the most energy and share some tips on reducing your electricity bill.
What appliances use the most electricity in a household?
When talking about power consumption, you really need to consider two factors: how much electricity an appliance uses when it’s in use and how long it’s on.
Almost anything that heats or cools is likely to be a big consumer of electricity and an HVAC tops the list. Not only does it draw a lot of electricity, but it will typically be on for several hours a day, sometimes all day. The climate where you live plays a big part in how much this is actually going to cost. If you live in a temperate zone, your heating and cooling use will be far less than if you inhabit a place that experiences temperature extremes. Many states in the US have long, cold winters and/or hot summers, and residents will have to put up with higher energy costs than people living in milder climates.
Appliances like refrigerators and freezers might be quite efficient and not too power-hungry, but the fact they are on 24/7 means they are bound to play a major part in your electric usage.
What is using so much electricity in my house?
What uses the most electricity in a house is not always obvious. Every appliance and device has different power requirements, and it can be difficult to know exactly what is ramping up your energy consumption. Although you can generalize that climate control and anything that heats, like an oven, washer/dryer, or hairdryer, are major energy users, you may be unclear about exact amounts for them and all your other appliances.
For around $15-$30, you can buy an electricity usage monitor that will tell you exactly how much power a device is using. These little boxes simply plug into an outlet, and then you plug the power lead of the appliance into the monitor. All you have to do is see how many kilowatt-hours it uses and then work out what it costs you to run. You can find out how much you pay per kWh from your energy company’s bill.
More sophisticated systems are available that will accurately measure your total energy usage and that of individual appliances too. It will show you on an app on your smartphone just what is using what amount of power in real-time. Though these cost between $150-$250, you may find the detailed information enables you to take control of your electric usage and reduce the amount you use.
What makes your electric bill so high?
When you’re at home, it can be nice to be able to dress in a t-shirt and jeans with just socks on your feet every day of the year, but it will cost you. Keeping the temperature at 68℉ or more, whatever the conditions outside are like, seems like a good idea, but you have to be prepared for your power bills to go up. Reducing your thermostat in winter and increasing it in the summer, even by just a few degrees, can have a significant impact on your electric bill.
It tends to cost more to maintain the correct temperature in older houses. Building techniques have changed and insulation has improved, making modern houses cheaper to heat and cool. If you have an old home and have the budget, think about upgrading the insulation in the walls and roof, and make sure the windows don’t let in drafts.
Older appliances generally cost more to run than newer ones. Technology has improved in all areas of consumer products, and modern devices are far more efficient and use less electricity than those manufactured even a few years ago. Although keeping appliances that use the most energy up to date can cost serious money, it will pay you back in savings with your electricity bills.
Another contribution to your electric bill is unnecessary power usage: leaving lights on when a room is empty, using the HVAC when the house is empty, and so on. You should try to get into the habit of turning off lights and appliances when they are not needed and programming your HVAC to reflect your life and work pattern.
What costs the most on your electric bill?
Heating and cooling are by far the greatest energy users in the home, making up around 40% of your electric bill. Other big users are washers, dryers, ovens, and stoves. Electronic devices like laptops and TVs are usually pretty cheap to run, but of course, it can all add up. When you think about how many things you own need electric power, it is pretty mind-blowing.
Does unplugging appliances save electricity?
The short answer is yes. Many electric appliances and devices continue to use power even when not in use. If they have a simple mechanical on/off button, they are probably okay, but so many things these days have a small circuit always on ready to trigger when a button or remote is pressed. Then what about all those items that have a built-in clock or a memory for settings? Indeed, we are not talking about a lot of power, but they are using it every moment of every day. According to the US Department of Energy, taking the time to unplug appliances could save you $100-$200.
Why is my electric bill so high all of a sudden in 2021?
Electric prices do vary, as do all commodity prices, and this can affect your energy bill if you are not on a fixed tariff. More commonly, though, a spike in your bill in 2020 and 2021 is likely to be do to a change in circumstances. COVID-19 has influenced our lives and resulted in most of us spending far more time at home than is usual. Being at home means you use more electricity, perhaps a lot more. The house needs to be kept at a living temperature all the time; working from home means using a computer and printer; staying entertained means TVs, tablets, and game consoles are on far more often than they would normally be.
Is it cheaper to heat with gas or electricity?
For most places in the country, natural gas is substantially cheaper than electricity. So a gas-powered furnace is cheaper to run than an electric system, though more expensive to install. But the situation is changing. Gas is a finite resource, and the stocks are beginning to run low while renewable energy sources will continue to expand. As gas becomes more difficult to extract, it will become more expensive. On the other hand, electricity produced by green energy will gradually become less expensive as more comes on stream.
The top 10 energy costs in your home
1. HVAC The answer to the question of which household appliances use the most power is heating and cooling, and top of the list is your HVAC system. Keeping it serviced and your home insulated should minimize the cost of this essential equipment.
2. Water heating If air conditioning and heating account for over 40% of your electric usage, heating hot water adds another 14%. The only trick is not to waste water. Have showers rather than baths and use a dishwasher instead of washing up by hand.
3. Refrigerator You can’t do without a refrigerator, but you can reduce the running costs. Number one is to replace an old one with a new model. Refrigerators made today are of higher quality than older models in terms of energy usage. It also helps not to overload it, keep it at the manufacturer’s recommended temperature, and use it efficiently. Every time you open the door, it loses some of its cold air and has to work harder.
4. Washer and dryer Together, they use about 5% of your electricity. Again, efficiency is the watchword. Always wash a full load but don’t overfill; use cold water and dry naturally when you can.
5. Electric oven and stove Although not in use for long periods every day, both ovens and stoves draw a lot of electricity, so be sensible in their use. Give an oven the minimum warm-up time and opt for a toaster oven, microwave, or slow cooker when possible.
6. Dishwasher A dishwasher is better than washing up by hand, both for electricity usage and water conservation, but always wash a full load and use an economy mode when possible.
7. Lighting Modern light bulbs are much less energy-greedy than old-fashioned bulbs. LEDs, in particular, offer good quality light, no heat, and operate at a fraction of the cost of older technologies.
8. Television and media equipment The current generation of electronics is frugal in its energy needs and probably doesn’t use more than 1% of your electric consumption, so if you have a modern TV, you won’t have to worry much. If you’re going out for the entire day or away for a weekend, consider turning it off at the wall to conserve energy.
9. Computers Like TVs, modern computers are not too bad with their power demands but are frequently left on all the time. They don’t break if you turn them off when you are not using them.
10. “Vampire” power Just because a device is off doesn’t mean it is not drawing power. Unplug or use power strips with on/off switches to make certain they don’t draw power when you’re not actively using them.
No one wants to do without electricity, but you should be aware of what appliances use the most energy and be mindful about how you use them. We have become far too used to just turning things on and forgetting about them. Electric power is a resource and shouldn’t be wasted, both for the sake of your bank account and the environment.
If you’re trying to reduce your energy consumption to do your part for the environment, you’ll love being an Inspire member. Our 100% clean energy plans ensure you don’t use electricity from sources that harm the environment, and we offer you smart tools to help you reduce your consumption, all for a customized fixed monthly bill. To find out more, click here.
At Inspire Clean Energy, we are a renewable energy company passionate about empowering our customers to do the right thing for the environment, themselves, and their families. We want to make it easy and affordable to choose clean energy.
Not sure if renewable energy is right for you? Read the latest Inspire Clean Energy reviews to see how we've helped customers make the switch.
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyInspire Clean Energy
We're on a mission to transform the way people access clean energy and accelerate a net-zero carbon future.
Learn more about Inspire →Explore more
Recent Posts
Top Articles

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/blog/clean-energy-101/difference-between-renewable-nonrenewable-energy

Renewable and Nonrenewable Resources: What is the Difference Between Them?
Inspire Clean Energy
0 min read
category: Clean Energy 101
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyLearn the differences between renewable and nonrenewable resources
Climate change and renewable energy are subjects we hear discussed every day in the news, but the terminology itself is still relatively new to many of us. What constitutes renewable energy? What are the advantages and disadvantages of renewable and nonrenewable energy sources?
Let's get into the commonly asked questions surrounding climate change and renewable energy so you can make informed choices about how you live your life.
What are renewable and nonrenewable energy sources?
A renewable energy source is a resource we can access infinitely; it's one that constantly replenishes itself without human involvement. Renewable energy sources come from natural elements such as wind, water, the sun and even plant matter. There will always be wind blowing, sun shining and water flowing, regardless of how much of each resource we use to produce energy.
Nonrenewable energy sources, on the other hand, are only available in fixed amounts. In most cases, this refers to fossil fuels such as natural gas, oil, and coal. While these resources did originate from organic matter, they take hundreds of thousands of years to create and require a hyper-pressurized environment to become the oil, coal and gas we can use for fuel. Once burned, they are gone forever.
What is the difference between renewable and nonrenewable resources?
Renewable energy harnesses natural energy to produce energy that we can consume. For example, wind's natural kinetic energy is used to turn a generator, which produces electricity. And since the wind will continue to blow, it cannot be "used up." Nonrenewable resources can only be used once, and we can't produce more to replace what we use.
Aside from the fact that one resource is replenishable and another is not, the main difference between renewable and nonrenewable energy sources is their respective financial costs, exhaustion rate and environmental costs.
What are some examples of renewable resources?
Some examples of renewable resources are:
What are some examples of nonrenewable resources?
Examples of nonrenewable resources are:
- Coal
- Oil
- Natural gas
- Nuclear energy
What are the advantages and disadvantages of renewable resources?
Now that we have a clear understanding of what each type of resource is, let's take a look at the advantages and disadvantages of renewable resources:
Disadvantages
- Renewables are newer, less established, and typically more expensive. While better for our planet, many types of clean energy infrastructure can cost more to install than traditional energy generating systems. While expensive initially, wind turbines will pay for themselves over time while operational, as energy cost savings outweigh the initial cost. As a result, wind turbines are accessible and valuable investments for those who can afford to pay for them upfront, but this may not be possible in lower-income communities.
- Another unfortunate downside to renewable energy ties in with the consequences of our ever-growing world population, and therefore the increased demand for energy. Currently, the electricity demand is so high that it wouldn't be possible to meet global needs with renewable resources alone. That is not to say that it won't be possible one day, but right now, these demands can only be met by a combination of renewable and nonrenewable energy.
- People are creatures of habit and prefer to stick to what they know. The newness and unfamiliarity of clean energy can turn people off to investing in such technologies. A great example of this is the phenomenon of electric cars, which we can charge using renewable electricity. Unfortunately, money ties in with this issue, as running cars on more traditional fuels like diesel and gasoline are significantly cheaper, so people favor these options.
Advantages
- One of the biggest reasons scientists are promoting renewable energy sources is for environmental reasons. They do not release harmful carbon emissions into the atmosphere and help to offset emissions.
- They can drastically improve our air quality and respiratory health. Using more environmentally friendly energy sources can save the government millions of dollars in healthcare costs each year, with fewer people hospitalized for asthma and emissions-related respiratory illnesses.
- In addition to being better for the environment and our health, using more significant amounts of renewable energy means we can conserve nonrenewable resources. Things like fossil fuels, natural gas, oil, and coal can take millions of years to form, and because they're available in a finite amount, we need to save some for the future.
- Renewable energy supports job growth globally. Wind Turbine Technician is the second-fastest-growing job in the U.S., with a 68% growth rate (accounting for 2020 to 2030). Solar Photovoltaic Installers sits in third with a 52% growth rate.
While both renewable and nonrenewable energy sources can power our homes, cars, schools and businesses, switching to renewable energy will have a lasting and positive impact on the environment and future generations.
What are the advantages and disadvantages of nonrenewable resources?
So, what about nonrenewable resources?
Disadvantages
- As many people know, nonrenewable energy's main disadvantage lies in its harmful effects on the environment. Nonrenewable alternatives such as coal, oil, and natural gas must be burned to use their energy. This releases dangerous amounts of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere, which causes global warming.
- They're costly to extract, and we must constantly search for new supplies for them.
- They're dangerous – people still die in mining accidents today, even here in the U.S.
Advantages
- Nonrenewable energy sources are cheap and relatively accessible.
- Our infrastructure is optimized for their use. They are used globally every day, which helps drive down the prices of resources like coal, oil, and other fossil fuels.
- Nonrenewable energy sources are also far more reliable than renewable energy sources, which depend on the elements. Because nonrenewable energy exists in itself and can be stored for later use, we don't have to worry about waiting for the wind to blow or the sun to shine.
How are nonrenewable and renewable resources formed?
Nonrenewable energy is ancient and comes from the fossilized remains of animals and plants. Nonrenewable energy takes an incredible amount of time to form, so it is not considered sustainable or renewable for the long term. Renewable energy sources come from nature, too, but they are accessible at nearly all times worldwide. In theory, we can obtain and replenish renewable resources every day. Every time the wind blows, the sun shines and water runs through a river, we can harness that energy to make electricity.
How does human activity affect the planet's renewable and nonrenewable resources?
Human activity is the reason why nonrenewable energy sources are depleting. In today's global energy grid, infrastructure leans heavily on nonrenewables' daily use, and our reliance on these resources is one of the key reasons they will run out.
These facts lead us to prioritize developing renewable energy sources that can take the place of nonrenewables. We have seen exponential growth in the usage of renewable energy sources as a result. Ultimately, human activity has dwindled nonrenewable resources considerably, but it gives us the chance to invest in more sustainable options for the future.
It's important to note that you have the power to choose which type of resource you rely on for your energy. The more people who choose to power their lives with renewable energy sources, the higher the demand for those resources and the higher likelihood they will succeed in the long run.
Inspire's customers are making a powerful statement when they choose us as their energy supplier. Not only are they significantly reducing their carbon footprint, but they're increasing the demand for renewable energy, which helps create more of it. You can find how to join our movement here.
How easily are renewable and nonrenewable resources obtained and replenished?
Nonrenewable: Nonrenewable resources have to be extracted by mining or drilling down into Earth's crust. This process is often dangerous for workers and disruptive to the surrounding landscape. It must then be transported worldwide, which uses even more fuel and can result in hazardous events like oil spills.
Renewable: Renewable resources are obtained anywhere the resource is found and where it is practical to install the necessary technology to access it. For example, any sunny rooftop in Arizona can be used to generate solar energy. Many coastal areas are suitable for offshore wind farms, and rivers and streams are ideal for hydropower. It is replenished whenever there is a sufficient amount to generate electricity.
What do renewable and nonrenewable resources have in common?
They are very different forms of energy. However, some of the things they have in common are:
- They cost money to generate and produce
- They produce jobs
- Biomass is also burned, like fossil fuels
- They can power our world
How fast are renewables growing?
Renewable energy is growing rapidly, which can be partially attributed to the continued advancement of technology, a consistent decrease in overall costs associated with renewable energy projects, and the increased awareness of how burning fossil fuels contributes directly to climate change. For these reasons, the world's renewable energy capacity increased by 45% in 2020 alone, the most significant annual increase in renewable energy capacity since 1999. Much of this increase comes from the world's expansion of solar and wind energy. The global wind energy capacity increased by 90% in 2020 alone. That is a staggering figure to consider. Solar can be accredited with a 23% increase in new solar power installations during 2020 as well. These two types of renewable energy generation were the main drivers of the overall 45% increase in renewable energy capacity in 2020. So, if renewable energy grew by 45% in 2020, mainly due to unprecedented increases in wind and solar, who were the significant contributors to the rise?
The two most prominent contributors to the impressive 45% increase in renewable energy capacity in 2020 are China and the U.S. In the last three months of 2020 alone, China added over 92 gigawatts of renewable energy capacity. Over the same period, the U.S. added 19 gigawatts of renewable energy capacity as well.
In the fight against climate change, these increases in renewable energy utilization need to become the norm. One other statistic that goes well with the 45% increase in renewable energy capacity in 2020 is that the global consumption of coal fell by 4% in the same year. Coal is one of the largest contributors to greenhouse gas emissions and the rapid changing of our climate and increasing temperatures.
Can the world run on renewable energy?
The question should not be, can the world run on renewable energy, but will the world be able to meet 100% of its energy needs with renewable energy? It is possible for the world to only run on renewable energy. The technology has been there for quite a while now. Still, due to the fossil fuel industry's influence, the rollout of new renewable energy projects has been slow up until the last 10-years.
According to the National Renewable Energy Lab in the United States, the U.S. energy infrastructure could use 80% renewable energy sources by 2030. To see an electrical grid of 100% renewable energy, this could realistically be achieved by 2050. The challenge will be to transition from fossil fuels and other nonrenewable energy sources to renewable energy sources without causing overwhelming damage to the U.S. economy. Aside from potential economic losses from the transition to renewable energy, governments and energy policymakers are careful to make sure they increase their dependence on renewable energy sources as the technology continues to improve and costs continue to drop. One significant technological advancement that needs to continue progressing is energy storage for renewable energy sources. For example, solar energy only works during the daytime when there is little to no cloud cover and dry weather conditions. During these times of peak energy absorption, there needs to be a cost-efficient way to store excess energy that is not being used immediately. The extra energy needs to be stored in a solar battery system that can be utilized when the sun is not present or low production. Currently, these battery storage systems can be pretty expensive. As battery storage technology becomes more advanced and more accessible, prices should also drop, helping solar become an even larger contributor to the world's renewable energy production. The same idea is accurate for wind and hydro. We need better ways to store excess energy for all types of renewable energy sources that are cheap and efficient.
A study conducted by Finland's LUT University in partnership with the Energy Watch Group demonstrated how the world could transition to 100% renewable energy with zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. Their findings calculated that if the world could produce all of its energy needs using renewable energy sources, it would ultimately be more cost-effective than the current fossil fuel and nuclear-based energy system. They also created a realistic model of what types of renewable energy sources would have to be utilized to maintain a world that gets 100% of its energy from renewable resources. The breakdown looked like this: 69% solar P.V., 18% wind energy, 6% biomass, 3% hydroelectric, and 2% geothermal.
Is renewable energy profitable?
The short answer is yes, renewable energy is profitable. According to a study conducted by the Imperial College London and the International Energy Agency, renewable energy investments deliver massively better returns than fossil fuels in the U.S., U.K., and Europe. They looked at energy investment returns over a 5-year and 10-year period. When they looked at renewable energy investments in France and Germany, they found that the returns over five years totaled a 178.2% return on investment. For fossil fuels over the same period, there was a loss of nearly 20.7% investment.
However, fossil fuels did have some return on investments in the United States and the United Kingdom. During the same 5-year period, fossil fuels produced a return of 8.8% in the U.K. and 97.2% in the U.S. Compare that to renewable energy investments. However, you will see that the green energy investments had a much higher return. In the U.K., the return on investment for renewable energy was 75.4%, while it was closer to 200% in the U.S. The bottom line is that renewable energy is cheaper with a higher rate of return than fossil fuels in many circumstances. This will further push countries and private businesses to make investments in large-scale renewable energy projects.
Is there a future in renewable energy?
Yes, it is hard to imagine a future where renewable energy is not a significant component of the fabric of our society. Renewable energy has been expanding rapidly in recent years. As the prices get cheaper and more governments and private businesses become aware of the potential returns on investment, this increase of renewable energy use we are currently experiencing will continue to grow. Now, the world gets 26% of its electricity from renewable resources, but by 2024, that number should increase to over 30%. In 2020 alone, there was a 45% increase in the world's current renewable energy capacity. Much of the increase from 2020 and the projected increase to 2024 will be due to increased wind and solar power. Two main statistics that will be instrumental in the continued growth of renewable energy utilization by 2024 include the following. First, solar power will continue to see reduced costs, and it is estimated that the costs associated with installing large-scale solar projects will decrease by 35% before the year 2024. Second, onshore wind energy capacity is projected to increase by as much as 57% by 2024. Countries like China, the U.S., and some E.U. member nations are expected to double down on wind energy and increase their wind energy capacity in the next few years. These facts above make excellent indicators that the world is moving in favor of renewable energy and that there will be an undeniable presence of renewable energy in the future.
Which is better: renewable or nonrenewable resources?
In an ideal world, we would all use renewable resources every day. We would never use resources that release CO₂ and methane into the atmosphere; instead, we'd use resources that are clean, affordable, and accessible to everyone.
While fossil fuels are reliable and easily stored, they are running out. They pollute the air we breathe, cause climate change, are dangerous to produce, and kill wildlife when things go wrong.
While they're slightly less consistent (we can only use solar power when the sun shines, for example), renewable energy is instantly available. It does not require millions of years to form and develop, nor does it need to be transported over land and sea to be accessible. Renewable energy sources are better for the environment, and an increased reliance on wind and solar power will help improve global air quality.
Using renewable energy isn't just a case of making the responsible choice. When you choose to supply your home with renewable energy, you also give people in underserved communities quality air to breathe, prevent workplace deaths, increase local jobs, stop contributing to climate change, and so much more. If you care about the future of the planet, it's time to make the switch.
To get started, visit our homepage and enter your address and/or ZIP Code. If Inspire's clean energy supply plans are available in your area, you can proceed with linking your utility and discover the beginning of consistent and predictable monthly energy bills.
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyInspire Clean Energy
We're on a mission to transform the way people access clean energy and accelerate a net-zero carbon future.
Learn more about Inspire →Explore more
Recent Posts
Top Articles

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/blog/sustainable-living/average-apartment-electric-bill

Average Electric Bill Per Month for 1 & 2 Bedroom Apartments
Inspire Clean Energy
15 min read
category: Sustainable Living
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyNo one likes getting their electric bill and, for most of us, it’s the most expensive utility we have to pay for. If you’re wondering if your current electric bill is abnormally high or low, or if you’re getting ready to move into a new place and you want to know what to expect, you’re in the right place.
Below, we’ll outline everything you need to know about your electric bill for small apartments so you can work on reducing your usage—for the sake of your wallet and the environment!
If you’re interested in doing more for the environment, click here.
How much is an average monthly electric bill?
The average electric bill for a 1 bedroom apartment per month is about $50-90, depending on where you live. It will increase for larger apartments and households and vary depending on your lifestyle.
Your electric bill is likely to account for the highest expense on your monthly utility bill. Most Americans find their electricity usage is 41% heating and cooling, so that’s often the biggest expense. We’ll break down the average electricity usage later in this article.
Your apartment electric bill will also vary depending on your appliances and electronics, where you live (as it varies by state), the climate, how many people live in your household, and how large or small your apartment is.
What uses the most electricity in an apartment?
You will probably find that the appliance that uses the most electricity in an apartment is the air-conditioning system.
The amount your air-conditioning system gets used depends on the season, where you live, and how cool you like to be when in your home. If you live in a cooler state, your air-conditioning usage is likely to be limited to summer months when opening the windows isn’t enough to keep you cool.
If you live in a state that’s typically warm year-round, like Arizona, Nevada, or Florida, your AC usage is going to be much more frequent—and for longer periods of the year—so you can expect to have a higher electric bill.
Of course, if you have to heat your home, you may find the cost offsets the difference of the added expense in hotter states.
What are typical apartment utilities?
There are a number of apartment utilities that can be powered using electricity and will contribute to your electricity bill.
- Heating – 46% of apartments in the U.S. use electricity to power their heating systems
- Water heating – 49% of apartments in the U.S. use electricity to heat up their water
- Cooking – 64% of apartments in the U.S. have use of an electric oven or stove
- Air-conditioning (as mentioned above)
- Internet and cable
If you find your electric bills are particularly high, you could find alternative methods to power these utilities or work to make them more efficient wherever you can.
Does it save electricity to unplug things?
Many modern appliances and electronics will consume electricity even when they are not in use, i.e., in ‘standby.’ In fact, electronics on standby are responsible for around 3-10% of the energy used within a home. Although this might seem like a relatively small amount of energy, when you have all the appliances in your home either on or on standby, this can add up considerably on your electric bill.
There is evidence to suggest that if you make the effort to actually unplug your appliances and electronics when they aren’t in use, it could save you anywhere between $100 to $200 every year, and you are less likely to fall victim to a power surge, so it’s definitely worth doing (or turning off at the wall).
Why is my electric bill so high?
There are several reasons why your electric bill might be particularly high, compared with previous months, or compared to the average bill.
If your monthly bill is abnormally high, this may be because:
- You will find a relatively large increase to your electric bill if you have somebody new join your household.
- You’ve got a new energy-heavy appliance and you didn’t have one before, such as a dryer.
- It’s been abnormally hot or cold and your heating and cooling systems have had to work overtime to keep your home comfortable.
If your electricity bill is higher than the averages listed here, consider:
- Are you on a good tariff? If you’re on the default tariff, you’re likely paying far more than you should be.
- Your appliances and electronics in your home are too old. As you can imagine, like many things, electronics age over time, so they lose their efficiency and need more energy to function properly. More often than not, out-of-date appliances simply were not made with the same efficient, energy-saving standards as they are now, which means they need to consume a lot more energy to do the same job as a new appliance.
- You live in an expensive city or state.
- You live in a state that requires constant heating/cooling.
Below is a list of average electric bill prices for a number of states.
Average electricity bills by state:
- Average electric bill for a 1-bedroom apartment in Florida: $131
- Average electric bill for 1-bedroom apartment in Texas: $132
- Average electric bill for 1-bedroom apartment in Maryland: $125
- Average electric bill for 2-bedroom apartment in Pennsylvania: $113
- Average electric bill for a 2-bedroom apartment in Georgia: $132
Ways to save electricity in your apartment and benefit the environment:
If you find your electric bills are higher than they should be for an apartment of its size in your state, there are several ways you can work to save electricity while benefiting the environment.
- A really easy way to save electricity is to get into the habit of turning lights off when you are not in a room and properly turning off or unplugging appliances and electronics when you are not using them. This may sound super simple, but you are likely to find that it can really save you money on electricity in the long run. If you have energy-saving bulbs (not LEDs), don’t bother if you’re going to be out of the room for less than 15 minutes.
- Invest in energy-efficient products such as energy-saving light bulbs and Energy Star appliances. They might be more expensive to buy than other options on the market, but they really will save you serious money on your electricity bills long term, as they are so much more energy-efficient.
- If you are able, aim to only use appliances that eat up a lot of power (like your dryer) early in the morning or late at night, as energy costs at these times are cheaper.
- Maintain your appliances—blocked fans, for example, will force them to work harder.
- Try to keep the cooling and heating of your home to a minimum. This may mean only controlling temperatures of rooms you are actually using at any one time so that all energy is focused on these areas instead of trying to heat or cool every room in your home. Less energy will be needed to keep you warm or cool in one or two rooms in your apartment.
- If you own your apartment and have the ability to do so, new windows may help. Learning how to make your windows more energy efficient is a great starting point.
Looking for more ways to lower your energy bill? Check out our Top 14 Home Energy Saving Ideas and the Top 5 Ways to Save Energy in the Kitchen.
One other way to manage your electric bill and to make each payment predictable is to sign up for a subscription plan, which means you have a flat monthly payment each month. At Inspire, we offer access to 100% clean energy subscription plans, so you know exactly what you'll pay for your electricity supply each month, regardless of whether you need to run your A/C or are using extra electricity.
Plus, it's 100% clean and from renewable energy sources, so you don't have to worry about a negative environmental impact.
If you want to be part of the movement bettering the world and helping move toward a clean energy future, consider a renewable energy company like Inspire today.
Not sure if renewable energy is right for you? Read the latest Inspire Clean Energy reviews to see how we've helped customers make the switch.
What are electric bills?
Homes and buildings cost money to operate.. Electricity provides power for all electrical devices in a home or an apartment. Everyone utilizes power every time we switch on a light, plug in a device, or let our refrigerator run. Electricity is available for purchase by the kilowatt-hour to power your home. When a company or utility requests payment for the electricity you use, they send you a letter detailing the amount of electricity you used, the rates they charge, and the amount owed for using energy.
What costs most in an electric bill?
When you receive your power bill, you may be perplexed as to how the cost came to be. It may have something to do with the quantity of electricity you used, or it could be that the price of electricity increased if you are on a variable price plan. It also depends on the appliances you use and how frequently you use them. After all, if you use more electricity from one month to the next, the cost will increase. Customers are often charged in cents per kilowatt-hour for electricity.
As all electrical devices consume energy, you can expect many electric items to drive the cost of your bill up. However, some appliances use more power than others. For example, the HVAC system—the central heating and cooling for a home—is typically the most power-consuming, using up to 15,000 watts per hour. Next, washers and dryers can take up to 7,000 watts combined per hour of use. Lastly, using water heaters can also add up quickly, as you need to regularly heat water for dishes, showers, and baths.
What does the electric bill include?
An overall summary of your account information, current charges, and electric pricing all appear on your electric bill, and sometimes a more detailed analysis of your energy consumption can be found. Usage is measured in kWh (or a kilowatt-hour)—the duration of energy use.
The meter focuses on the date it was read, showing the previous and current reading. Next, there is a breakdown of information that centers on the different services included in your energy at home. Expect to see charges for transmission, generation, and distribution, which sum up the bulk of the bill. A usage profile has two parts, with the first showing your kWh usage for the last month and the current month along with daily usage. The second part will show your energy usage patterns.
How are electricity bills calculated?
Electronic meters that can record the quantity of electricity flowing in and out of your home are used to track electricity usage. Your utility company checks your meter every month to establish your monthly usage. Meter readings are usually displayed as a lengthier string of digits on your account. Still, you may calculate your monthly usage by subtracting last month's reading from the current month's reading.
Every month, the average home consumes roughly 900 kilowatt-hours. In general, utilities bill their clients based on the amount of electricity they consume. Therefore, as your usage increases, your bill will increase as well. The amount you owe is calculated by multiplying your utility's per-kWh rate by the total number of kWhs you consumed during that month.
What can affect the energy bill?
Depending on where you are located, different areas can offer different rates. Other factors can affect your bill as well, such as seasonal changes. The colder temperatures of winter may necessitate the usage of additional natural gas to heat your home and water. Alternately, summer's hotter temperatures may require more power consumption to keep your home cool, leading to additional energy consumption.
Using new or extra appliances can affect the bill, too. In the summer, dehumidifiers, swimming pool pumps, and hot tubs all demand more electricity. Installing new equipment, such as a television or a second refrigerator, will also raise your energy bill. Daily habit changes can affect your bill, too, as you turn up the heat, take more baths, or run more electronics. The number of billing days can change a bill, and energy rates always fluctuate.
In addition, hidden energy consumers may be lurking in your home, like items that are plugged in all the time. Think of your air fryer, speakers, computer, and lights that are left on and connected to an outlet. If they have a light on, they are taking energy, even in small amounts—and it all adds up to a larger electricity bill. Likewise, the wrong light bulbs could be using more energy than necessary, as newer bulbs use up to 75% less energy.
Other factors to consider are insufficient insulation. Your windows may not be as tightly shut as you believe, which might cost you a lot of money. However, inadequate insulation in your walls and ceiling may be the most significant cause of excessive energy expenditures. Older energy-guzzling appliances, inefficient thermostats, and using too many appliances during peak energy time can also affect your electric bill.
Are electricity bills going up?
Because energy costs have risen continuously year after year, your rates have also climbed. As of December 2021, the Energy Information Administration (EIA) reports rates per kilowatt-hour (kWh) increased by 7% to 11.10 cents/kWh. The industrial sector, which increased by 11.7% from December, was followed by the Commercial and Residential sectors, which both increased by 7.6%. It's easy to see the current economy is affecting all prices, including the cost of electricity.
How much electricity does a 3-bedroom house use?
While it's impossible to estimate a 3-bedroom house's exact electric bill, there are some methods you can use to get a close estimate. You will need to check your energy company's rates and understand your usage to begin, though. With that in mind, the average electricity cost for a three-bedroom house with two occupants would range from $88 to $97. A three-bedroom house with three inhabitants would have an average electricity expenditure of $97 to $105.
Some states have much higher rates, such as Hawaii and Massachusetts, while others states like Oklahoma and Idaho have the lowest prices. The average monthly electric expense for a three-bedroom house in the states with the highest electricity prices was above $160.
What uses electricity overnight?
There are still some devices in your house that need electricity after everyone has gone to bed. The most likely culprit is your heating and cooling system. The largest usage of electric energy in your home is temperature control, and if you can reduce this, you will save a lot of money on your monthly energy bill. Other appliances, such as the refrigerator and freezer, must continue to function. There are, however, some devices in your home that drain energy for no apparent reason, such as coffee makers, stoves with an LED clock, and other appliances with a constant electronic display.
Anything that is still connected to the wall, even if it is not switched on, is using energy. Not just in the kitchen, either. These include alarm clocks, thermostats, computers, and gaming consoles, to name a few. While the amount is small from one minute to the next, it adds up quickly when 40-50 devices are used all day and night. Some people use the television to fall asleep, and then it stays on all night, racking up the energy bill.
Is electricity cheaper than gas?
In general, larger home appliances that run on gas or electricity offer you the choice of lower upfront expenses vs. long-term savings. Natural gas is typically less expensive than electricity on a monthly basis, and natural gas equipment will continue to operate even if the power goes out. However, it's difficult to compare expenses because electricity is measured in kilowatt-hours, and natural gas is measured in therms.
What is the difference between fixed energy rates and variable energy rates?
The price you pay per kilowatt-hour stays the same with a fixed-rate energy plan throughout your contract. As a result, even if market prices fluctuate, your energy rate will remain unchanged. In addition, a fixed price makes it easy for you to budget for how much energy you'll need each month.
The amount you pay per kilowatt-hour for electricity under a variable-rate plan may be set by the market or other criteria assessed by the retail energy supplier. Because the market price of power fluctuates so much, your costs can fluctuate as well. When market prices fall, this can be beneficial. However, a variable-rate plan could become pricey if variables such as high temperatures or greater demand raise energy rates.
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyInspire Clean Energy
We're on a mission to transform the way people access clean energy and accelerate a net-zero carbon future.
Learn more about Inspire →Explore more
Recent Posts
Top Articles

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/blog/sustainable-living/environmental-sustainability-definition

What is Environmental Sustainability: Definition & Examples
Inspire Clean Energy
16 min read
category: Sustainable Living
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyThe Importance of Environmental Sustainability
When we’re feeling stressed or out of touch, many of us instinctively go for walks. We search for forests, parks, beaches, and country roads to feel more at peace connected to nature. Given that fact, it’s no surprise that human well-being is intrinsically linked to the health of the environment. About 24% of global human deaths are caused—directly or indirectly—by avoidable environmental factors. To live long and healthy lives, we need and deserve unpolluted air to breathe, clean water to drink, and to live in places free of toxic substances.
As the global population grows and we begin to experience the long-term consequences of excessive energy use and industrial growth, we must prevent further damage. It is our job to ensure our future generations have healthy places to live and minimize our damage to the earth’s biodiverse ecosystems. For businesses, sustainability means running a business through sustainable practices and securing future growth potential without causing too much damage to the environment.
What is environmental sustainability?
According to the U.N. Environment Programme, environmental sustainability involves making life choices that ensure an equal, if not better, way of life for future generations.
Environmental sustainability aims to improve the quality of human life without putting unnecessary strain on the earth's supporting ecosystems. It’s about creating an equilibrium between consumerist human culture and the living world. We can do this by living in a way that doesn’t waste or unnecessarily deplete natural resources.
Why is sustainability important?
Environmental sustainability is important because of how much energy, food, and human-made resources we use every day. Rapid population growth has resulted in increased farming and manufacturing, leading to more greenhouse gas emissions, unsustainable energy use, and deforestation.
In other words, we need more energy and materials than ever before. Despite this, our planet can only provide so many resources before they begin to deplete. For this reason, businesses must step in and do their part. They have more power than any group of individuals, and they can help secure a livable future by investing in sustainable and responsible practices like reducing waste, using commercial clean energy, and paying fair wages.
What is a simple definition of environmental sustainability?
In simple terms, environmental sustainability is the practice of interacting with the planet responsibly. We do it to avoid depleting natural resources and compromising the future generation’s ability to meet their daily needs.
What are some examples of environmental sustainability?
There are two primary ways in which environmental sustainability can be achieved: by individuals and by corporations and government bodies.
As individuals, we can take small but effective steps toward a more sustainable lifestyle, like using less water, reducing our meat consumption, and switching to reusable products to reduce our dependence on single-use plastics.
From a corporation’s perspective, environmental sustainability may involve switching to renewable energy in warehouses, factories, and offices or cutting down on single-use plastics in manufacturing.
What are the three pillars of sustainability?
Aside from benefiting the planet and its inhabitants, environmental sustainability offers plenty of benefits. The three pillars of sustainability involve economic, social, and environmental development.
- Economic sustainability is the responsibility of businesses and communities. Here, they are encouraged to use their resources responsibly and efficiently. Economic sustainability is designed to support long-term economic growth without harming the environmental, social, and cultural aspects of our global community.
- Social sustainability benefits people. Living sustainably as individuals, families, communities, and countries means healthier air and less money needlessly spent on healthcare. Using renewable energy sources can reduce droughts, as they require less water and energy to maintain. The eventual goal is that sustainable development will also reduce hunger and poverty, and generally provide a better global quality of life, promoting fairly distributed education and healthcare.
- Environmental sustainability focuses on the state of the planet. It encourages individuals to live in a way that creates minimal waste and even regenerates some of the resources we use every day.
Why do we need sustainability?
The general goal of environmental sustainability is to evens things out. As we’ve seen, environmental sustainability provides huge benefits for human health and that of all other species. It reduces our global carbon footprint and reduces our reliance on fossil fuels and other harmful energy practices. But does it benefit us in other ways?
Sustainability can increase life expectancy by providing healthier living conditions and better healthcare, which could also lessen the divide between the rich and poor. Sustainable development encourages more responsible manufacturing and production, covering the industrial side of waste and pollution. It also encourages companies, industries, and governments to make decisions based on long-term consequences, rather than taking the easiest, cheapest option.
What are the issues of environmental sustainability?
While environmental sustainability offers clear benefits in terms of global human and animal health, there are some barriers we may face when working to achieve it.
- Exponential population growth, unsustainable consumption, and production patterns among the rich are the primary social challenges to achieving global sustainable development. Unless we see a significant change in global human behavior, sustainability will not be possible. Other social hurdles include limited awareness and education about sustainability, insufficient interaction between civil society and the government, and inadequate incentives for the private sector to encourage sustainable development.
- Economists have observed that sustainable development focuses on economic growth rather than people's health or rights. For environmental sustainability to work globally, our worldview must shift, as we currently treat the environment as part of the economy rather than the other way around. This change means the economy must be adapted so that environmental services are maintained. This process is easier said than done, and it will likely take decades for a shift to begin taking place.
We may face some obstacles in our efforts to achieve environmental sustainability, but that does not mean we shouldn’t do our best. The idea of living sustainably can feel daunting, but there are plenty of small changes we can make without much inconvenience.
What are the benefits of environmental sustainability?
The benefits of environmental sustainability are:
- We can protect ecosystems
- We can continue to enjoy nature as it is
- We can protect endangered species
- Less pollution in the cities results in better respiratory health for all
- It could halt or reverse the effects of global warming
- We won’t be creating huge landfills all over the world that will take hundreds of years to break down
For businesses, the benefits are:
- You reduce your energy usage and thus save money
- You produce less waste, which can help you save money and will make you a better choice for eco-conscious customers
- You can position yourself as a preferred option for environmentally conscious customers by reducing your pollution output, which can also qualify you for incentives and cost savings in certain areas
- Improve your brand image
- Attract and keep better-quality investors, employees, and shareholders
- You can rest easy at night knowing you’re not damaging the planet for future generations
How do you achieve environmental sustainability?
Here are some easy ways you can live more sustainably in your daily life:
- Cut down on red meat; it’s a huge driver of food air miles and methane emissions.
- Switch to a green energy utility company—resources like wind, solar power, and geothermal energy are all infinite sources and will not deplete. Switching to a green energy company is one of the simplest and most effective ways to make a difference.
- Cook and bake your own meals and snacks, rather than relying on food in plastic and non-recyclable packaging. Cooking in batches is another great way to use less energy and reduce waste.
- Ditch bottled water and drink from the tap. Plastic bottles take about 450 years to decompose, so consider if it’s worth it for the sake of one drink. Instead, opt for a reusable water bottle or a water filter jug for your refrigerator.
- Rely less on your car and walk or cycle when possible.
- Replace incandescent light bulbs with more energy-efficient bulbs.
- Eat locally—this supports food products with low air miles. In other words, try to eat foods that haven’t traveled far to make it onto your plate.
- Resell, repurpose, or donate unwanted items. Repurposing may mean using old clothes or bed sheets for cleaning rags or reusing glass jars to store dry foods.
- Replace saran wrap with reusable beeswax eco-wraps.
- Say no to the plastic straw with your iced coffee—bring your own instead!
- If you wear make-up, switch to washable, reusable make-up wipes, and plastic-free cosmetics.
- Reduce your consumption of single-use plastic materials like water bottles, grocery bags, coffee cups, and produce wrapping. You can replace these single-use items with tote bags, water flasks, reusable coffee cups, and plastic-free fruit and vegetables.
- Switch out paper towels for reusable dishcloths.
- Instead of buying expensive, heavily packaged body scrubs, make one using coffee grounds, sugar, and a little coconut oil.
- Buy a bamboo toothbrush or an electric toothbrush instead of using plastic ones.
Achieve environmental sustainability by switching to renewable energy
Fossil fuels are one of the most harmful elements of our energy use today, but you can choose a safer, more sustainable option.
With Inspire, we believe in a world where clean energy is available to everyone, and we want to help make that future a reality today. By switching to Inspire, you’ll help to put more clean, sustainable energy on the grid and drive down the demand for fossil fuels.
Whether you’re an individual or a business, we’re here to help you reduce your carbon footprint. Click here to make the switch today.
At Inspire Clean Energy, we are a renewable energy company passionate about empowering our customers to do the right thing for the environment, themselves, and their families. We want to make it easy and affordable to choose clean energy.
Not sure if renewable energy is right for you? Read the latest Inspire Clean Energy reviews to see how we've helped customers make the switch.
What does environmental protection mean?
Environmental protection includes initiatives to mitigate environmental risks posed by contaminants such as toxic materials, wastes, fuels, and oils. By establishing processes for properly working with these materials, evaluating storage vessels and locations, and establishing preventative maintenance procedures, these programs address pollution prevention and regulatory compliance.
Essentially, environmental protection includes any agency that seeks to benefit humans, the environment, and the planet. The biophysical environment is being destroyed, sometimes permanently, due to the pressures of overconsumption, population, and technology. This has been recognized, and governments have begun to impose restrictions on activities that degrade the environment.
Another facet of environmental protection is recycling by converting waste into usable products. Any protection set in place to maintain the health of our greatest resource—Earth—serves to protect every plant, animal, and human. Environmental emergency plans are also included, which outline the steps to take in the case of a spill or discharge.
Why is environmental protection important?
Humans only have one option for planets to live on; we need to offer the proper respect and care for Earth as we do for ourselves. Not only can environmental protections provide us with a better life by preserving finite resources but also our children and future generations. Without the proper reverence for the Earth, we may run out of necessary natural sources that afford us the comforts of life to which we’ve become accustomed.
Additionally, environmental protections save lives by reducing world hunger, global warming, natural disasters, polluted water and soil, and pesticides. In the process, efforts can reduce animal extinction while also protecting animal welfare. Their lives depend on the ecosystems in which they live.
Lastly, protections can allow fields to lie fallow long enough to replenish nutrients. Less contamination of groundwater would also add vitamins and minerals to food. With fewer areas overrun by people, the planet can do its job properly and provide vegetation that improves food and air quality.
What is economic sustainability?
Economic sustainability refers to policies that promote long-term economic growth while minimizing negative effects on the community's social, environmental, and cultural components. Some actions that damage the earth include burning fossil fuels, causing food waste, leveraging damaging manufacturing methods, and contributing to climate change. Sustainable options allow for better business practices that are less harmful to the environment.
In addition, economic sustainability comprises financial costs and benefits and aims to support society and its well-being.
An ideal, sustainable economy achieves the greatest level of general well-being while using the fewest resources and causing the least amount of environmental harm. To be fully sustainable economically, the overall demand for natural resources must be smaller than the renewable supply of resources available in nature.
Businesses cannot rely on exponential population expansion and hazardous environmental practices to sustain economic growth; this thinking is already causing a disaster in our world. To ever achieve environmental sustainability, we must adopt a new way of doing business that promotes the health of the environment and people.
Why is economic sustainability important?
First and foremost, we should all be familiar with the environment. All living creatures exist within their own favored zones of the environment; hence, it is difficult to ignore our impact on the planet. Although the environment can persist in its natural condition, human involvement has wreaked havoc on many ecosystems. Therefore, it is critical that we safeguard our environment to continue to live on this planet in a healthy and secure environment.
What is social equity in sustainability?
Social equity is the fair treatment and participation of all individuals and communities in establishing, implementing, and enforcing environmental laws, regulations, and policies, regardless of race, gender, country of origin, or income level. Uneven distribution of resources such as clean air, water, housing, and public space are addressed through social equity. The higher risk of storm damage for specific populations is a social equity concern. Furthermore, social equity concerns the exclusion of people or groups from full involvement in climate adaptation decisions depending on their income, neighborhood, or social standing.
Why is equity important to sustainability?
The ability of a community to deal with climate-related events and disasters is influenced by both environmental circumstances and economic opportunities. With equity, local groups can promote awareness and support grassroots activities in places where marginalized groups are at risk from storms, flooding, or other climate-related catastrophes by campaigning for improvements across various topics.
Another aspect of equity is the democracy factor, meaning each person has the same power to influence the decisions made by their government and, as a result, has equal access to the resources needed to engage in the political process and make informed decisions. As communities develop and evolve, some residents' voices may be ignored, and their requests may go unfulfilled.
For example, unless measures are taken to offset the consequences of limiting the housing supply or increasing land costs, managed growth might raise home prices. In addition, lower-income and minority communities have been proven to be disproportionately exposed to pollution and environmental risks.
Minorities, people with disabilities, elders, and other underprivileged inhabitants make up marginalized communities, often linked by financial difficulties. Getting these groups involved and including a larger section of your community will increase the number of individuals contributing to sustainability goals like growing green job employment and reducing greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption.
How is sustainability being measured?
Several factors are considered when measuring sustainability, such as environmental, social, and economic. Please keep in mind that the term "sustainable" refers to the company's environmental impact and its economic and social implications. Some sustainable indicators are not easily measurable in the short term; however, businesses need to look at five main indicators.
The first factor focuses on conformity, or respecting sustainable rules internationally. Second, materials and their performance require measurement to reduce waste and emissions. Third, the effects the company has on the environment need attention.
Next, and possibly the most important, is the supply chain and the product lifecycle. This metric emphasizes the business features that are unique to the company. It is critical to consider the entire product lifecycle, from raw material selection to final disposal, when describing a company as "sustainable." As a result, it's critical to know whether the suppliers use renewable energy sources and the quantity of CO2 produced by transporting the products, and whether they can be recycled or reused.
Finally, the last indicator centers on the sustainable system implemented in the company. This metric depicts how the organization behaves in a social setting. It assesses national and international ties and their impact on the local environment. This metric also depicts the impact on the employees' and community's quality of life.
By analyzing these sustainability indicators, we may establish a critical perspective of our company's sustainability and identify areas that need improvement to achieve a good balance of sustainability actions in terms of social, environmental, and economic factors.
What is sustainable reporting?
A sustainability report is the primary instrument an organization or company can use to proactively share its environmental, social, and governance (ESG) performance and impact—both positive and negative. Stakeholders should be able to understand the material in the report. Furthermore, a sustainability report's major objective is to provide transparency on a company's contribution to sustainable development; it's also used to hold stakeholders accountable.
Why are sustainability standards and certifications important?
Building and maintaining trust in businesses and governments is essential for a prosperous world and a sustainable global economy. This is because businesses and governments make decisions every day that directly impact their stakeholders, such as those involving financial institutions, labor organizations, civil society, and citizens.
These judgments are rarely made only based on financial data, and they frequently take into account risks and opportunities related to several immediate and long-term considerations. These decision-making processes are increasingly incorporating sustainability issues.
A sustainable report must build and communicate the links between sustainability and the business by regularly accumulating and updating the information. The report aids in the improvement of organizational management by recognizing risks, identifying energy-saving opportunities, avoiding compliance concerns, and so on. In addition, it improves internal communication and fosters a sense of belonging among employees.
Next, the report can help improve the organization's image and reputation by demonstrating its commitment to sustainable development through a variety of sustainable services and its social and environmental contributions. Because the report is based on internal consensus, it is a credible source of information available on a regular basis.
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyInspire Clean Energy
We're on a mission to transform the way people access clean energy and accelerate a net-zero carbon future.
Learn more about Inspire →Explore more
Recent Posts
Top Articles

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/blog/clean-energy-101/advantages-disadvantages-fossil-fuels

Disadvantages of Fossil Fuels: Some Pros But Mostly Cons of Fossil Fuels & Oil Use
Inspire Clean Energy
0 min read
category: Clean Energy 101
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyFossil fuels have helped our civilization get to where it is today. We use them to power our homes, factories, and vehicles—but that’s changing. With an increasing understanding of the detrimental effects of fossil fuels on the planet—like air pollution and climate change—it has become clear that the sooner we can ditch fossil fuels, the better.
That’s why we are driving the change to clean, renewable energy. Our customers are passionate about protecting the environment from further harm. If you want to join us in our fight for a cleaner world, learn about changing energy plans.
- What are fossil fuels?
- What are the disadvantages of using fossil fuels?
- Do the advantages of fossil fuels outweigh the disadvantages?
- What alternatives are out there without the disadvantages?
- What is coal?
- What is crude oil?
- What is natural gas?
- What are the advantages of using fossil fuels?
- How do fossil fuels pollute the environment?
- What are the benefits of replacing fossil fuels with renewable energy?
- How much energy comes from fossil fuels, and can renewable energy replace it?
- How can businesses reduce pollution from fossil fuels?
- How can individuals reduce pollution from fossil fuels?
- Give up fossil fuels for good
- Frequently asked questions about fossil fuels
What are fossil fuels?
You may have heard people joke about how fossil fuels are essentially dead dinosaurs, and that’s actually not too far from the truth! Fossil fuels are plant and animal matter that died millions of years ago and have been subjected to heat and pressure over millions of years.
Fossil fuels come in three major groups:
- Coal – mined and fuels 1/3 of the world’s power (largest consumers are China, India, and the U.S.)
- Crude oil – pumped up through the earth and split through refining to produce different oils we use for fuel (like gasoline, diesel, kerosene, and such)
- Natural gas – mainly methane, which is found near oil deposits (caused the development of the controversial fracking process)
What are the disadvantages of using fossil fuels?
So now we know why they’re still in use, but why are we so keen to replace them?
1. Fossil fuels are nonrenewable: Once you burn a gallon of oil, it’s gone for good—and fossil fuels will run out. It’s estimated we have just 100 years of coal production left, 50 years of crude oil, and 50 years of natural gas. This is a major problem for us, our children, and our grandchildren. That’s why we help our customers switch to clean, renewable energy plans that replace harmful energy sources. If you want to join our fight, learn more about our energy plans.
2. Dangerous to produce: Mining is a potentially dangerous industry in which tragic disasters can happen. Despite developments in machinery, there’s still a human element that can come at a huge cost. Mining disasters aren’t a thing of the past. The Upper Big Branch Mine disaster in West Virginia in 2010 killed 29 men, the Sago Mine disaster in the same state just four years before cost 12 lives, and the Kohistan mine collapse in Afghanistan in 2019 cost at least 30 lives. Miners won’t stop being buried in mine collapses—or caught in mine fires—until we make the switch to cleaner electricity plans.
3. Refinery and oil rig explosions: Both oil and gas are volatile and flammable, and the instances of refineries and oil rigs exploding or occasions when fires break out are numerous. It is not just the damage caused or the risk to the lives of employees and firefighters, but also the danger of the noxious gases that are liable to be released. It is estimated that the June 2019 fire at the Philadelphia Energy Solutions refinery resulted in over 5,000 pounds of the deadly gas hydrofluoric acid to be released into the air.
4. Water pollution and oil spills: We often only hear about huge oil spill disasters, like the Exxon Valdez disaster in Alaska back in 1989, but small oil spills happen often. Crude oil kills almost everything it touches and can be devastating to local wildlife. The International Tankers Owners Pollution Federation estimates that between 1970 and 2016, spillages of oil totaled 5.73 million tons.
4. Water table poisoning from fracking: Fracking is a method of extraction that is incredibly harmful to the environment, but one serious worry is the pollution of our water table. It shouldn’t happen but can if proper precautions are not taken or if mistakes are made, and it can poison our water supply.
5. Air pollution and smog: Smog is caused when sunlight reacts with nitrogen oxide and volatile organic compounds (VOCs) in the atmosphere. Nitrogen oxide is a key emission from vehicles, factories, and coal power plants. VOCs are released from gasoline, paints, and solvents. The resulting photochemical smog is a health hazard all over the planet—particularly so in newly industrialized countries—and is believed to cause respiratory diseases like asthma and lung cancer. Changing energy plans even on a personal level will help give the world’s cities cleaner air.
6. Acid rain: Acid rain is formed by a chemical reaction between sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides mixing with water, oxygen, and other chemicals high in the atmosphere. The pollutants are mostly produced by fossil-fuel-burning power plants. Acid rain is a serious problem and damages trees, lakes, rivers, architecture, statues, crops, and wildlife.
8. Mercury emissions: Mercury is highly toxic and extremely damaging to the environment. A major contributor to mercury pollution is the combustion of coal. Coal-burning results in approximately 475,000 kg of mercury being released into the atmosphere.
9. Global warming: Global warming, or climate change, is still denied by some, but science almost unequivocally supports it. The major cause is the release of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. The burning of fossil fuels produces vast quantities of carbon dioxide and is a massive contributor to the growing problem the world faces. The burning of coal is thought to contribute 44 percent of the world’s carbon dioxide emissions. Around the world, petrol (gasoline) alone is said to be responsible for a third of carbon emissions. Though cleaner than both coal and crude oil, natural gas is responsible for around 20 percent of our carbon emissions. Using clean energy sources will go a long way toward halting and reversing the effects of global warming.
10. Land use and the impact on wildlife: The process of finding, extracting, producing, and transporting fossil fuels has no regard for local wildlife. In many parts of the world, if there are fossil fuels, everything else must move out of the way so it can be extracted. Habitats are regularly destroyed, and massive scars—created by surface mines and other extraction methods—are left on the landscape.
To access clean energy sources, it’s not necessary to bore down into the earth’s crust, or destroy habitats. The footprint of clean energy farms is no different than that of farming, and many forms can be done out at sea. Plus, once a renewable energy farm has been set up, it can continue to be maintained in that location forever.
Do the advantages of fossil fuels outweigh the disadvantages?
In today's world, nonrenewable energy sources are unsustainable. They destroy the environment, both what we can see and that we can’t. magine a world in which people who live in cities don’t have to worry about the level of pollution when they walk outside. One where our energy does not come at a cost.
That’s the world we and our customers are committed to living in. We aren’t willing to compromise our health or the health of the planet simply because it’s easier not to think about it.
While fossil fuels do provide us with a source of cheap energy and may minimize the cost of utilities in the short run, there are many other costs associated with fossil fuels that we need to account for. For instance, climate change has contributed to more frequent extreme weather events. Between 2016 and 2020, it is estimated that the United States spent approximately $606.9 billion on extreme weather events. Additionally, in order to protect coastal communities from rising sea levels, it is estimated that the U.S. will spend about $400 billion over the course of the next 20 years.
Of course, the economic cost is only one factor to consider when weighing the pros and cons of fossil fuels. There is also a human and environmental cost associated with fossil fuels that is hard to represent in terms of a dollar amount. Thus, in many respects, the disadvantages of oil and other fossil fuels as we use them today outweigh the benefits.
What alternatives are out there without the disadvantages?
Clean energy technology has come a long way in the last 20 years. It now produces approximately 11 percent of all energy in the U.S., and infrastructure is growing fast to allow it to take on a far greater percentage.
The top producers of clean energy are:
1. Solar energy: Solar power (using the light of the sun to produce electricity) is a major player in the clean energy game and is ready to step up to help replace fossil fuels. Solar energy capacity increased by 94 GW in 2018, up 24 percent from the previous year, and is growing fast.
2. Geothermal energy: Using the internal heat of the planet as a power source is an exciting recent development, and small- and large-scale installations will make a real impact in the coming years.
3. Wind energy: The wind turbine has revolutionized electricity production throughout the world. The wind is free, and the operational costs are almost zero. From 2000 to 2015, capacity increased by a factor of 25 to 430,000 MW. By 2018 it stood at 546,388 MW, and with only 1 MW required to power several hundred homes, more and more people are now able to use renewable energy. Wind energy is currently a source of clean energy we purchase on behalf of our customers.
4. Water energy: Hydroelectric is another fast-growing source of energy. Wave power is a more recent development, but an exhilarating one, and may prove to play a major part in the move to renewable energy.
What is coal?
Coal is a solid, carbon-rich rock that is classified into four types based on its carbon content: lignite, bituminous, sub-bituminous, and anthracite. Coal is a combustible sedimentary rock with a high carbon and hydrocarbon content. Coal is made up of the energy stored by plants that thrived in marshy forests hundreds of millions of years ago. Because coal takes so long to create, it is classified as a nonrenewable energy source.
Bituminous and sub-bituminous coal account for almost all the coal burning in the United States. However, regardless of its type, all coal is filthy and the most carbon-intensive fossil fuel we can burn in terms of emissions. Sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, mercury, and particulate matter are all produced by burning coal, and they are all harmful to human and environmental health. Another dangerous coal waste product is coal ash, which is difficult to recycle and can pollute waterways. According to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the United States generates 130 million tons of coal ash per year.
What is crude oil?
Crude oil, often known as petroleum, is a liquid fossil fuel primarily comprised of hydrocarbons. Oil can be found in subsurface reservoirs, sedimentary rock fissures, crevices, pores, and tar sands on the surface. Crude oil is obtained by drilling or mining into the earth. Oil is then extracted and transported to refineries by tankers, trains, trucks, or pipelines, where it is processed into usable fuels like gasoline, propane, kerosene, jet fuel, and even liquids that are used to create household goods like plastics and paint.
Unfortunately, the extraction process causes a slew of environmental and health issues, namely air and water pollution. Oil combustion is a substantial source of greenhouse gas emissions, accounting for 45 percent of all energy-related carbon dioxide emissions in the United States in 2020. In addition, pipelines, offshore drilling wells, and related equipment frequently leak, polluting oceans, marshes, freshwater sources, and other ecosystems.
What is natural gas?
Natural gas is classified as conventional or unconventional, depending on where it is found underground. Natural gas can be found in porous and permeable rock beds or mixed into oil reservoirs, and it is accessed using ordinary drilling techniques. Unconventional natural gas is any type of gas that is too difficult or expensive to recover through normal drilling, necessitating the use of a unique stimulation technique like fracking.
Since 2009, the United States has been the world's top producer of natural gas and the largest consumer of it, thanks to the invention and advancement of methods like fracking. Natural gas, which is abundant in the United States, provides about 30 percent of the country's energy demands and is the primary source of electricity.
Obtaining natural gas requires drilling, as it's collected from the earth. Fracking requires injecting high-pressure water, chemicals, and sand into a well, which cracks the rock, releasing natural gas. This method can be a drain on resources, as it requires anywhere from 1.5 million to 16 million gallons of water per well. Fracking also has the potential to harm nearby waterways, produce toxic wastewater, and induce earthquakes.
What are the advantages of using fossil fuels?
So, if we know fossil fuels are bad for the environment, why are they still in use and what are the advantages of fossil fuels?
1. A cheap source of energy: Fossil fuels are relatively cheap. It’s relatively easy to find and produce these fuels, and there was a huge supply. Plus, since fossil fuels have fueled our world for 250 years, there’s infrastructure in place to distribute them cheaply. That is now changing. As the supplies dwindle, the cost of finding new deposits goes up, and the expense involved in production skyrockets. Deeper wells and mines in more hostile environments equals more expensive energy— not to mention an even higher cost to the environment.
2. Reliability: Fossil fuels are dependable…at the moment. There are plenty of coalfields and large—if declining—deposits of oil and gas and, as fracking demonstrates, research into extraction is becoming ever more advanced.
3. Abundance: While fossil fuels were previously regarded as almost infinite, we now understand there is not a never-ending supply, and certainly not enough to fuel our growing population. However, the date scientists believe we will run out is far enough away that many in power don’t bother worrying about it.
4. Useful byproducts: Plastics have revolutionized the way we live. Look around—how many plastic objects surround you? You’re likely touching some form of plastic right now. Of course, plastics have their problems, especially when used as a single-use item and thrown out afterward. Without fossil fuels, we would not have plastic.
How do fossil fuels pollute the environment?
Because they are generated from the petrified, buried remains of plants and animals that existed millions of years ago, coal, crude oil, and natural gas are all considered fossil fuels. Fossil fuels have a high carbon content due to their origins. Using fossil fuels for energy has taken a huge toll on humans and the environment, as they contribute to air pollution, water pollution, and global warming.
Nitrogen pollution impacts not just the quality of the air we breathe, but the land and water as well. While nitrogen is the most abundant element in the air and is necessary for plant and animal life to survive, human activities that produce nitrogen—such as electric power generation, industrialization, transportation, and agriculture— disrupt the natural equilibrium of nitrogen in the ecosystem.
When fossil fuels are burned, nitrogen oxides are released into the atmosphere, which contributes to smog and acid rain. Nitrogen oxides are the most prevalent nitrogen-related chemicals added to the air by human activity. The combustion of fossil fuels connected with the transportation industry accounts for most nitrogen oxides emitted in the U.S. as a result of human activity.
What are the benefits of replacing fossil fuels with renewable energy?
Replacing fossil fuels with environmentally friendly renewable energy offers significant benefits. Renewable energy sources like wind and solar take less of a toll on the environment and provide more usable energy than fossil fuels while also being more affordable. We still have a ways to go to encourage clean energy usage and reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy. With the government's help and environmentally aware individuals, we can reduce fossil fuel usage and make the switch to renewable energy.
How much energy comes from fossil fuels, and can renewable energy replace it?
Most coal and fossil fuels came from millions of years ago. Petroleum products account for around 37 percent of total energy consumption in the United States, which is the largest consumer of transportation fuels. The United States has been on an upward trend for more than a decade, as a result of improving horizontal drilling techniques and increasing hydraulic fracturing output.
Despite the fact that the market share of natural gas has increased significantly in the last decade, renewable energy has grown at a quicker rate than any other fossil fuel. It's logical to expect that the United States will continue to invest in and expand renewable energy, where the percentage of renewables will take share away from fossil fuels, and the country will lean more into clean energy for the foreseeable future.
How can businesses reduce pollution from fossil fuels?
Businesses can reduce pollution by implementing emissions management and reduction, boosting energy efficiency, and investing in renewable energy. Environmentally aware companies are creating annual greenhouse gas inventories and setting long-term emissions reduction objectives to better understand and control their greenhouse gas emissions.
Another way for businesses to reduce their emissions is by offering employees more flexible hours. Companies can reduce pollution with fewer cars on the road by allowing applicable employees to work from home. Cars emit a lot of pollution as commuters drive to work, which indirectly adds to a company's carbon footprint. By providing a flexible schedule where work-from-home days are encouraged whenever possible, the amount of pollution produced by employees due to commuting will be reduced.
How can individuals reduce pollution from fossil fuels?
Individuals can do their part to reduce pollution by conserving energy and minimizing vehicle miles. Acid rain, harmful greenhouse gases, and health concerns are all caused by air pollution from fossil fuel usage. Conserving energy is one key measure you can take to reduce airborne pollution. Turning off lights, computers, televisions, and other electrical equipment when not in use is an easy way to do this.
You can purchase energy-efficient appliances such as air conditioners, heaters, refrigerators, and washing machines. Products and buildings that have earned the Energy Star label consume at least 10 percent less energy than normal models. With energy-efficient appliances, you can reduce your carbon footprint while also lowering your electric bills.
As previously stated, automobiles emit huge volumes of nitrogen oxide, which harm the environment. Consider minimizing the amount of time you drive, carpool, or take public transit to help reduce air pollution from cars. Think about walking or biking instead of driving whenever possible. And, as always, reduce, reuse, and recycle.
If you’re looking to make a positive impact on the planet, consider switching your home's electricity supply to Inspire. When you become an Inspire member, not only will you have access to 100 percent clean energy and help avoid carbon emissions, you will receive a predictable monthly price for your electricity supply to reduce bill volatility throughout the year. Just one year of accessing clean energy with Inspire can have an impact greater than seven years of recycling. And that’s not all—for every year you are an Inspire member, we'll provide clean energy solutions to one person in critical need through our Brighter World Project with GivePower.
Give up fossil fuels for good
Fossil fuels are a finite resource and need to be replaced as soon as possible to prevent further harm to the environment. Clean energy is the only way forward. Coal, oil, and gas pollute and harm the planet. If we want our children and their children to have a healthy world to live in, we have to invest in new technologies that are clean, renewable, and safe.
It’s also never been easier to take control of your energy sources. Unlike investing in an electric vehicle, switching your energy supply to Inspire doesn’t require thousands of dollars or the space to keep one. In just a few minutes, you can make the switch to clean energy with us.
Change energy plans today—the planet will thank you.
We are a renewable energy company passionate about empowering our customers to do the right thing for the environment, themselves, and their families. We want to make it easy and affordable to choose clean energy.
Frequently asked questions about fossil fuels:
What are the disadvantages of using fossil fuels as an energy source?
Burning fossil fuels releases harmful gases that contribute to climate change. As if that’s not bad enough, fossil fuels will run out within the next century or so due to our heavy reliance on them.
Where does carbon dioxide come from?
Carbon dioxide is a byproduct of many processes, from burning fossil fuels to the air we exhale. As the most prominent greenhouse gas, carbon dioxide plays a key role in climate change. When carbon dioxide is released into the atmosphere due to the burning of fossil fuels, it stays in the atmosphere and absorbs energy from the sun. This, in turn, causes temperature on the planet to gradually rise, a phenomenon known as global warming.
What is the biggest problem with oil?
There are a few major problems with oil. First of all, the burning of oil leads to increased greenhouse gas emissions and pollution that can damage air quality and contribute to health problems. Additionally, the extraction of oil can damage the environment in a way that’s often irreversible. This creates a disruption in wildlife habitats, which can lead to unforeseen consequences for the environment.
Why are fossil fuels bad?
There are many disadvantages of fossil fuels. Fossil fuels are an unsustainable source of energy that make a lasting negative impact on the environment. But, in short, the problem with fossil fuels is they require disrupting the earth to source and produce harmful byproducts.
Is renewable energy better than fossil fuels?
Yes! Renewable energy doesn’t harm the environment, and we can continue producing it forever. Using alternative energy sources like solar, wind, geothermal, and hydroelectric, we can sustainably produce energy without having to deal with the cons of fossil fuels.
Why can’t we stop using fossil fuels?
We can, it’s just going to take time. There’s a lot of money in fossil fuels, so consumers have to vote with their wallet and show energy companies they want clean energy. With the advancement of clean energy infrastructure, there will be a shift away from fossil fuels, which will allow us to phase out their usage.
What are the disadvantages of using fossil fuels?
So now we know why they’re still in use, but why are we so keen to replace them?
It's not necessary to bore down into the earth's crust or destroy habitats to access clean energy sources. The footprint of clean energy farms is no different from that of farming, and many forms can be done at sea. Plus, once a renewable energy farm has been set up, it can continue to be maintained in that location forever.
Do the advantages of fossil fuels outweigh the disadvantages?
In today's world, nonrenewable energy sources are unsustainable. They destroy the environment, both what we can see and what we can’t. imagine a world where people who live in cities don’t have to worry about the level of pollution when they walk outside. One where our energy does not come at a cost.
That’s the world we and our customers are committed to living in. We aren’t willing to compromise our health or the health of the planet simply because it’s easier not to think about it.
What alternatives are out there without the disadvantages?
Clean energy technology has come a long way in the last 20 years. It now produces approximately 11% of all energy in the U.S., and infrastructure is growing fast to allow it to take on a far greater percentage.
The top producers of clean energy are:
Frequently asked questions about fossil fuels:
What is coal?
Coal is a solid, carbon-rich rock that is classified into four types based on its carbon content: lignite, bituminous, sub-bituminous, and anthracite. Coal is a combustible sedimentary rock with a high carbon and hydrocarbon content. Coal is made up of the energy stored by plants that thrived in marshy forests hundreds of millions of years ago. Because coal takes so long to create, it is classified as a nonrenewable energy source.
Bituminous and sub-bituminous coal account for almost all the coal burning in the United States. However, regardless of its type, all coal is filthy and the most carbon-intensive fossil fuel we can burn in terms of emissions. Sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, mercury, and particulate matter are all produced by burning coal, and they are all harmful to human and environmental health. Another dangerous coal waste product is coal ash, which is difficult to recycle and can pollute waterways. According to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the United States generates 130 million tons of coal ash per year.
What is crude oil?
Crude oil, often known as petroleum, is a liquid fossil fuel primarily comprised of hydrocarbons. Oil can be found in subsurface reservoirs, sedimentary rock fissures, crevices, pores, and tar sands on the surface. Crude oil is obtained by drilling or mining into the earth. Oil is then extracted and transported to refineries by tankers, trains, trucks, or pipelines, where it is processed into usable fuels like gasoline, propane, kerosene, jet fuel, and even liquids that are used to create household goods like plastics and paint.
Unfortunately, the extraction process causes a slew of environmental and health issues, namely air and water pollution. Oil combustion is a substantial source of greenhouse gas emissions, accounting for 45 percent of all energy-related carbon dioxide emissions in the United States in 2020. In addition, pipelines, offshore drilling wells, and related equipment frequently leak, polluting oceans, marshes, freshwater sources, and other ecosystems.
What is natural gas?
Natural gas is classified as conventional or unconventional, depending on where it is found underground. Natural gas can be found in porous and permeable rock beds or mixed into oil reservoirs, and it is accessed using ordinary drilling techniques. Unconventional natural gas is any type of gas that is too difficult or expensive to recover through normal drilling, necessitating the use of a unique stimulation technique like fracking.
Since 2009, the United States has been the world's top producer of natural gas and the largest consumer of it, thanks to the invention and advancement of methods like fracking. Natural gas, which is abundant in the United States, provides about 30 percent of the country's energy demands and is the primary source of electricity.
Obtaining natural gas requires drilling, as it's collected from the earth. Fracking requires injecting high-pressure water, chemicals, and sand into a well, which cracks the rock, releasing natural gas. This method can be a drain on resources, as it requires anywhere from 1.5 million to 16 million gallons of water per well. Fracking also has the potential to harm nearby waterways, produce toxic wastewater, and induce earthquakes.
How do fossil fuels pollute the environment?
Because they are generated from the petrified, buried remains of plants and animals that existed millions of years ago, coal, crude oil, and natural gas are all considered fossil fuels. Fossil fuels have a high carbon content due to their origins. Using fossil fuels for energy has taken a huge toll on humans and the environment, as they contribute to air pollution, water pollution, and global warming.
Nitrogen pollution impacts not just the quality of the air we breathe, but the land and water as well. While nitrogen is the most abundant element in the air and is necessary for plant and animal life to survive, human activities that produce nitrogen—such as electric power generation, industrialization, transportation, and agriculture— disrupt the natural equilibrium of nitrogen in the ecosystem.
When fossil fuels are burned, nitrogen oxides are released into the atmosphere, contributing to smog and acid rain. Nitrogen oxides are the most prevalent nitrogen-related chemicals added to the air by human activity. The combustion of fossil fuels connected with the transportation industry accounts for most nitrogen oxides emitted in the U.S. as a result of human activity.
What are the benefits of replacing fossil fuels with renewable energy?
Replacing fossil fuels with environmentally friendly renewable energy offers significant benefits. Renewable energy sources like wind and solar take less of a toll on the environment and provide more usable energy than fossil fuels while also being more affordable. We still have a ways to go to encourage clean energy usage and reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy. But with the government's help and environmentally aware individuals, we can reduce fossil fuel usage and make the switch to renewable energy.
How much energy comes from fossil fuels, and can renewable energy replace it?
Most coal and fossil fuels came from millions of years ago. Petroleum products account for around 37 percent of total energy consumption in the United States, which is the largest consumer of transportation fuels. The United States has been on an upward trend for more than a decade, as a result of improving horizontal drilling techniques and increasing hydraulic fracturing output.
Despite the fact that the market share of natural gas has increased significantly in the last decade, renewable energy has grown at a quicker rate than any other fossil fuel. It's logical to expect that the United States will continue to invest in and expand renewable energy, where the percentage of renewables will take the share away from fossil fuels, and the country will lean more into clean energy for the foreseeable future.
How can businesses reduce pollution from fossil fuels?
Businesses can reduce pollution by implementing emissions management and reduction, boosting energy efficiency, and investing in renewable energy. Environmentally aware companies are creating annual greenhouse gas inventories and setting long-term emissions reduction objectives to better understand and control their greenhouse gas emissions.
Another way for businesses to reduce their emissions is by offering employees more flexible hours. Companies can reduce pollution with fewer cars on the road by allowing applicable employees to work from home. Cars emit a lot of pollution as commuters drive to work, which indirectly adds to a company's carbon footprint. By providing a flexible schedule where work-from-home days are encouraged whenever possible, the amount of pollution produced by employees due to commuting will be reduced.
How can individuals reduce pollution from fossil fuels?
Individuals can do their part to reduce pollution by conserving energy and minimizing vehicle miles. Acid rain, harmful greenhouse gases, and health concerns are all caused by air pollution from fossil fuel usage. Conserving energy is one key measure you can take to reduce airborne nutrient pollution. Turning off lights, computers, televisions, and other electrical equipment when not in use is one way to do this.
You can purchase energy-efficient appliances such as air-conditioners, heaters, refrigerators, and washing machines. Products and buildings that have earned the Energy Star label consume at least 10 percent less energy than normal models.
As previously stated, automobiles emit huge volumes of nitrogen oxide, which harm the environment. Consider minimizing the amount of time you drive, carpool, or take public transit to help reduce air pollution from cars. Think about walking or biking instead of driving whenever possible. And, as always, reduce, reuse, and recycle.
If you’re looking to make a positive impact on the planet, consider switching your home's electricity supply to Inspire. When you become an Inspire member, not only will you have access to 100 percent clean energy and help avoid carbon emissions, you will receive a predictable monthly price for your electricity supply to reduce bill volatility throughout the year. Just one year of accessing clean energy with Inspire can have an impact greater than seven years of recycling. And that’s not all—for every year you are an Inspire member, we'll provide clean energy solutions to one person in critical need through our Brighter World Project with GivePower.
Give up fossil fuels for good
Fossil fuels are a finite resource and need to be replaced as soon as possible to prevent further harm to the environment. Clean energy is the only way forward. Coal, oil, and gas pollute and harm the planet. If we want our children and their children to have a healthy world to live in, we have to invest in the new technologies that are clean, renewable, and safe.
It’s also never been easier to take control of your energy sources, and, unlike investing in an electric vehicle, switching your energy supply to Inspire doesn’t require thousands of dollars or the space to keep one. In just a few minutes, you can make the switch to clean energy with us.
Change energy plans today—the planet will thank you.
We are a renewable energy company passionate about empowering our customers to do the right thing for the environment, themselves, and their families. We want to make it easy and affordable to choose clean energy.
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyInspire Clean Energy
We're on a mission to transform the way people access clean energy and accelerate a net-zero carbon future.
Learn more about Inspire →Explore more
Recent Posts
Top Articles

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/blog/clean-energy-101/how-much-energy-does-wind-turbine-produce

How Much Power Does A Wind Turbine Produce?
Inspire Clean Energy
10 min read
category: Clean Energy 101
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyWind Turbine Energy Output
How Do Wind Turbines Produce Energy?
We all know the world needs more renewable energy companies – wherever you stand on climate change, you’ve got to face the fact that fossil fuels are a finite resource and will, eventually, run out. If we want to live in the comfortable electricity-driven world we do now, we need to find alternate sources.
Some of the renewable energy sources we can use include solar, wind, biomass, and geothermal, and although no single technology will be the answer, bringing them all together helps lead the way forward.
Many people have found that changing from traditional energy plans powered by fossils fuels to unlimited renewable energy plans allow for instant access to clean energy, without the heavy investment of things like solar panels.
Another clean energy source that has already been growing around the world is wind turbines. These are huge structures that are strategically placed in perpetually windy places, to give them the best opportunity to generate the most energy.
But how do wind turbines actually work?
How is wind energy produced?
Wind energy is produced when we harness the power of our atmosphere’s airflow to create electricity. Wind turbines do this by capturing the kinetic energy of the wind (e.g. the moving energy).
There are currently three different types of wind energy, utility-scale wind power, distributed (small) wind power, and offshore wind power.
- Utility-scale wind power includes turbines of all sizes which deliver their power to the grid and are used by utility companies.
- Offshore wind power is exactly what it sounds like – these are huge wind turbines that are built out at sea and generate the most amount of power.
Of course, not all electricity running through the power grid comes from clean sources like wind and solar, most of it still comes from burning fuels. Even renewable fuels omit noxious gasses, so we need to be conscious of where our energy comes from.
You may not know this, but in many states, you can choose where your energy comes from. We empower our customers to choose energy that comes from clean sources, instead of harmful ones. Our customers choose clean energy and a subscription plan that’s right for them so they get a stable monthly bill, with the satisfaction that they’re helping the world get greener. If you’d like to find out more about how we can help you, click here.
How do wind turbines work?
Wind turbines are relatively easy to get your head around, and are often more easily understood when you think of them like a historic windmill that would use wind energy to grind grain.
When the wind blows past a wind turbine’s blade, the force is caught by it (this is called capturing its kinetic energy), and so the turbine starts to turn. The energy is now considered mechanical energy. Just like with the windmill, this turns an internal shaft. Unlike a traditional windmill, wind turbine shafts are connected to a gearbox which helps to increase the speed massively – typically 100 times more.
This spinning is connected to a generator, which produces the electricity. That’s all you really need to know, but if you’re interested in the technical terms, these same elements are called a mast, a nacelle and a rotor. The mast supports the rotor and nacelle, and the nacelle contains the mechanical parts. The masts or towers are hollow and made predominantly of steel. The blades are made of glass fiber reinforced with polyester, glass fiber reinforced epoxy or carbon fiber reinforced epoxy, which make them incredibly strong but also light enough for relatively gentle wind forces to get them spinning.
A wind turbine’s blades are much like airplane wings; the wind causes the three-bladed turbine to spin because the force of lift is greater than the force of drag. There are three because this produces the best compromise between rotational speed and mechanical reliability.
The rotor is connected to a generator through a series of gears so that the rotational speed is increased in the order of 100 times. This enables the generator to produce electricity and not be too large and expensive. Computers control the pitch of the blades and the direction they point to produce maximum power.
Most onshore wind turbines today are rated at 2.5-3 MW (megawatts), with blades of about 50m in length, about half the length of a football field. Just 30 years ago, the blades were a mere 15m long!
Do wind turbines produce AC or DC?
Electricity generators produce alternating current (AC) electricity. Some turbines contain a converter that changes the AC to DC (direct current) and back again to make the electricity produced match the frequency and phase of the grid it is connected to. The difference between these currents is that in AC currents, electrons keep switching directions, while in DC currents, they only ever flow in one direction.
What are the different types of wind turbines?
By far, the most common type of wind turbine generator is the horizontal axis wind turbine (HAWT). This is the one that has become a common sight either as individuals and small groups or in large numbers in wind farms. They resemble an airplane propeller on a tower.
Vertical-axis turbines, on the other hand, have been described as looking like eggbeaters. Vertical-axis turbines typically have two blades attached top and bottom of an upright rotor. These can be quite large but have gone out of fashion as they are not as efficient as horizontal-axis turbines.
There are several others that have been discarded as inferior, or are still in the prototype stage, including the Airborne Wind Turbine being developed by Altaeros Energies. This wind turbine is a bit like a cross between a balloon and a wind turbine, and would, in theory, be a much more visually appealing option, in that they wouldn’t disrupt the landscape. Only time will tell if any of these are viable alternatives to the HAWTs now in use around the world. How do wind turbines produce energy?
A wind turbine is designed to convert the kinetic energy of the wind into electricity. The bladed rotor is connected to a generator through a series of gears so that the rotational speed is increased in the order of 100 times. This enables the generator to produce electricity while not be too large or expensive. The electricity produced by the wind turbine is commonly transmitted to the power grid.
What is the most efficient type of wind turbine?
As of 2020, the wind turbine efficiency leader is the large, three-blade, horizontal-axis design, which is why more than 300,000 have been deployed. The aerodynamic blades generate more electricity than any other design, both because the lift produced moves the blades faster, and each blade is moving through “clean” air.
Also, because computers control the blades’ orientation, they are always operating to their optimum potential. Vertical-axis designs and other horizontal-axis designs cannot compete.
The other benefit of three-blade HAWT is that they scale up very well, much better, in fact than the alternatives. Large turbines generate equally large amounts of electricity, which for utility-scale electricity generation is vital. Check out our article dedicated to the advantages of wind energy for more information like this.
How much energy does a wind turbine produce?
A modern wind turbine begins to produce electricity when wind speed reaches 6-9 miles per hour (mph) and has to shut down if it exceeds 55 mph (88.5 kilometers per hour) when its mechanism would be in danger of sustaining damage. So, while they can generate electricity for much of the time, there are other times they have to be shut down.
There is also a reduction caused by the unavoidable inefficiencies involved in the mechanism, most wind turbines operate at around 30% – 40% efficiency though this may rise to 50% in ideal wind conditions.
It is reckoned that an average onshore wind turbine rated at 2.5 – 3 megawatts can produce in excess of 6 million kWh every year. A 3.6 MW offshore turbine may double that.
How much power does a wind turbine produce per rotation?
Wind turbines are getting bigger and producing more and more electricity all the time. In 2018, Swedish energy giant Vattenfall installed the first of 11 of its 8.8 MW turbines, made by Vestas, off the coast of Scotland. These colossal turbines have an overall height of 191m (627ft), and each blade is 80m (262ft) long. According to European Offshore Wind Deployment Center Project Manager, Adam Ezzamel, “just one rotation of the blades can power the average UK home for a day.”
Can 1 wind turbine power a house?
There are alternatives to the wind turbine behemoths used to generate electricity on a utility-scale. Small wind turbines that are rated 100 kilowatts or less can be used to directly power a home or small business. They can generate power in the same way as solar panels, in that the power can be stored for use in batteries, and should be able to power a home or place of business on a windy day. The problem comes when the wind drops for days at a time or rises too high for the wind turbine to work without becoming damaged.
The other, bigger, issue is that installing a wind turbine or solar panels comes at a huge cost. An easier solution is simply switching your fossil fuel driven energy plan at home or the office to a clean energy subscription. This will allow for instant savings, and there is no set-up fee.
Although installing solar panels or a wind turbine may pay off in the very long term, it is not a financial investment many people can make.
If you do decide to install one, turbines can be roof-mounted or stand-alone, depending on the situation. In very rare cases, excess electricity generated may be fed into the grid and actually make money for the owner (just like solar panels).
This is a growing sector of the market (you can even buy them on Amazon) and may, in time, be just as important as wind farms as we look towards cheaper sustainable energy sources.
The great thing about wind is it is free, and there’s a lot of it! It is hoped that, eventually, up to 50% of energy needs could be provided by the power of the wind. Already almost half of Denmark’s electricity comes from wind. By the end of 2018, worldwide capacity of wind-generated electricity reached nearly 600 gigawatts, with the US contributing 96,665 MW. The US Energy Information Administration estimates that a further 14,300 MW of wind power will come online in 2020.
Wind power is not the whole answer to the world’s energy needs, but it is already playing a vital part in helping us to adapt to a cleaner, more sustainable future.
At Inspire Clean Energy, we are a renewable energy company passionate about empowering our customers to do the right thing for the environment, themselves, and their families. We want to make it easy and affordable to choose clean energy.
Not sure if renewable energy is right for you? Read the latest Inspire Clean Energy reviews to see how we've helped customers make the switch.
Don't worry about climate change— do something about it.
Our clean energy plans are the easiest way to reduce your home's carbon footprint.
Switch to clean energyInspire Clean Energy
We're on a mission to transform the way people access clean energy and accelerate a net-zero carbon future.
Learn more about Inspire →Explore more
Recent Posts
Top Articles

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/blog/clean-energy-101

Discover what’s new in the world of energy and sustainability.
Featured articles
CATEGORIES
Clean Energy 101
Natural Gas Price Per Therm: How Much Does Natural Gas Cost?
What does natural gas price per therm? Do natural gas costs per therm vary by state? The cost of natural gas per therm can vary depending on location and other factors.
Inspire Clean Energy and GivePower Help Nepali Village Harness Solar Power
Inspire Clean Energy employees flew to Nepal to help GivePower install a solar microgrid on a health post in Bhakunde.
Is Renewable Energy Cheaper Than Fossil Fuels?
As renewable energy sources become more common, associated costs are plummeting. Learn how the cost of clean energy compares to the cost of fossil fuels.
Disadvantages of Fossil Fuels: Some Pros But Mostly Cons of Fossil Fuels & Oil Use
Fossil fuels are used to power the planet, but their use comes with major drawbacks. Learn more about the disadvantages of fossil fuels.
How Much Are Utilities Per Month For A House?
Learn about house utilites cost, how to calculate and estimate the cost of utilities, and what you can do to lower your utility bills.
Why Can't We Switch to Using More Renewable Energy Sources?
Why is renewable energy not widely used? Why is it hard to switch to renewable energy? If clean energy is so beneficial, why haven't we made the switch to renwable resources?
Why are Greenhouse Gases a Harmful Problem?
The greenhouse gas definition describes it as any gas that absorbs and emits radiation. Why are greenhouse gases a problem? Learn why and the different sources of greenhouse gases today.
History of Renewable Energy Timeline: 1800 - Present Day
This Earth Day we've rounded up our favorite innovative moments in history that have driven growth advancements in renewable energy technologies.
Renewable and Nonrenewable Resources: What is the Difference Between Them?
How are renewable and nonrenewable energy sources different? What are the similarities and how can we distinguish renewable and nonrenewable energy sources?
Types of Renewable Sources of Energy
There are lots of different types of renewable energy sources. Visit Inspire today to learn about the different types of renewable energy sources, how they work, and whether they are actually beneficial.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://inspirecleanenergy.com/blog/sustainable-living

Discover what’s new in the world of energy and sustainability.
Featured articles
CATEGORIES
Sustainable Living
Combating the Climate Crisis With Our Valued Partners
Discover how Inspire is tackling the climate crisis head-on by partnering with local generators and nature-based projects to provide innovative clean energy solutions.
How Much Does it Cost to Charge an Electric Car?
More and more people are turning to electric vehicles, which emit few or no tailpipe pollutants. Their numbers are increasing, and they’re better for the planet than their gas-powered counterparts, but how do electric cars compare when it comes to daily use—and its impact on your wallet?
What Is a Carbon Footprint and Who Is Responsible for It?
What is a carbon footprint, and who determines whether individuals or large corporations need to bear the burden of mitigating the effects of climate change.
How to Winterize a House: Essential Tips How to Winterize Your Home
In this post, we’ll take you through every step of the home winterization process, from the exterior to the interior, including heating and plumbing. We’ll cover the costs, the timing, and the equipment. We’ll show you how to prep a vacant house, how to get a lived-in home ready for winter, and how to winterize a mobile or manufactured home.
Moving Checklist: A Timeline & Checklist for Moving Out
Moving can be stressful, but we're here to help. This comprehensie moving checklist includes everything you should consider when planning a move and key milestones to meet.
What is a Heat Pump
In this post, we’ll tackle those questions while also explaining different types of heat pumps, how to install them, how a heat pump performs its cooling function and its heating function, and how homeowners can get tax credits for converting to a heat pump.
How to Winterize a Pool
In this blog, we’ll answer all of your how to winterize a pool questions, from when to start the process to how to winterize an in-ground pool, how to winterize an above-ground pool, and what pool winterization looks like in the Deep South versus in more northern climates.
Pennsylvania Family Summer Vacations: 26 Tips for Sustainable Vacation Ideas
Discover the best sustainable summer vacation ideas for your Pennsylvania family! Eco-friendly adventures, green getaways & sustainable PA family fun!
Average Electric Bill Per Month for 1 & 2 Bedroom Apartments
Learn the average electric bill for 1 and 2 bedroom apartments. Is your average apartment electric bill becoming too unpredictable? Get consistent and simple monthly payments with Inspire.
Power Local: Clean Energy With a Side of Local Impact
Looking for a way to make a real impact in your community? With Power Local, you can enjoy cleaner air, local jobs, a supercharged economy, and a greener grid—all while helping to protect the planet!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.inspirecleanenergy.com/policies/electronic-communications-disclosure

Electronic Communications Disclosure
Last Updated: 2022-07-28We want to provide you with communications electronically and conduct business with you electronically. Certain laws and regulations require us to provide communications to you “in writing,” which means you may be entitled to receive the information on paper. The Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (the “E-Sign Act”) allows us to provide you communications electronically and to conduct transactions with you electronically, with your consent. We also need your general consent to use electronic records and signatures in our relationship with you. Before we can provide you with any Services (as defined below), you must review and consent to the terms outlined below.
Please read this Electronic Signature and Communication Disclosure ("Disclosure") carefully prior to providing us with your consent. This Disclosure describes how we deliver and receive communications to and from you electronically, and asks you to consent to doing business with us electronically and to use electronic records and signatures in our relationship with you. If you do not agree to this Disclosure or you later withdraw your consent provided herein, you may not be able to continue to use our Services since they are provided electronically only.
The words "we," "us," and "our" means Inspire Energy Holdings, LLC, Inspire Digital Services USA, LLC, their agents, affiliates, representatives, service providers, assignees and successors, and the words "you" and "your" means you, the individual(s) and any entity on whose behalf you may be acting (if any), who has submitted a request for Services or otherwise uses, accesses or interacts with Services. "Communication" means each application, agreement, disclosure, notice, fee schedule, response to claims, statement, privacy policy, record, document and/or other information or documents related to the Services or that you sign, submit or agree to at our request. “Services” means each and every product or service we offer or will offer.
The Scope of Communications to Be Provided in Electronic Form This Consent applies to all Communications and Services. When you agree to the terms of this Disclosure, you agree that we may provide you with Communications in electronic format, to the extent allowed by law, unless and until you withdraw your consent as described below. Your consent to receive Communications and initiate and enter into transactions electronically includes, but is not limited to:
- All legal and regulatory disclosures and communications associated with the Services;
- Services terms and conditions and any and all agreements by and between you and us that relate to Services, as well as any amendments to those terms and agreements;
- Privacy policies and notices;
- Responses to claims filed in connection with Services;
- Statements and account disclosures;
- All communications between us and you concerning the Services and any related transactions, products or services; and
- Any notices provided by a utility providers or any other third party in connection with the Services. Sometimes the law, or our agreement with you, requires you to give us a written notice. You must still provide these notices to us on paper, unless we specifically tell you in a Communication how you may deliver that notice to us electronically.
Method of Providing Communications to You in Electronic Form
All Communications that we provide in electronic form will be provided either (1) by e-mail, (2) by access to a website designated in an email notice from us, (3) through any mobile application we may make available, (4) to the extent permitted by law, by access to a website generally designated in advance for such purpose, or (5) in the manner specified in any other agreement we or our affiliates have with you. If you seek to obtain a new product, service or account with us, we may, but are not required to, remind you that you have already consented to receiving electronic Communications and using electronic signatures in your relationship with us.
Services terms and conditions and any and all agreements by and between you and us that relate to Services, as well as any amendments to those terms and agreements; Privacy policies and notices; Responses to claims filed in connection with Services; Statements and account disclosures; All communications between us and you concerning the Services and any related transactions, products or services; and Any notices provided by a utility providers or any other third party in connection with the Services. Sometimes the law, or our agreement with you, requires you to give us a written notice. You must still provide these notices to us on paper, unless we specifically tell you in a Communication how you may deliver that notice to us electronically. Method of Providing Communications to You in Electronic Form All Communications that we provide in electronic form will be provided either (1) by e-mail, (2) by access to a website designated in an email notice from us, (3) through any mobile application we may make available, (4) to the extent permitted by law, by access to a website generally designated in advance for such purpose, or (5) in the manner specified in any other agreement we or our affiliates have with you. If you seek to obtain a new product, service or account with us, we may, but are not required to, remind you that you have already consented to receiving electronic Communications and using electronic signatures in your relationship with us. How to Withdraw Consent You may withdraw your consent to receive Communications in electronic form by contacting us at help@inspirecleanenergy.com or by calling us toll-free at 866-403-2620. We will not impose any fee to process the withdrawal of your consent to receive electronic Communications; however, if you withdraw your consent, we may terminate your access to the Services. Any withdrawal of your consent to receive electronic Communications will be effective only after we have a reasonable period of time to process your withdrawal. If you withdraw consent, the legal validity and enforceability of prior Communications delivered in electronic form will not be affected. How to Update Your Records It is your responsibility to provide us with true, accurate and complete e-mail address, contact information, street address, and other information related to this Disclosure or Services and to maintain and update promptly any changes in this information. You can update such information (such as your e-mail address) by contacting us at help@inspirecleanenergy.com or by calling us toll-free at 866-403-2620. We are not responsible for any delay or failure in the receipt of the Communications if we send the Communications to the last e-mail address you provided to us. Hardware and Software Requirements In order to access, view, retain, and receive Communications that we make available, you must have: A computer with an internet connection with 128-bit encryption that is running Mac OS X or higher, or Windows 7 or higher, and Safari, Internet Explorer 10 or higher, Chrome or Firefox or a mobile device that: is running iOS 6.0 or higher, or Android 4.0 or higher and Safari, Android Browser or Chrome A valid email address Sufficient storage space to save Communications and the capability to print the Communications from your computer or mobile device A current version of a program that accurately reads and displays Portable Document Format or "PDF" files, such as Adobe® Acrobat Reader® version 8.0 and above We may update these requirements as necessary to preserve the ability to receive electronic Communications. Continuing to use our Services after receiving updates to our Hardware and Software Requirements signifies your acceptance of the change and reaffirmation of your consent and we will not send you notice of the change, unless required by law. Requesting Paper Copies You can obtain a paper copy of a Communication by printing it yourself or by requesting that we mail you a paper copy. We will not send paper copies of any Communication; however, we reserve the right, but assume no obligation, to provide a paper (instead of electronic) copy of any Communication that you have authorized us to provide electronically. To request a paper copy, contact us at help@inspirecleanenergy.com or by calling us toll-free at 866-403-2620. We may charge you a reasonable service charge for the delivery of paper copies of any Communication provided to you electronically pursuant to your authorization. We will disclosure any charge prior to delivery of paper copies of such Communication. Communications in Writing You agree that all electronic Communications shall be considered “in writing” and have the same meaning and effect as if provided in paper form, unless you have withdrawn your consent to receive Communications electronically and we have a reasonable period of time to process your withdrawal (as set forth herein). You should print or download for your records a copy of this Disclosure, and any other Communication that is important to you. Federal Law You acknowledge and agree that your consent to electronic Communications is being provided in connection with a transaction affecting interstate commerce that is subject to the federal E-Sign Act, and that you and we both intend that the E-Sign Act apply to the fullest extent possible to validate our ability to conduct business with you by electronic means. Termination/Changes We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to discontinue the provision of electronic Communications, or to terminate or change the terms of this Disclosure and conditions upon which electronic Communications are provided. Subject to the terms herein (see Hardware and Software Requirements), we will provide you with notice of any such termination or change to the extent required by law. Consent By clicking the checkbox and “Sign me up,” or “Agree” button or similar button or by applying for or using Services, you give us affirmative consent to provide you with electronic Communications as described herein and agree to the terms of this Disclosure. You agree that clicking the “Sign me up,” or “Agree” button or similar button or by applying for or using a Service is the legal equivalent of your physical signature on this Disclosure. No certification authority or other third-party verification is necessary to validate your signature, and the lack of such certification or third-party verification will not in any way affect the enforceability of your signature or any resulting contract. By providing your consent, you are also confirming that you have the hardware and software described above, that you are able to receive, retain and review electronic Communications, and that you have an active email account. You also confirm that you are authorized to, and do, consent on behalf of all the other account owners, authorized signers, authorized representatives, delegates, product owners and/or service users identified with your Services.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://help@inspirecleanenergy.com/plans

The concept of clean energy is quite simply inspiring. You earned a ten because energy should not just be a commodity. Considerations concerning environmental impacts make Inspire a top choice for my family.
Phil M.
Merchantville, New Jersey
Once you sign up, we’ve got you covered! Here’s what to expect as a new Inspire member.
We become your energy supplier
We purchase Renewable Energy Certificates ("RECs") on your behalf and work with your utility to become your energy supplier without interrupting your service.
Same bill, but cleaner
We purchase 100% renewable energy on your behalf and work with your utility to become your energy supplier without interrupting your service.
Here’s what people think

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://help@inspirecleanenergy.com/impact

A world of impact starts with you
When you sign up with Inspire for your home, you help make a meaningful impact on the planet in a matter of minutes.
8+ Billion
To date, Inspire members have helped avoid over 8.1 billion pounds of carbon emissions (CO2e) from entering Earth’s atmosphere.
Our clean energy plans make it easier than ever to take meaningful climate action. In just one year with us, you can make an impact equivalent to…*
Avoiding 4,604 pounds of coal from being burned
Driving 10,536 fewer miles in your car
Growing 68 tree seedlings for 10 years
Switching 156 incandescent light bulbs to LED
Recycling for 7 years
We're serious about standards
We need to go further and faster to address the climate crisis and build a world powered by clean, renewable sources. Sourcing energy from fossil fuels creates pollution, global warming, and all sorts of toxic stuff that harms the planet and our health. Our solution? Decarbonizing the residential energy sector by making clean energy accessible to all.
Inspire's commitment to clean energy standards
We support clean energy created by the sun, wind, and water.
Inspire's commitment to carbon offset standards
We support nature-based projects, such as avoided deforestation, that help draw down carbon emissions into the earth where they belong.
Join the movement for a better future

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------