ROOT: https://aegischp.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:46:54.884560Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://aegischp.com/

Dalkia provides a full spectrum of energy efficient technologies and services to commercial and industrial companies nationwide.
MoreDalkia U.S. Chiller Services has undertaken over 1000 projects over the course of 20+ years, servicing multiple markets in the region.
Combined Heat and Power can provide usable hot water for your building’s heating systems, while at the same time, providing off-grid power.
These controls provide true building energy management systems that can effectively integrate multiple energy systems and provide scheduled or automatic load management capabilities.
Dalkia can identify monetary and energy savings using real-time data along with analyzing your building's energy consumption with intelligent load management.
Our teams will ensure a safe and efficient turn-key upgrade implementation at your facility or facilities, with our program rollout capabilities to perform this work across the entire US geography.
Managed out of Dalkia’s centralized network operations center (NOC), our O&M technicians provide preventative maintenance services, troubleshooting, and warranty support for your new or existing on-site generation assets, ensuring that your equipment is operating at maximum efficiency.
Dalkia can further reduce energy and resource consumption by installing additional controls, performing whole-system recommissioning, and upgrading compressors or case motors as needed.
When there are sustainability goals to achieve, this retail supply contract can include up to 100% renewable electricity sourcing.
Dalkia Smart Infrastructure Solutions (SIS) helps leaders identify tactical and meaningful ways to improve public safety, energy efficiency, resiliency, and equity through modernizing infrastructure.
Today's advanced solar and storage technologies make them simpler and more cost-effective than ever before.
Dalkia has the capability to create, implement and install entire strategic energy management programs for large corporations with multiple locations, including private equity owned real estate, REITs and more.
Dalkia is now offering a new service tailored toward managing the building energy needs for large corporations. Learn about our strategic energy management to help you reach greenhouse gas emissions goals.
Dalkia goes beyond the role of consultant. Check out this article detailing our new strategic energy management service that allows us to operate as your trusted energy partner.
Dalkia Slashes Energy Costs and Shrinks Carbon Footprint for Great Wolf Lodge Across 10 Resorts.
EDF Group Subsidiary Dalkia Launches U.S. Division for Comprehensive Energy Solutions.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/digital-services

In reporting a company’s energy consumption, a utility can gather over 30,000 points of consumption data, yet invoice customers only 12 times per year. It’s no wonder there’s a gap in understanding throughout Corporate America about how to better manage energy consumption.
These controls provide true building energy management systems that can effectively integrate multiple energy systems and provide scheduled or automatic load management capabilities.
Regardless of your building type, Dalkia’s team can identify where the installation of controls will provide these efficiency benefits, then design and implement a cost-effective solution. With the building control overlays, our teams can unite buildings across a portfolio to gain access to real time or periodic data that can be analyzed, assessed and leveraged for more efficiency building operation. Dalkia US can do this on a project basis or an on-going 24/7/365 basis through our DESC US operation. The automated analytics provide insights to equipment failures and operational gains.
As utilities provide customers incentives for real-time adaptation of load management strategies, we’ll work with your team to identify required operating parameters and where energy costs can be dynamically managed. We’ll assess your facilities for manufacturing systems, primary or supplementary HVAC or refrigeration systems, then meter and monitor your energy loads to enable load shedding, time-shifted peak loads and management power consumption, all with the goal of reducing your utility bills.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/chiller-services

Dalkia U.S. Chiller Services has undertaken over 1000 projects over the course of 20+ years, servicing multiple markets in the region. Our chiller field service engineers have a minimum of 15 years of hands-on field chiller service experience, maintaining chillers from 100 tons to 10,000 tons. We offer fully comprehensive technical support programs to ensure all your chiller issues are covered without extra cost.
Dalkia U.S. Chiller Services offers an integrated set of services including:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/executive-team

JC Florenson
Vice President of Smart Infrastructure Solutions
Megan Gill
Chief Strategy Officer
Kyle Krow
Senior Vice President of Business Development
Dan Mizesko
President of Dalkia U.S. Chiller Services
Dr. Mark French
CSP, Chief Human Resources Officer

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/about-us

Along the way Dalkia has evolved through applying its skills, know-how and the advancing energy technologies to continuously provide reliable, cost-effective solutions to resource and sustainability challenges. We’ve also collaborated with a wide array of other energy companies, building an extensive international network of partners with complementary areas of expertise–all of which adds up to unmatched solutions delivered to our customers.
Since its founding in France in 1937, Dalkia has always focused on delivering efficient and effective solutions and services for managing building energy systems. It all started when Dalkia’s founders mobilized to assist a local hospital by stepping in to run their failed yet mission critical boiler operation. It was the market’s first energy performance contract. And 80+ years later Dalkia continues with this approach, but now as a 15,000 person $5 billion multi-faceted energy services business within EDF.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/dalkia-around-the-world

Solutions
Dalkia provides a full spectrum of energy efficient technologies and services to commercial and industrial companies nationwide.
Poland
Middle East
United Kingdom
France
United States of America

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/contact

Dalkia US Headquarters: 500 Cummings Center, Suite 4800 Beverly, MA 01915
Dalkia US Services Headquarters
59 Jackson Street,
Holyoke, MA 01040
Albuquerque, NM Office:
4000 Vassar Dr NE Suite. A Albuquerque, NM 87107
San Antonio, TX Office:
4410 Dividend Road
San Antonio, TX 78219
Main Office 413.536.1156
Toll Free: 877.903.5170

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/who-we-are

Since its founding in France in 1937, Dalkia has always focused on delivering efficient and effective solutions and services for managing building energy systems. It all started when Dalkia’s founders mobilized to assist a local hospital by stepping in to run their failed yet mission-critical boiler operation. It was the market’s first energy performance contract. 80+ years later, Dalkia continues with this approach, but now as a 15,000 person, $5 billion multi-faceted energy services business within EDF.
Along the way, Dalkia has evolved through applying its skills, know-how and the advancing energy technologies to continuously provide reliable, cost-effective solutions to resource and sustainability challenges. We’ve also collaborated with a wide array of other energy companies, building an extensive international network of partners with complementary areas of expertise–all of which adds up to unmatched solutions delivered to our customers.
The Dalkia team collaborates across geographies, technologies and management teams. In the US, this means working effectively with our US affiliates, who each bring a valuable piece of a comprehensive energy services offering.
Dalkia maximizes energy savings with a national footprint. Our team understands the unique characteristics of your buildings based on local operational imperatives, in addition to ownership, occupant and geographical considerations. Our team has coast-to-coast service capabilities and has implemented energy efficiency projects across the U.S., Puerto Rico and Canada.
To ensure we have a truly global reach, we can supplement our technical team with an extensive network of subcontractors and other Dalkia resources.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/the-dalkia-difference

Dalkia can conduct thorough building energy assessments for your building portfolio.
Our teams will review all aspects of your building and its energy consuming systems based on their type of use. This includes examining all your mechanical, electrical and building control systems, with a goal of identifying the best opportunities to reduce operational costs and increase energy efficiency.
Energy, sustainability and facility staff are faced with a fragmented and confusing technology landscape. There are many offerings, and the state of the market is rapidly maturing. Dalkia de-risks these circumstances by embedding technology in our offerings without being dependent on particular solutions. Moreover, we are technology-agnostic, which ensures that we select the best components and technology products for your firm’s specific needs. Dalkia will help you take advantage of new technology offerings without being locked into any particular products.
With our holistic approach, we’re able to study all the necessary information to make our best recommendations for your company. We will gather and analyze the information from our site visits, your past energy bills, and any temporary energy monitoring we’ve added to your building. We do this across your portfolio as necessary and prioritize the most pressing upgrades that can produce the biggest financial and sustainability benefits for your organization.
With our building assessments and analysis complete, we’ll develop an integrated set of recommendations for your team to consider. And once your team prioritizes building upgrades and operational techniques, Dalkia moves toward implementation planning, with detailed timelines, utility incentive opportunities, and manages logistics across all your facilities.
Dalkia takes a solution-centric approach to every project. Our team identifies the best opportunities for energy savings, while considering business, technical and implementation related requirements. Our customers have visibility into a range of energy management options, but select only those that are right for their operations. Dalkia can act as an expert consultant, identifying and ranking the energy savings opportunities. We also can lead the re-design of a specific building system. Or, we can perform full turn-key installations for building upgrades. Our offerings are flexible and tailored to our customers’ goals and requirements.
In today’s networked world, digital building controls offer new opportunities to add value to your building’s operations. Modern controls, which can be implemented by Dalkia, deliver advanced energy management and integrate multiple systems.
Regardless of your building type, Dalkia’s team can identify opportunities to add advanced controls to benefit your building’s operation. We will design and implement the most cost-effective solution.
We’ll work with your team to confirm your required operating parameters across manufacturing systems, primary or supplementary HVAC, lighting, or other systems. Dalkia also will meter and monitor loads to enable load shedding, peak-load shifting and power consumption management, all with the goal of reducing your company’s utility bill expenses.
Download Brochure (PDF)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/brochures/DES%20COMPANY%20BROCHURE%20(1).pdf

OUR APPROACH IS SIMPLE:
ENERGY SOLUTIONS — 
SUSTAINABILITY —
 SAVINGS —
ENERGY SOLUTIONS — SUSTAINABILITY — SAVINGS 

COMMERCIAL
For commercial office properties, energy costs can 
represent the largest single operating expense 
category. For Corporate customers, consistent 
scheduled roll outs are critical. Dalkia’s design team 
will work with those customers to develop high 
quality, repeatable projects with minimal disruption 
to tenants’ business operations. 
•
Brand
ing/Aesthetics
• Enhanced Pr
oductivity
• Employee W
ellness
• Connected Systems
• Ener
gy Reduction
• Space Ut
ilization
• Incr
eased Comfort
• T
enant Retention
SMART CITIES AND 
LOCAL GOVERNMENTS 
Working on solutions 
that apply to multiple 
problems by blending 
people, technology, 
and data to bring value 
to vibrant and diverse 
communities. Combining 
smart hardware and 
software into smart solutions creates real-world 
improvements in economic development, public 
safety, and environmental health.
•
Basel
ine assessment of field and
d
igital infrastructure
• Urban data cr
oss-analysis
• Community and user
-centric design
and planning
• Outcome-based financial and
contractual models
• T
urnkey implementation solutions
• Performance guaranty services
WHO WE SERVE
SERVICES & 
SOLUTIONS
Energy Efficiency Services
• Digital Building Contr ols, including
upgrades and advanced softwar
e
packages
• HV
AC solutions, including Chillers,
Boilers, R
TUs, Ventilation Systems
and V
ariable Frequency Drives
• Refrigeration Ener
gy Control Systems
• Industrial applications, including
steam, compr
essed air, and
pr
oduction systems
• Refrigeration systems Ener
gy
Contr
ol Systems
• LED Lighting and Contr
ols
• Other Solutions, such as Ener
gy
Pr
ocurement and Utility Bill Analysis
On-Site Energy
• Combined Heat and Power
• Solar + Storage
• Intelligent Load Management
• EV Char
ging
• Retail Ener
gy

WHO WE SERVE INDUSTRIAL, 
MANUFACTURING, 
DISTRIBUTION & 
STORAGE 
Industrial and 
manufacturing facilities 
are under pressure to 
r
educe their carbon 
footprint, save energy, 
and adhere to stringent 
conditioned space specifications. The challenge 
is to accomplish these goals without disrupting 
production or creating unplanned downtime. We 
partner with companies who need customizable, 
safe, reliable, and impactful energy savings projects 
that make environmental and economic sense
•
Compr
ehensive industrial assessments
and planning
• Strategic ener
gy management and
ener
gy savings planning
• Met
hodical and programmatic approach
for turnkey implementat
ion
• Smart l
ighting and controls
• Metering, monitoring and visibil
ity into unique
pr
ocess and facility data and cost centers
• Demand r
esponse
• Solar arrays, backup generat
ion
• VFDs/ ef
ficient motors
• HV
AC/RTU optimization
• Backup power generat
ion
• Combined heat and power systems
SUPERMARKET & RET
AIL
With long and steady energy 
consumption patterns, many 
grocery stores, supermarkets, 
and retails sites are prime 
candidates for impactful 
energy savings projects that 
can really move the needle 
when it comes to economic 
and sustainability goals. 
•
Impact
ful energy savings projects
wit
hout customer disruption
• Hol
istic energy assessment and project
implementat
ion
• LED l
ighting and controls
• Refrigerat
ion optimization and controls
• HV
AC and recommissioning
• Pr
ojects increase customer comfort and safety
• Refr
eshed and enhanced store aesthetics
• Nat
ional turnkey programmatic rollouts
HOSPITALITY
Hospitality spaces often have 
an always on mentality. While 
accommodating guests is a 
24x7, 365-day job, we focus 
on energy efficiency offerings 
and controls to pair energy 
usage with the actual 
demand 
of the hotel. We put 
quantitative numbers to how 
improvements will impact the bottom line while 
improving guest comfort.
• Nat
ional portfolio wide installation
• Customized pr
ojects that deliver on
clear investment opportunit
ies
• LED l
ighting focused on guest experience
• HV
AC optimization and controls upgrades
to leverage exist
ing equipment
• Impr
oved humidity control
• Acumen to execute on ener
gy investments for
al
l systems on operationally complex properties
• Impr
oved security, increased safety
• Reduced maintenance cost
SENIOR LIVING
Our ener
gy efficiency experts 
can identify and actualize 
savings opportunities that will 
improve resident experience, 
reduce energy consumption, 
and increase asset value. 
We understand the friendly 
touch required to implement 
projects.
•
Uniform deployment of ener
gy savings
measur
es across a portfolio of sites
• Corporate visibil
ity at the site level
• HV
AC Indoor air quality (IAQ) control and
tracking for safe spaces
• Smart l
ighting and controls helps drive
r
esident comfort and occupancy rates
NATIONWIDE 
TURNKEY 
MULTI-SITE 
MULTI-MEASURE 


Utility, Rate
and Load
CHP and
backup
Digital
Services
HVAC
Solar and
Storage
LED
dalkiasolutions.com
200 Cummings Center Suite 177-c
Beverly, MA 01915
OUR APPROACH IS SIMPLE:
EXISTING 
CONDITIONS ANALYSIS IMPLEMENTATION SAVINGS 
EDF Group Dalkia Aegis Energy
DALKIA & EDF AFFILIATE COMPANIES
EDF Energy Services EDF Renewables

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/digitally-connected

In today’s networked world, digital building controls offer new opportunities to add value to your building’s operations. Modern controls, which can be implemented by Dalkia, deliver advanced energy management and integrate multiple systems. Regardless of your building type, Dalkia’s team can identify opportunities to add advanced controls to benefit your building’s operation.
Dalkia can outfit your buildings with advanced metering to capture a more detailed and complete picture of energy and resource consumption. Our teams will design and maintain these energy metering networks so that your on-site teams have reliable access to your facility’s energy consumption information. This data enable our engineers to create your energy baselines, model scenarios and recommend alternative paths to deliver energy savings, sustainability, and bottom-line business results. Once deployed, our meters and monitoring systems help us ensure that performance persists.
In 2013, Dalkia brought its top energy efficiency experts under one roof with a goal of delivering remote energy managed services to their customer’s portfolio of buildings across France. Today, that DESC platform service has grown to service buildings across the entire country, through seven different centers, leveraging the Dalkia-designed real-time data processing system.
Our DESC US is located in Holyoke, MA and provides this same comprehensive building energy overlay service regardless of building type or location. The approach involves accessing detailed operational data at the system and equipment level and leverages the latest intelligence tools to gain visibility, control and management integration for your building energy systems. Our 24/7/365 team delivers this on-going energy management service model to help our customers measure and track their key sustainability-oriented performance indicators.
We’ll work with your team to confirm your required operating parameters across manufacturing systems, primary or supplementary HVAC, lighting, or other systems. Dalkia will also meter and monitor loads to enable load shedding, peak-load shifting and power consumption management, all with the goal of reducing your company’s utility bill expenses.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/mission

We approach every project with the same goals – solve the problem, save energy costs, and build a sustainable solution that addresses the issue of our global climate.
Analyze the problem to identify a solution.
Implement Technology-agnostic and cost-conscious upgrades.
Use the most reliable and sustainable solution.
Listen – We communicate to understand the needs of our customers and colleagues.
Dignity – We believe everyone has the right to be treated fairly and with equality.
Trust – We are built on integrity. We are only as good as our word and our actions.
Sustainability – We are obligated to a culture of zero harm toward our people, the environment, our clients, and the communities we serve.
Ownership – We are a product of our actions and embody our organizational mission.
Accountability – We deliver on our commitments and clearly communicate our goals.
Innovative – We continuously seek to find better ways to perform old tasks.
Learning – We never stop asking the right questions for better solutions.
Open & Authentic – We are genuine in our approach to actions and speech.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/news

Dalkia is now offering a new service tailored toward managing the building energy needs for large corporations. Learn about our strategic energy management to help you reach greenhouse gas emissions goals.
november 9, 2021Dalkia goes beyond the role of consultant. Check out this article detailing our new strategic energy management service that allows us to operate as your trusted energy partner.
november 9, 2021Dalkia Slashes Energy Costs and Shrinks Carbon Footprint for Great Wolf Lodge Across 10 Resorts.
november 21, 2019EDF Group Subsidiary Dalkia Launches U.S. Division for Comprehensive Energy Solutions.
october 23, 2019

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/blog

The future is here—fossil fuels are slowly phasing out while hydro, nuclear, wind and solar power sources continue to grow in popularity. The evolving energy market will continue down this path as more and more governing bodies adopt new rules and standards to limit emissions. But is it happening fast enough? In this blog, we’re examining two recent energy outlook reports from the International Energy Agency and explaining how our various solutions can help you adapt to these trends while also saving money and reducing emissions.
Big changes are on the horizon to emphasize the bright future of solar power. In an effort to accelerate the deployment of this valuable energy-generation resource, the U.S Department of Energy’s (DOE) Solar Energy Technologies Office (SETO) has revised previous goals to now cut the cost of solar energy by about two-thirds by 2030. In this blog, we’re explaining the potential impacts of the new SunShot 2030 plan, and how your facility can benefit.
When it comes to the energy efficiency of modern lighting technology, the light-emitting diode (LED) is in a league of its own. But LEDs provide more than energy savings; these lights usually last far longer than other lighting types and can even emit light in specific directions. The safety benefits of LED lighting, however, are often overlooked. In this blog, we’ll discuss how LED lighting technology helps to improve safety in industrial and commercial facilities, as well as how we can help you make the switch to this cost-effective lighting system today—so you’re not left in the dark tomorrow.
From the large sails that pushed ships across the ocean to the tall mills that ground grain, wind energy has been harnessed by humans for thousands of years. But while the modern age has seen fossil fuels such as coal dominate electrical energy generation, renewable resources such as wind are making a comeback. Over the past few years, the United States Department of Energy (DOE) has issued findings that ultimately explored the impacts of a scenario in which 35 percent of the nation’s electricity is supplied by wind energy by 2050. In this blog, we’re looking at what these reports say about the future of wind energy and explaining how we can help your business achieve its green energy goals.
Climate change can disrupt all aspects of human life, contributing to rising sea levels, hotter days and severe weather that can negatively impact food production, among other consequences. While it may feel like this global crisis is only getting worse, businesses are in a unique position to lead the charge in mitigating the effects. That’s why it’s important for your business to consider forward-thinking sustainability initiatives that will help reduce your company’s carbon footprint. But you don’t have to do it alone—Dalkia Energy Solutions can be your partner in implementing projects at your facility that help the environment and make your facility more energy efficient.
Climate change is an urgent and ever-growing concern that can disrupt human life through an array of effects including rising sea levels, hotter days and destructive, severe weather. Despite the increased frequency of extreme climate events, skepticism over the issue has continued to grow. In response, our parent company, EDF Group, recently published a climate change study based upon opinion responses from people in 30 different countries across five continents. In this blog, we’re reviewing this new groundbreaking data and explaining how Dalkia Energy Solutions can help your facility lower the impact of your carbon emissions while also saving you money.
It’s a brand new year, and with that comes the opportunity to carefully assess the full energy landscape across the globe. Without a doubt, renewable energy has become much more popular over the past decade—between 2011 and 2020, the amount of electricity produced in the U.S. from solar and wind sources increased almost four-fold. And according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA), renewable energy sources such as wind, solar, biomass, geothermic and hydroelectric generated about 21 percent of all of the country’s electricity in 2020, beating nuclear and coal. With these figures in mind, it’s fair to say that green energy is already in the spotlight, but what is in store for the clean energy of the future? In this blog, we’ll be looking at some of the most critical energy trends to watch in the coming years.
Is your facility struggling with the rising price of natural gas? Shockingly, it’s already doubled this year and, unfortunately, the issue is only expected to worsen this winter—resulting in higher heating bills and higher electric utility costs. But we can help you fight back against rising energy prices with our array of on-site energy solutions.
In December, Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker released his “Massachusetts 2050 Decarbonization Roadmap” with several measures to lower greenhouse gas emissions. One of the major aspects of this plan requires all new cars sold in the state to be electric by 2035. As an energy efficiency company with our U.S. headquarters in Beverly, Massachusetts, we applaud this effort to lower the state’s carbon footprint and we can help your facility stay ahead of the curve in the adoption of electric vehicles (EV).
It may sound cliché, but it’s amazing what we can accomplish when the whole world works together. That’s the basic concept behind Zero Emissions Day—a time to reflect on the choices we can all make to reduce emissions and find more sustainable solutions. For one day, on September 21, the goal is to remove our reliance on fossil fuels while raising awareness for climate-friendly choices. This year, we invite you to discover the efforts we put forth each and every day as well as the ways our energy solutions can help set you on a path to net-zero emissions by 2050.
Hospitals never close shop for the day—doctors and nurses don’t get to punch out early. These facilities operate 24/7 for patients who need it, and the energy bills from all that necessary, life-saving machinery can add up. If you’re looking for a way to lower your energy bills while continuing to provide your patients with the best possible treatment, Dalkia Energy Solutions is just what the doctor ordered.
At Dalkia Energy Solutions, we have long specialized in optimizing HVAC units, which are frequently the largest energy consuming systems in a facility. With such a major share of the energy portfolio, there is always room to increase efficiency and deliver our customers a better return on their investment (ROI). Enhanced controls, now accessible at your fingertips, are the future of HVAC systems; you no longer have to invest in an expensive building management system (BMS) to achieve savings and maintain compliance. We can install, optimize and customize the system with other projects to drive the ROI of any facility
Energy efficiency is a constantly changing landscape; your systems become inevitably outdated with the passage of time. When that happens, you need to decide whether you want to retrofit or replace. Dalkia can act as your energy partner to help you make the most informed and financially responsible decision, put a plan into action and realize cost savings.
Lighting is one of the most important and energy-consuming systems in your building, so why not use the best for your entire operation? By taking advantage of all the LED opportunities for your facility, you will realize savings in a number of ways—offsetting installation costs with longer-lasting, more durable and higher-quality technology.
This May, it’s time to stand up for cleaner air. According to the American Lung Association, more than 45% of Americans are living in conditions with unhealthy air. We want you to join us in being part of the change during Clean Air Month—in this blog we’ll explain how we can help your facility chart a course for a greener future while improving your energy and cost-efficiency.
Big changes are coming for energy efficiency in both the short term and the distant future. In this blog, we’re taking a look at recent advances in the industry as well as the energy efficiency outlook for 2021 and beyond.
If you’ve watched any network news programming in recent months, you may have caught a segment on ESG Investing, an emerging acronym (and trend!) as corporate social responsibility becomes more readily embraced. In this blog, we’ll go over the ABCs of ESG Investing, explaining what it entails, why you should consider adopting some of greening strategies and how we can help implement them.
Energy efficiency. It’s probably a term you’ve heard tossed around as an idea to improve your facility’s bottom line and CSR, but what does energy efficiency mean? Essentially, it means using less energy to perform the same task. In this case, that means reducing fossil fuels and reducing your business’ carbon footprint by making current energy sources more effective.
A Grocer Achieves A New Level of Freshness.
Lidl US knows a thing or two about fresh produce. Operating over 11,000 stores across 32 countries, freshness is at the core of their business model. Now, by integrating some new technology, customers will experience a new level of freshness: air purity. And given the implications of COVID-19, the MERV 13 filtration solution will allow all involved (customers, vendors, employees) to breathe a collective sigh of relief.
Take a deep breath. Now, take another, but this time, pretend you’re on an airplane in coach. And again, but this time, you’re walking through a casino. Last one: imagine you’re in a meadow having a picnic. If we did a good job of sparking your imagination, you can surmise the central theme of this blog: air quality. A concern of many workers emerging from home offices making the return to their places of employment is the air quality of their offices and how ventilation could affect the spread of COVID-19. Here, we’ll dive into ways to create healthy buildings that will make them—your workforce, customers and visitors—breathe easier.
Reach Your Goals During COVID-19 and Beyond.
How is your facility’s energy efficiency?
Are You Doing Your Part? We Can Help.
Earlier this summer, we learned of The Climate Pledge after reading this blog from Amazon discussing the internet giant’s intent to reach net zero carbon by 2040, a full decade ahead of the Paris Agreement. An ambitious goal for sure, but after we stopped to consider how swiftly the company rose from being an online bookstore to the megastore and distribution center it is today, we realized that the timeframe and goal may not be too lofty of a feat after all.
Are bottom-line concerns holding you back from making energy efficiency upgrades to your facility? Knowing and understanding all of the available federal and local incentives for sustainable upgrades is a crucial factor in that decision-making process. One such incentive, the 179D tax deduction program, has now been extended through 2020.
For the first official time, here it comes… Happy New Year from Dalkia Energy Solutions! We are extremely proud to ring in 2020 with a greeting that, well, has a pretty great ring to it. October 2019 marked our formal introduction as the U.S. division of Dalkia, a subsidiary of France-based energy giant EDF Group, defining the excitement and historic evolution we experienced over the course of 2019—a year that reenergized us for more to come.
Whether you’re in the business of making or distributing widgets, raw materials, food or consumer goods, there inevitably is some heavy lifting involved. We understand the considerable planning that goes into your operational efficiency. That’s why when it comes time to evaluate ways to save energy in your warehouse or distribution center, we’d like you to leave the heavy lifting to us.
Cutting the energy consumption of a facility while increasing energy savings is the new standard of building management, rather than the exception. Over the last several years, n technologies have emerged to meet those goals, such as LED lighting and controls, which can cut energy bills by more than half while improving the quality and safety of the facility. But there’s so much more. Additional ROI-boosting features in LED lighting and other technologies prove that connectivity is the future of building management.
Ask anyone how they’ve selected their go-to grocery store or stores, and they’ll likely list off a menu of reasons: proximity to their home or place of work, product selection, available discounts, store aesthetics, overall comfort or experience. As a consumer yourself, you choose where to do business based on these same factors. But as a facilities professional, you know what stores need to add to their recipe to make it a good one for employees and shoppers alike. Here, we offer four energy challenges facing grocery managers and considerations to overcome them:
Impact investing is a rapidly growing investment strategy and is forcing REITs and private equity firms to increase their efforts on Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) programs. Broadly speaking, impact investing focuses on investing in companies whose services or products generate measurable, positive social or environmental impact along with financial return.
Facing ever-fluctuating energy prices, aging electrical grids and increasing concern for the environment, more businesses and facilities are turning to distributed generation as a key component of a successful overall energy strategy.
In June I was excited to use Turo’s novel car sharing app to rent a Tesla Model 3 while on a trip to San Fransisco. After pickup at Turo’s SFO airport location, I headed to Target in San Mateo, where the store hosts several Tesla superchargers. Unlike Tesla’s Model S and X, the Model 3 doesn’t come with free charging – so I pulled in knowing there would be a cost.
The energy efficiency community has fallen in love with Intelligent Buildings.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/distributed-generation-a-key-component-of-a-sustainable-strategy

Distributed Generation: A Key Component of a Sustainable Strategy
Facing ever-fluctuating energy prices, aging electrical grids and increasing concern for the environment, more businesses and facilities are turning to distributed generation as a key component of a successful overall energy strategy.
The traditional electric power paradigm relies upon centralized, large-scale combustion or nuclear power plants located far from the end users of power. In contrast, distributed generation uses small-scale technologies to produce electricity at or near the end user. Distributed energy can come from onsite generation sources like solar panels, wind turbines and combined heat and power (CHP).
According to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), “…when connected to the electric utility’s lower voltage distribution lines, distributed generation can help support delivery of clean, reliable power to additional customers and reduce electricity losses among transmission and distribution lines.”
Three ways we can help your facility with distributed generation
Groom Energy is uniquely positioned to assess your current and future energy needs, recommend and install solutions that will reduce your reliance upon the costly and aging traditional power grid and help you meet your sustainability goals.
- By reducing your consumption through energy-efficient solutions, you’ll immediately reduce costs, pushing you closer to your onsite storage and sustainability goals. Where facility integrity and local electric rates support positive economics, we can leverage our affiliate partnerships and install onsite generation like solar and CHP. These partnerships can provide options for sourcing the energy requirements not met by the previous steps, including renewable energy sources.
- We’re expert navigators, guiding you through the maze of shifting tax policies and incentives that govern the accounting for distributed energy. Because of high upfront capital costs, onsite generation has traditionally involved project financing like the Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) structures, which can receive off balance sheet tax and accounting treatment. New tax policies as of January 2019 have grown more stringent, but we can provide financial structures that meet those requirements. Lease options are also available, even when credit is an issue.
- The electrical vehicle (EV) charging market has exploded. More and more individuals, private companies and government facilities are adopting EVs to reduce their carbon emissions. The EV charging market will expand at the same time. Offering EV charging to environmentally conscious customers can be a terrific marketing opportunity for industries like hospitality and retail. EV charging can add to energy bills, but distributed energy like solar or batteries can counteract demand charge spikes. We can perform a detailed analysis of all energy sources on your bill and make recommendations that will curb your costs.
With distributed energy, you can free your facility from overdependence on aging, faulty grids and peak-time prices, all while hitting your sustainability goals. We provide proactive, remote control of efficient energy consuming systems without adverse impact to your occupants or operations. We’re your partners on the development of a comprehensive energy management plan. Get started with an energy assessment today.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/esg-and-impact-investing-the-effect-on-hospitality

ESG and Impact Investing: The Effect on Hospitality
Impact investing is a rapidly growing investment strategy and is forcing REITs and private equity firms to increase their efforts on Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) programs. Broadly speaking, impact investing focuses on investing in companies whose services or products generate measurable, positive social or environmental impact along with financial return.
When evaluating a company, an investor may use a tool like environmental, social and governance (ESG) criteria, which Investopedia defines as “…standards for a company’s operations that socially conscious investors use to screen potential investments.” Common criteria include stewardship of nature; employee working conditions; supplier, customer and community relationships; executive pay; audits; charitable causes and donations; and shareholder rights, among others. ESG criteria help investors find companies with values that match their own.
The conventional wisdom on socially-conscious investing once assumed that taking these factors into consideration had a negative impact on financial return. But times have changed. Morningstar found that the number of sustainable investment funds in the United States alone grew 50 percent between 2017 and 2018, to 351 funds with $161 billion under management at the end of 2018. In fact, Nasdaq launched a new ESG reporting guide in March of this year to help public and private companies “…navigate the evolving standards on ESG data disclosure.”
Energy Plans Tailored to Each Client
Three of the world’s largest hotel companies have renewed programs to measure and report their ESG criteria with very aggressive goals. Hilton, Hyatt and Marriott share similar goals such as reducing water consumption, cutting food waste and increasing their reliance on renewable energy sources.
Property owners are being pushed on two sides from investors requesting data on ESG programs and brands setting aggressive goals for carbon reductions. This requires a strategic, multi-faceted, long term program and investment planning to meet these goals.
We have helped facilities in the hospitality and health care industries develop comprehensive energy management plans that measure and evaluate energy consumption, identify more sustainable alternatives and implement solutions that deliver lower carbon footprints without negative impact on building occupants or operations. What’s more, we’re experts on reaping the maximum financial benefits for your facility, leveraging all existing federal, state and local incentives for energy projects to help offset capital costs. These projects help drive the content in an ESG program while also improving asset valuation.
There is no one single solution that can provide significant carbon footprint reductions and is cost effective in every market. We help craft portfolio-specific plans for our clients based on varying rates, utility incentives, code requirements and local legislation.
For one national hotel REIT in 2018, we delivered a 9.9% reduction in the carbon footprint with over $700K in recurring annual energy savings and a 2.2 year payback.
These incremental and investable upgrades reduced the hotel’s annual kWh usage by nearly 1 million and delivered an immediate $142,500 in annual savings.
Another of our clients, Atria, has been implementing a national program helping to drive results for Ventas, Inc. Last year, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (Nareit) awarded Ventas its coveted Leader in the Light Award for its “demonstrated superior and sustained sustainability practices,” in the category of health care.
The tipping point has passed—impact investing that seeks to benefit society and the environment while still providing a financial return has become the new norm. Your facility can join this future, attracting customers and investors who are taking sustainability more seriously with each passing year. We can help you get there. Check out our case studies to see how we’ve helped companies just like yours.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/lidl-invests-in-merv-13-filtration

Lidl invests in MERV 13 Filtration
A Grocer Achieves A New Level of Freshness.
Lidl US knows a thing or two about fresh produce. Operating over 11,000 stores across 32 countries, freshness is at the core of their business model. Now, by integrating some new technology, customers will experience a new level of freshness: air purity. And given the implications of COVID-19, the MERV 13 filtration solution will allow all involved (customers, vendors, employees) to breathe a collective sigh of relief.
The Background
In the early spring months before much was known of the novel coronavirus, experts from leading health organizations came forward to stress the importance of wearing face masks. One thing was clear: the virus was spread through the air. They said that social distancing aside, filtering the air, by way of a face mask or other technology, could significantly reduce the number of reported cases and infected individuals.
Healthcare facilities, including hospitals, were understandably the first type of facilities to implement or update their air filtration devices to protect staff and patients, with other B2B facilities following suit.
HEPA filters are rated to filter many common viruses from the airstream, but MERV filtration can stop particulates as small as nanomicrons—precisely the size of the coronavirus. Understanding just what was and continues to be at stake, Lidl made the decision to invest in MERV filtration technology across its store locations.
Of the decision, Johannes Fieber, Lidel US CEO, shared, “Since the beginning of the pandemic, we have worked diligently to protect the health of everyone in our stores by meeting or exceeding CDC guidelines, and this measure to create cleaner, healthier air is no different. Customers and team members in Lidl stores can breathe easier knowing we have an added layer of protection against COVID-19.”
Read more about Lidl upgrading its ventilation system here.
The Solution
As low-margin businesses, grocery and retail stores have an added incentive to keep staff healthy. Keeping regular employees on-staff helps, in turn, keep regular and repeat customers. Not only do MERV 13 filters help to maintain the health of staff, but they also help contribute to the health of the building, with HVAC upgrades addressing and solving efficiency problems in refrigeration, boilers and ventilation systems.
Are you a grocer who is interested in following suit? Or do you operate a different type of business that is ready to implement new air-filtering technology? If an HVAC upgrade is on deck, now might be a wise time to consider MERV 13 filtration. The reality is, our collective new normal will, for the foreseeable future, include COVID-19. MERV 13 can help keep it at bay. Ready to start the conversation? Contact us today.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/the-abcs-of-esg-investing

The ABCs of ESG Investing
If you’ve watched any network news programming in recent months, you may have caught a segment on ESG Investing, an emerging acronym (and trend!) as corporate social responsibility becomes more readily embraced. In this blog, we’ll go over the ABCs of ESG Investing, explaining what it entails, why you should consider adopting some of greening strategies and how we can help implement them.
A: Acronym Definition
The acronym ESG stands for Environmental, Social and Governance, three factors investors consider when recommending stock options to their clients. Research is showing that ESG investing will continue to gain in popularity for a slew of reasons, not the least of which is the satisfaction the investor feels when investing in a company that believes in and supports something for the greater good. With an increased focus on things like corporate social responsibility, ESG companies are expected to reap benefits, improving their brand and public perception, not to mention their bottom lines.
So, what does this mean for your organization? And are there any initiatives you could implement? Or better publicize?
B: Big Picture
Some factors ESG investors consider as they make recommendations to their clients include the following:
- A company’s climate change or emissions policies: We’ve touched on this in the past. Things like taking a climate pledge can help improve the public’s view of your organization while also helping to reduce emissions and energy expenses. Adding the support of ESG investors will only help your brand gain credibility and financial support if financial analysts’ predictions are correct.
- Usage of renewable technologies like wind and solar power: As mentioned above, when consumers are making purchases, they are increasingly considering how a company operates. Green consumers have been discussed for a few years now—those individuals who proclaim that they’d pay more for sustainable products. Now, that premise is being taken to the next level, with consumers investing in organizations who embrace things like sustainability.
- Relationship with the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and other environmental regulatory bodies: The EPA offers a Combined Heat and Power Partnership Program, a nod to their support of the efficient, economical and environmental way of simultaneously generating heat and power. Offered by our partner, Dalkia Aegis, EDF Group, this offering is increasingly gaining in popularity by earth-conscious investors.
Could going green help your organization to find more green—from like-minded individuals?
C: Contact Us to Get Started
Much like ESG investing, we are on the cutting edge of energy trends, offering existing and emerging solutions like EV Charging and Smart City integration. No matter how sweeping a change you’re interested in making, we can help. Contact us today to get started.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/building-a-green-business-reduce-your-company-s-carbon-footprint

Building a Green Business: Reduce Your Company’s Carbon Footprint
Climate change can disrupt all aspects of human life, contributing to rising sea levels, hotter days and severe weather that can negatively impact food production, among other consequences. While it may feel like this global crisis is only getting worse, businesses are in a unique position to lead the charge in mitigating the effects. That’s why it’s important for your business to consider forward-thinking sustainability initiatives that will help reduce your company’s carbon footprint. But you don’t have to do it alone—Dalkia Energy Solutions can be your partner in implementing projects at your facility that help the environment and make your facility more energy efficient.
The Benefits of Focusing on Sustainability
Focusing on sustainability can help a business reduce its negative impact on the environment at large while also providing benefits to the company itself—such as through a boost to its overall reputation or a reduction of costs.
In fact, a 2020 study by Deloitte showed that 65% of consumers expect business leaders to take action and make progress on issues involving sustainability, including reducing carbon emissions. Some respondents say they are even changing their consumption habits based on their views on the environment. Businesses that embrace their responsibility to the environment may see greater interest from those who share similar values, whether they are customers or employees.
Putting a spotlight on sustainability can also positively impact a business as it can help reduce overall costs. Implementing energy-saving projects such as LED lighting, improvements to HVAC and refrigeration systems and on-site energy generation can lead to savings in utility costs that impact your company’s bottom line.
Partner with Dalkia
Implementing corporate sustainability initiatives can feel like a daunting task, but Dalkia Energy Solutions is here to help simplify the process. For large corporations with long-term energy or sustainability goals, our experienced team can establish a clean energy consulting partnership with your business, where we act as your outsourced energy manager to drive environmental, social and governance results at a high capacity.
Through our strategic energy management partnership, we embed ourselves in your business to cover all aspects of your energy portfolio. We work alongside you to analyze current data from utility bills, complete energy and water assessments, build a corporate vision for decreasing carbon emissions and execute your business’ energy plan through installing retrofits for energy efficiency and onsite generation.
Small and large businesses alike can take advantage of our other energy saving solutions, including the implementation of digital building controls for load management, the design and installation of LED-based lighting systems, and retrofits to HVAC or refrigeration systems. We can also help you reduce energy costs and lower your carbon footprint by helping to implement on-site energy generation solutions. Our partner Dalkia Aegis will design, install, maintain and monitor a Combined Heat and Power (CHP) system to create electricity and heat at your building—decreasing your business’ reliance on the grid and cutting carbon emissions. We can also implement solar and storage projects at your building.
If you are interested in learning more about how we can help your company meet its sustainability goals, reach out to us online or call (978) 306-6052. We can even help you take advantage of government incentives and power purchase agreements to make your energy-saving goals a reality.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/dalkia-gives-back

Employees at Dalkia Energy Solutions are passionate about the work they do and the impact they can make through their work with Dalkia Gives Back. But it doesn’t stop there. Our employees wish to make a broader and measurable impact in our communities as well.
In 2016 our employees decided to establish Dalkia Gives Back, a charitable group where employees could join with each other to identify where Dalkia could apply resources and create a desired effect. Over the last few years, the group has gotten involved in wide range of charitable work, including:
Dalkia Gives Back also encourages everyone to get involved on Earth Day which leads to positive action in cities all across the country. The group promotes acts of service ranging from large group beach cleanups to individuals volunteering at a local food kitchen. We also implement charity initiatives at our company-wide team meetings, with past group projects including packing and sorting hygienic items for shelters, packing book and supply bags for underprivileged kids, and assembling wheelchairs to be donated to veterans and those in need.
Our employees are motivated by the profound sense of fulfillment and purpose that comes from making a tangible impact on people and communities.
Dalkia Gives Back, is a testament to our employees' passion for making a difference. We continue to strive for positive change in the world, embodying our mission to harness our collective desire for impactful work that benefits all.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/dalkiaq

Dalkia partnered with 75F to look beyond single building operation and discuss how facility managers can effectively implement health and safety strategies at scale across their portfolio of buildings. Here’s how we can help.
- Push “Epidemic Mode” out to all sites remotely to ensure Indoor Air Quality.
- Dial in energy savings and maintain compliance with ongoing portfolio-wide visibility and management.
- Avoid the struggle of not having cost-effective control of your buildings.
- Solve BMS control concerns without the traditional high price tag.
- Save time with networked smart thermostats-monitor temp, humidity, indoor air quality, occupancy and sound.
- Retrofit any building.
- Wirelessly connects to the cloud.
- Utility incentives may be available.
- ROI usually between 2-4 years.
- Sustainable energy savings.
- Good for buildings with multiple thermostats and HVAC units without existing controls.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/diversity-equity-and-inclusion

At Dalkia US, EDF Group, we understand the value of diverse perspectives both within our business and beyond. We constantly seek to make our working environment more equitable and inclusive to celebrate the unique perspectives and contributions diversity allows. We maintain a culture that provides all team members fair and equal support and opportunity access, regardless of their race, color, national origin, abilities, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age or physical appearance.
Since 2020, Dalkia’s Diversity, Equity and Inclusion group provides internal access to educational resources about DEI-related topics and leads programs focused on creating an inclusive environment where people of diverse cultures are celebrated and valued intentionally for their perspective. The team also organizes community projects to encourage Dalkia employees to think about the value of diversity inside the workplace and inside their communities.
As part of Dalkia US’s commitment to these values, we ask each team member to individually acknowledge the importance of prioritizing diversity, equity, and inclusion by signing a pledge —and to join our company’s journey toward playing a larger role, within our comprehensive commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion, we recognize the distinct challenges and historical injustices associated with racial inequality. Addressing this requires tailored strategies alongside our broader efforts.
We prioritize this effort and remain committed to our established culture of respect, transparency, safety, collaboration and individual judgment, knowing our company can contribute to a broader societal impact.
Our company has a responsibility to play a larger role in combating systemic racism by providing a diverse and inclusive work environment while leveraging our company’s influence to make an impact on our industry and with our customers.
As an organization, Dalkia US is making the following commitments.
We commit to taking a more active role in supporting programs focused on increasing the number of minorities employed in our growing industry by recruiting candidates who represent diverse backgrounds.
We commit to increasing our partnerships with minority-owned subcontracting businesses and suppliers for our building energy efficiency installations.
We commit to investing in diversity, equity and inclusion training programs internally through specific budget allocation, and making compelling and relevant educational content easily accessible with support from internal resources.
As our efforts and results progress, we will refine and focus on new areas where we can build upon our successes. In the meantime, we remain open to any external feedback that helps us adjust and stay focused on making a meaningful impact relative to our size, reach, and influence.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/safety-as-a-core-value

We recognize that our culture of safety is fundamental to who we are and how we operate as a business. Like our core values of integrity, responsibility and respect, we promote a safe culture as the way we do business, the way we interact with clients, suppliers and each other, and the way we perform our work.
Safety is integrated into everything we do—from the way we start a team meeting, to the training we provide to our team, to the tracking and reporting that helps us measure our performance. Because of our integrated and data-driven approach, our values are self-reinforcing to our team, in addition to our customers, partners and suppliers.
Each year every Dalkia US employee signs our Dalkia Personal Safety Statement. This exercise reminds each Dalkia employee of his/her personal commitment, our approach to safety, and our golden rules. This also reminds our employees of their responsibility to make safe decisions for themselves and all those around them. Dalkia’s employees recognize the obligation and take it to work, into their personal lives, and into the communities where they live and work.
Our clients’ facilities and environments are dynamic. Our employees who serve these spaces must be prepared, all day, every day. All Dalkia professionals know that there are risks; their behaviors are our only way to mitigate those risks.
We are constantly reassessing, rehearsing and retraining ourselves to be prepared—and for the best possible outcome. Dalkia consistently invests to ensure that we have the highest level of corporate and individual safety culture.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/sustainability-social-responsibility

At Dalkia, we pride ourselves on our work to help our clients become more sustainable in a way that makes both business and environmental sense.
Over the history of our firm, we have made substantial progress in reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon emissions resulting from our energy efficiency projects and services. As of 2023, our metrics are the following:
We’ve helped reduce the equivalent of 6.0 million tons of CO2 emissions by not emitting them.
We’ve completed projects that are the equivalent of 1,117,000 fossil-fuel vehicles being taken off the road.
We’ve helped clients reduce over 12.0 million megawatt hours by installing efficiency upgrades.
Our efforts have been equivalent to nearly 134 million tree seedlings being planted.
Our clients’ energy efficiency projects have removed the equivalent of more than 12.2 million barrels of crude oil.
We’ve helped our clients eliminate the GHG equivalent of over 95 fossil-fuel power plants.
We actively shoulder responsibility for the environmental and social impact of our business activities and decisions. This responsibility is embodied by an ethical, transparent approach to business, which:
Dalkia has made public sustainability pledges that are aligned with the commitments of our parent organization, EDF Group. Our commitment to corporate social responsibility is enshrined in Dalkia’s Four Pillars of Governance: Safety, Dialogue, Environment, and Ethics.
Please visit the Dalkia and EDF websites to learn more about our broader corporate social responsibility commitments.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aegischp.com/en/intelligent-load-management

To the extent your buildings utilize Building Management System “BMS” or process control system, these systems provide useful information, along with load level metering our team will install and monitor.
Our first step is to provide your team better visibility into your facility’s equipment and help the building engineers to keep vital equipment in operation and deliver reliable comfort for occupants. The Dalkia team, with subject matter expertise in BMS controls, HVAC, lighting and refrigeration systems, can match your system’s operations with metering versus your tariff, producing financial analysis that sizes your opportunity for active load management. We will also identify any utility rebates or incentives that could help to offset the upfront costs of these upgrades.
Once analyzed, Dalkia can implement the tools and systems that allow your loads, such as lighting or HVAC, to be controlled to shave load profiles, time-shift your peak load, and manage your consumption to minimize utility bills.
Refrigeration loads can be optimized and scheduled based upon weather, product temperatures, wholesale or tariff electric pricing dynamics, and operational goals.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------