Company Name: Aetsolar
URL: https://aetsolar.com
Title: Residential Solar Hot Water & Pool Heating Systems Manufacturer | Alternate Energy Technologies

Residential Solar Hot Water & Pool Heating Systems Manufacturer | Alternate Energy Technologies
Go to Navigation
Go to Content
Your browser is out of date.
You are currently using Internet Explorer 7/8/9, which is not supported by our site. For the best experience, please use one of the latest browsers.
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer Edge
Safari
Close
GO
Solar Thermal Systems
Water Heating
Complete Direct Systems
Complete Indirect Systems
Thermosiphon Systems
Pool Heating
Solar Panels
Pool System Components
Solar Panels & Collectors
Starlite Series
Starlite HP Series
Starlite SL Series
Starlite SLC Series
MS Series
AE Series
Solar Collector Accessories
Components & Controls
Tanks & Reservoirs
Pumps & Flanges
Plate Heat Exchangers
Solar Storage Tanks
Solar Pump Stations
Controls & Monitoring
Solutions By Sector
Residential
Single-Family Homes
Multi-Family & Apartments
Compact Solar Heating for Small-Scale Districts
Direct vs. Indirect Residential Systems
Direct Systems
Indirect Systems
Indirect Solar Water Heating System Design
Commercial
Indirect Systems
Direct Systems
Industrial
Smart Hybrid Solar Container
Design & Technical Resources
Technical Bulletin
System Sizing & Design Guidelines
Certifications
FAQs
Energy Replacement
Incentive Programs
Warranty & Support
Warranty Information
Warranty Claim
Warranty Registration Collector
Areas Served
South U.S.
Florida
Texas
West U.S.
Hawaii
Northeast U.S.
Midwest U.S.
Puerto Rico
Caribbean
Canada
Middle East
Mexico
South America
Costa Rica
Contact Us
Contact Us
Smart energy solutions since 1975
Reliable Solar Thermal Solutions for Commercial, Industrial, and Residential Applications
Home Water Heating
Pool Heating
Solar Panels & Collectors
Located in florida & proudly serving the United States, Caribbean & More
Save Energy. Save Money.
Solar Hot Water & Pool Heating Systems Manufacturer
Alternate Energy Technologies (AET) is a proud U.S. manufacturer of high-quality solar hot water systems and pool heating systems such as
solar flat plate collectors
and
solar pool panels
.
Since 1975, AET residential solar hot water and pool heating systems manufacturer that has provided solar water heating solutions for various industries - from commercial solar water heating to pre-engineered residential systems. Additional offerings include comprehensive training, technical support, commercial system feasibility, and solar water heating integration designs.
Learn More
Solar can provide for 70-90% of your home water heating needs
Enjoy immediate energy cost savings of up to 38%
Reduce your carbon footprint with our eco-friendly collectors
48+
Years in Business
300,000+
Panels Manufactured
315,000,000+
Mbtu’s Saved
100,000+
Systems Installed
Sustainability & Benefits
Join the World-Wide Renewable Energy Movement
Our systems provide hot water for domestic use, space heating and pre-heats to boilers. All our systems come with back up heating capabilities. Solar Water Heating Systems are very effective in residential applications.
Get Started Today
Eco Friendly
Solar thermal products are renewable AND recyclable. On average, domestic water heating accounts for over 30% of CO2 emissions from the typical American home. By installing a solar thermal heating system, the average family can not only save money, but greatly reduce the CO2 footprint of their home.
Affordable
Solar water heating it the most efficient, cost-effective form of solar energy.
Low Maintenance
Solar water heating systems require minimal maintenance and boast a design life of 20+ years.
Reliable & Durable
AET's solar water heating systems provide consistent water heating with some of the highest efficiencies in the industry.
Incentives & Credits
There are multiple Federal and State tax incentive plans, even regional and local utility incentives.
Discover Which Solar Heating System is Right for Your Home
Get a Home Consultation
Resources
Certifications
Literature
Warranty
All Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Where can I find information about maintenance requirements/costs?
There are many types of solar water heating systems, but the drainback is the most efficient indirect system on the market; it prevents from freezing, and overheating.
What is the size of the tank?
A typical solar storage tank is larger than a conventional heater, because you can only harvest the sun during daylight hours. So by upsizing the storage tank, you can store the collected heat for night and early morning use. Our standard size for a standard 3 bedroom home is 80 gallons. We do have 120 gals available if you have a larger home and want to harvest as much of the sun as you can!
Does installation include equipment and installation?
Yes, your contractor should give you a complete price; equipment and installation. A site visit is usually required to verify roof space and pipe runs. The entire pipe run to the collector on the roof from the solar storage tank is insulated copper pipe. The ideal location for the solar collector(s) is on the south facing roof with little to no shading from 8-4 if possible.
What is the overheat protection for my solar system?
A drainback system uses a controller with temperature sensors to monitor the performance of the solar hot water system. When the tank reaches a pre-set temperature limit, the pump turns off and the heat transfer fluid (usually water) drains out of the collector into the drainback reservoir. By removing the solar fluid from the collector, there is no danger of overheating.
Ask Another Question
Solar Water Heating Considerations
When considering which alternative energy form to use for water heating, it is important to consider factors such as cost, efficiency, and environmental impact. Choosing an energy-efficient option not only saves money in the long run but also helps to reduce our carbon footprint.
If you are considering installing solar collectors, there are a few additional things to keep in mind that can help ensure optimal performance. Here are some tips to consider:
Choose the right size: Make sure to choose solar collectors that are the appropriate size for your home's energy needs. This will help ensure that you are maximizing the amount of energy you can collect from the sun.
Consider the orientation: The orientation of your solar collectors can also impact their performance. In Florida, it is generally recommended that the collectors face south to maximize sun exposure.
Keep them clean: While solar collectors require little maintenance, it is important to keep them clean to ensure optimal performance. Dirt and debris can reduce their efficiency, so be sure to clean them periodically.
Have questions about solar heating?
Our experts can help answer any questions you might have!
1-800-874-2190
Ask our experts