Company Name: Alamedamp
URL: https://alamedamp.com
Title: Alameda Municipal Power, CA | Official Website

Alameda Municipal Power, CA | Official Website
Skip to Main Content
Search
HIGHLIGHTS
See What’s Happening
Newsroom
Community Benefit Building Electrification Grant Program
Grants are available for non-profits and community organizations to help complete their building electrification projects!
Learn more...
Power Up For Learning
Power Up For Learning provides technologies and STEM enrichment for Alameda students in need – and it’s supported by AMP customers like you! Sponsor today through your AMP electricity bill and help “Power Up” Alameda’s future.
Learn More...
Mylar Balloon Safety
Mylar balloons are metallic, shiny, helium-filled balloons -- and are the cause of thousands of power outages each year when they come into contact with power lines. Stay safe with these tips.
Learn more...
Power Content Label 2024
The Power Content Label (PCL) is an annual report that shows where AMP's electricity was generated during the calendar year and how it compares to California's power mix. In fall 2025, the PCL for 2024 was released, showing AMP's 100% clean portfolio.
Learn more...
Careers at AMP
Join our team to help provide safe, reliable, cost-effective, and environmentally responsible electricity to Alameda.
Learn More...
Otis/Broadway Overhead Power Line Undergrounding
Construction is underway on the Otis/Broadway area undergrounding project. This project will remove all overhead lines and utility poles within the project boundaries and will be completed in multiple section phases.
Learn More...
Electric Rates Increase by Four Percent Starting July 1st
AMP customers to save $63.6 million this year with rates 44.5% lower than PG&E
Read on...
Alameda Municipal Power Goes Live on Customer Mobile App, Developed by silverblaze
AMP expands its customer experience offerings with a new mobile app and expanded online portal, developed by silverblaze and available in the Apple App Store and Google Play Store.
Read on...
Tim Haines Appointed to Lead Alameda Municipal Power
Following a comprehensive search, Alameda City Manager Jennifer Ott has appointed Tim Haines as the General Manager of Alameda Municipal Power (AMP).
Read on...
/CivicAlerts.aspx
Government Websites by
CivicPlus®
Loading
Loading
Do Not Show Again
Close
Arrow Left
Arrow Right
[]
Slideshow Left Arrow
Slideshow Right Arrow