ROOT: https://aspenpower.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:50:48.312851Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 23

================================================================================

URL: https://aspenpower.com/

Building the clean energy future, together.
Get Paid to Host Solar. Landowners can lease a portion of land to create predictable and reliable cashflows for decades.
Request a consultation.
Our services
We are specialists in project finance , solar development , and O&M and project optimization.
Commercial & Industrial Rooftop Solar
Reduce electricity costs or lease your roof – let us tailor a program to meet your objectives.
Solar Parking Canopies
Offset fossil fuel use while increasing footcandles and providing customers and employees protection from the elements.
Ground Mounted Solar
Aspen Power delivers scalable ground-mounted solar solutions, transforming underutilized land into clean energy assets tailored to your needs.
Battery Storage
Reduce electricity costs for the foreseeable future – let us tailor a program to meet your objectives.
EV Charging
Provide additional clean energy amenities powered by solar.
Artificial Intelligence
We apply AI in solar development to optimize panel placement, predict output, reduce costs, and improve efficiency.
Careers
Make your sustainable impact
At Aspen Power, we believe in accelerating the clean energy future. If you’re looking for a career where you can make a positive, meaningful impact on the environment and society, explore our green jobs. The Aspen Power team is passionate about making a difference at every opportunity whether it’s in finance, sales, engineering, administrative or legal.
Solar energy is a clean, renewable, and abundant source of power that can be used to add a decades-long source of passive income for your family or business.
Aspen Power provides landowners and businesses with guaranteed, long-term lease payments to develop solar projects on underutilized land and rooftops.
This can be a straightforward and effective way to secure income while making use of space that would otherwise go unused.
Contact us today to learn more about hosting a solar project.
Fluctuating energy use shouldn’t hold your business back from considering solar. In many states, net metering or community solar programs can make solar a lucrative proposition for businesses of all sizes. With these programs, excess energy produced by the system can be sold to the grid, even if you don’t use all the energy produced on site. Aspen Power handles the details and works with all types businesses to arrange the ideal solution.
Lastly – if your business’ energy needs vary, adding battery storage to a solar project can even out supply and allow you to take advantage of available incentives.
If you’re interested in learning more about saving money and reducing your carbon footprint, contact Aspen Power today to see how we can help your business harness the power of solar energy.
We recognize that the up-front cost of going solar can be a barrier for many businesses, which is why Aspen Power offers a range of solutions that don’t require capital expenditure.
One such solution is a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA), where a third-party owns the solar system and your business receives electricity at a discounted rate. This arrangement allows the owner of the system to benefit from tax incentives, while passing energy savings on to your business, making it a win-win solution.
Alternately, you may consider simply hosting a solar project on your property, allowing us to use your space in exchange for rent payments. This is a hassle-free way to receive income with no cost or investment required.
At Aspen Power, we believe that every business should have access to the benefits of solar energy, regardless of their financial situation. Contact us today to learn more about our range of energy solutions.
Solar panels require very little maintenance beyond the occasional cleaning. Solar panels have a lifespan of 25 years or more, meaning businesses can enjoy their benefits for a long time without needing to replace them.
C&I properties are great candidates for solar for many reasons.
First, these properties typically consume significant amounts of energy, leading to high electricity bills. By using solar, much of these costs can be offset, leading to substantial operational cost savings.
C&I property owners also tend to feature large, unobstructed roofs, where solar panels can be easily installed without impacting aesthetics or sight-lines.
While roofs lend themselves to the most straightforward installations, C&I property owners also tend to own large parking lots and structures that can be fitted with solar canopies. These canopies can provide benefits such as shaded parking, easier snow removal and lighting installations to improve safety.
The first step is analyzing the property portfolio, energy use profile, and utility bills to identify where solar projects will work best.
Take the first step towards your company benefitting from solar and contact Aspen Power today for a free, no-obligation analysis. Click here to get started.
Aspen Power is a reliable, long-term partner, capable of providing swift and flexible funding solutions no matter what stage your projects are in.
With a proven track record of funding over 100 solar projects across the country, we bring a wealth of experience to finding win-win solutions.
We regularly assess portfolios containing dozens of solar assets, giving us the experience to move quickly and efficiently through the review process.
Partner with Aspen Power today and discover the benefits of working with a reliable financing partner committed to helping your projects succeed.
Whether you own or lease your space, Aspen Power can work with you to determine the feasibility of implementing a solar project.
If you’re not sure where to start, get in touch, and we can guide you through the process.
“It’s great to have a partnership with Aspen Power, who see the value in these distributed generation projects, and the outsized value they bring to the grid and the surrounding communities.”
Jack Bertuzzi, Principal, Ecogy Energy
“As a long-term owner / operator of solar and storage projects, we’re selective about who we partner with when we choose to monetize shovel-ready projects. We chose Aspen Power because they are a reliable counterparty with strong financial backing and a proven ability to execute.”
Cliff Chapman, Co-founder and CEO, Syncarpha Capital
“High Peaks Solar is pleased to work with Aspen Power on this deal. Their experience has made this project an early success as we move into construction, and I am confident that they will ensure the site is taken care of for many years to come.
Kevin Bailey, CEO, High Peaks Solar

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/what-we-do/our-services/

Services
Interdisciplinary expertise, extensive track record, superior results.
Your trusted, Long-term partner
We provide end-to-end renewable energy solutions like solar and energy storage to businesses, communities, and others in the industry.
This means we handle all aspects of solar projects, including property and portfolio analysis, development, finance, design build, operation and more. Our team’s diverse background allows us to tackle a range of complex challenges from financial modeling and tax policy to construction management and system maintenance.
Project Financing
Competitive and flexible financial solutions for solar developers and installers.
Solar Development
Customized, turnkey project development services across multiple markets.
O&M and Project Optimization
Optimized system performance through proactive maintenance and continual improvement.
Our Platform
Expertise
We provide end-to-end renewable energy solutions like solar and energy storage to businesses, communities, and others in the industry.
The sustainable future depends on the ability to deliver a wide range of solutions for a diverse array of energy needs. The Aspen Power team brings an extensive track record of partnering with our customers to achieve their energy goals.
DIVERSE RANGE OF PROJECTS
Forward-thinking projects fueled by advanced technologies.
Aspen Power has helped customers unlock enormous economic value and drive significant energy savings by developing hundreds of distributed generation solar energy projects across the country.
Our Customers
Aspen Power is where your unique energy objectives meet customized solutions.
We work with solar developers seeking competitive financial solutions for their projects, landowners, commercial and industrial landlords and tenants, real estate portfolio owners, and public sector organizations.
See how we’ve worked with other clients to make their financial, operational, and sustainability goals a reality.
Rooftop Solar Project Provides Access to Clean Energy for Multifamily Residents
Tenants at multifamily residences owned by The Michaels Organization will benefit from clean energy and lower bills thanks to new rooftop solar array.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/team/

Who ARE WE?
Aspen Power is a distributed generation platform dedicated to building the clean energy future.
Overview
About Aspen Power
We are a diverse group of professionals with backgrounds ranging from investment banking to engineering – all dedicated to accelerating the deployment of distributed solar and storage solutions.
Since 2020, our team has financed over 2.5B of renewable energy projects and expanded portfolio as independent power producer to greater than 600 projects.
Meet our Executive Team
Jorge E. Vargas
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Bill Delong
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Scott Delaney
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Iris thrives on her department’s startup mentality
Read more on how Iris Zhao thrives as a Senior Associate in Asset Management.
Senior Leadership at Aspen
Eric Aubrey
VP, EXECUTION
Aaron Bartell
GENERAL COUNSEL
Logan Boutilier
VP, SYSTEMS
Tiffiny Chase
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, PROJECT DEVELOPMENT
Sarah Conde
Executive Director, Procurement
Dan Gulick
EVP, Community Solar
Joe Hao
VP, Energy & AI
Pauline Jozefiak
DIRECTOR, PROJECT FINANCE
Ron Lewis
Controller
John Lind
SVP, ORIGINATION
Kathleen Livelli
Director, Operations
Carley Maron
SVP, People
Jeff Martin
VP, Contracts Execution
Amaury Normand
Director, Investments
Ryan O’Hanlon
VP, Corp. Development
Noelle Paige
VP, Project Development
Darius Razgaitis
VP, Marketing & Comms
Nolan Thomas
Senior Counsel, Legal

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/what-we-do/our-services/om-project-optimization/

Operations and Maintenance
Performance optimization is in our DNA
overview
Our rigorous process ensures maximized asset ROI through proactive maintenance and premium operations.
With a nimble team and a focus on advanced technology and innovation, we aim to reduce costs and increase the efficiency of our systems and client returns through project optimization and our best-in-class operation and maintenance services. We are committed to delivering optimal returns through continual improvement.
The Aspen Advantage
Advanced technology for maximum O&M benefits.
With dynamic, integrated asset management systems and monitoring dashboards, inverter level and tracker position heat maps, advanced soiling analysis technology, and an in-house team to manage it all, Aspen delivers best in class operation and maintenance services that enable the maximum benefit from each solar project over its lifespan.
- Inspection
- Preventative Maintenance
- Asset Management
- Production Reports
- Warranty Management
- Billable Services
- Panel Cleaning
- Outage Responses
- Performance Guarantees

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/what-we-do/our-services/solar-development/

Solar Development
Turnkey solar development expertise
our offering
We provide customized, turnkey project development services across multiple markets: community solar, commercial & industrial, REITs, multifamily, landowners, public sector, and utility off-take among others.
Portfolio Analysis
Aspen’s team of energy professionals is well-versed in analyzing entire portfolios at a time to assess them for renewable energy feasibility. We evaluate a number of aspects when reviewing large real estate portfolios for solar, including building size and type, energy production, local and federal incentives and more.
Engineer, Procure, & Construct
As your turnkey energy partner, Aspen Power is responsible for developing your project from concept to completion. Our in-house engineers, procurement specialists, and project managers handle the EPC phase of all projects, ensuring a quality project that meets the client’s unique energy needs.
Offtake
There are various offtake options for the clean energy generated from our projects. Aspen Power has deep experience with long-term offtake agreements like Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), selling clean power into wholesale energy markets, and even managing offtake from community solar and multifamily housing projects.
The Aspen Advantage
Flexible, experienced, capital-backed.
Aspen Power is experienced in all aspects of solar project development – from concept, to completion, to ongoing operations. Backed by global investment firm Carlyle, Aspen has access to the capital needed to move projects forward and the expertise to develop innovative projects tailored to our customers specific requirements.
- Client solar strategy development
- Real estate portfolio analysis
- Battery integration modeling
- Tenant engagement
- Sophisticated financial modeling
- Tax, legal and risk mitigation
- Bespoke capital structures
- Interconnection management
- Solar incentive tracking & capture
- Utility management
- System design
- EPC
- Permitting
- QA/QC

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/what-we-do/our-services/project-financing/

Project Financing
Flexible and competitive financial solutions for your solar project.
about our offering
Aspen Power actively seeks to buy projects from solar developers and installers, offering a competitive, flexible, and scalable financial solution.
With extensive project financing experience closing sophisticated solar deals – including deep expertise on interconnection and energy regulatory matters – Aspen Power offers a uniquely nuanced understanding of the asset class.
Project Financing
Flexible Terms
Aspen Power provides highly competitive cost of capital on favorable terms.
Technological expertise
Innovative Designs
Our seasoned team of solar professionals manage due diligence, legal, risk, financials, long-term operations, and more.
accelerating Clean Energy
Real Impact
Financial resources to support portfolio acquisitions with long-term commitment.
The Aspen Advantage
A partnership that brings action to your solar projects
By virtue of being a long-term owner of solar systems, we are principal investors that bring a new level of sophistication to deals not typically seen by our competitors.
Aspen Power has developed or acquired more than 600 projects across the U.S. and has the ability to deploy capital into projects quickly, efficiently, and at any stage in the development cycle – from early-stage development through commercial operation.
Stable partnership
Sophisticated financial modeling
Credit and risk analysis
Fast and efficient deployment of capital
Interconnection & regulatory expertise
Legal and accounting support
We are a stable, low-risk partner that leverages solar project financing to bring action to projects and sticks with our clients throughout the project’s lifespan.
Request a consultation.
Aspen power in the news
Six Solar Projects from ECA Solar in Massachusetts
Read more – Aspen Power announced that it has acquired a portfolio of six solar projects located in the Greater Boston area from Waltham, Massachusetts-based ECA Solar.
Share your vision with us
Learn how Aspen Power can help you create the sustainable energy future while adhering to a deﬁned set of values that promote and sustain relationships based on high ethical standards and personal integrity.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/investors-partners/

Investors & Partners
A Trusted Partner in Clean Energy
Stable. Scalable. Here to Stay.
Aspen Power is a national clean energy company majority-owned by global investment firm, Carlyle. We own and operate our projects for the long haul, providing reliable returns for investors and dependable partnerships for landowners, businesses, and communities.
Our long-term capital and disciplined approach set us apart. Aspen Power has a proven track record across community solar, commercial & industrial, and small-scale utility projects—developing and operating assets with care, consistency, and integrity.
Recent Highlights
Aspen Power’s strength lies in our long-term approach, strong financial backing, and a dedicated team committed to getting projects built the right way. With institutional support from The Carlyle Group, we’re positioned for sustained growth across community solar, C&I, and small-scale utility markets.
Our momentum speaks for itself. Read more:
Connected to the Industry, Committed to Progress
We are active members of leading organizations that are shaping the future of clean energy. These affiliations reflect our commitment to best practices, equity, and lasting impact.
Let’s Work Together
Whether you’re investing in the energy transition or looking to lease your land or property, Aspen Power offers a dependable, long-term relationship built on shared value.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/who-we-are-ap/our-vision/

We believe that everyone should be able to access clean, renewable energy.
Our Mission
Aspen Power is a distributed generation platform dedicated to building the clean energy future.
We are a diverse group of professionals with backgrounds ranging from investment banking to engineering – all dedicated to accelerating the deployment of distributed solar and storage solutions.
Mission Guided
We are a mission-oriented company comprised of employees that are passionate about making a real impact in combating climate change through clean energy solutions.
Partner Focused
As developers, financiers, and asset owners, we are the right partner for a wide variety of commercial and community solar energy projects.
Value Driven
We create value for our customers through an interdisciplinary approach that unlocks capital and solves energy challenges from planning and procurement through construction and maintenance.
Unlocking Value for Partners
Value
Human and Capital Resources
Aspen Power funds all capital required for our solar portfolios and advance non-dilutive capital to unlock value ahead of traditional milestones. We collaborate on equipment procurement, contractor selection, municipal approvals, and interconnection all with an eye on value creation. Aspen can also lighten your load and bring customers, EPC, engineering, and legal resources to our partners.
Expertise
Early-Stage Expertise
We specialize in early-stage distributed generation and battery storage portfolios. Our typical structure involves the acquisition and joint development of a pipeline or portfolio of projects with line of sight to completion in the next 12 to 24 months.
Acceleration
Passionate and Driven
We are passionate about accelerating the deployment of clean energy. We believe that community solar, behind the meter, and other revenue frameworks represent vast opportunities to increase participation and remove roadblocks to an interconnected clean energy future.
Share your vision with us
Learn how Aspen Power can help you create the sustainable energy future while adhering to a deﬁned set of values that promote and sustain relationships based on high ethical standards and personal integrity.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/who-we-are/team/

Who ARE WE?
Aspen Power is a distributed generation platform dedicated to building the clean energy future.
Overview
About Aspen Power
We are a diverse group of professionals with backgrounds ranging from investment banking to engineering – all dedicated to accelerating the deployment of distributed solar and storage solutions.
Since 2020, our team has financed over 2.5B of renewable energy projects and expanded portfolio as independent power producer to greater than 600 projects.
Meet our Executive Team
Jorge E. Vargas
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Bill Delong
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Scott Delaney
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Iris thrives on her department’s startup mentality
Read more on how Iris Zhao thrives as a Senior Associate in Asset Management.
Senior Leadership at Aspen
Eric Aubrey
VP, EXECUTION
Aaron Bartell
GENERAL COUNSEL
Logan Boutilier
VP, SYSTEMS
Tiffiny Chase
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, PROJECT DEVELOPMENT
Sarah Conde
Executive Director, Procurement
Dan Gulick
EVP, Community Solar
Joe Hao
VP, Energy & AI
Pauline Jozefiak
DIRECTOR, PROJECT FINANCE
Ron Lewis
Controller
John Lind
SVP, ORIGINATION
Kathleen Livelli
Director, Operations
Carley Maron
SVP, People
Jeff Martin
VP, Contracts Execution
Amaury Normand
Director, Investments
Ryan O’Hanlon
VP, Corp. Development
Noelle Paige
VP, Project Development
Darius Razgaitis
VP, Marketing & Comms
Nolan Thomas
Senior Counsel, Legal

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/who-we-are-ap/diversity-equity-inclusion/

DEI
Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
DEI AT ASPEN POWER
Creating a highly diverse, equitable, and inclusive solar industry is not simply a hiring problem. It’s an issue of education, access, political voice, environmental impact, community protection, and sustainability.
We strive to achieve the highest level of success by attracting the brightest individuals from all cultural backgrounds and by investing in the under-resourced and minority communities in which we work.
Our people are the core of everything we do, and Aspen Power recognizes that our differences make us stronger.
Diversity, equity and inclusion are fundamental tenets of our daily work.
Our Approach to DEI at Aspen
We view DEI as a strategic imperative that enhances our customer insight and fuels innovation and growth.
At Aspen, we reward performance, enable professional development, and encourage employee engagement while simultaneously developing a culture of belonging, empowerment, and empathy. Our organization is dedicated to making long-lasting impact in our workplaces and communities.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/what-we-do/market-segments-served/

Market Segments
Aspen Power is where your unique energy objectives meet customized solutions.
MARKET SEGMENTS SERVED
We deliver superior results for solar projects with clients ranging from individual landowners to multinational corporations.
Community Solar
Partner with Aspen Power to bring your community solar development to fruition. Lease your land or commercial rooftop to bring clean energy to your community.
Commercial + Industrial
We’ve completed hundreds of solar projects working with REITs, real estate portfolio owners, property managers and tenants at commercial and industrial sites.
Solar Developers
Aspen Power offers a competitive and flexible financial solution, including development capital.
Public Sector
Public sector clients choose to partner with Aspen Power we’re long-term partners who know how to deliver cost savings while improving sustainability and energy independence.
Multifamily
Aspen Power provides multifamily real estate owners with a turnkey energy solution that generates income, ensures code compliance and improves tenant amenities.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/what-we-do/market-segments-served/community-solar/

Partner with Aspen Power to host clean energy
What is Community Solar?
Community solar projects allow multiple participants to share the benefits of solar energy if they are unable to install solar panels on their own property.
A solar installer typically begins by leasing space on a farm or commercial building owner’s rooftop, installing solar panels, and then connecting the panels to the local electricity grid.
According to the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA), 5.6 gigawatts of community solar have been installed in the U.S. through 2022.
HOSTS
Generate Income & Bring Clean Energy to Your Community
Identify
At Aspen Power, we work with landowners and commercial & industrial building owners to identify opportunities to develop community solar projects (which are known as shared solar or solar gardens). Aspen Power analyzes the property or portfolio of buildings and available incentives.
Install
We make it simple for hosts to earn income from the projects. Aspen is responsible for building, owning, and maintaining the community solar systems, as well as managing subscribers to the program.
Earn
There is no cost to the host, simple contracts, and no complicated hassles with the installation process. If you or your company owns available land or a large building with underutilized roof space, it can quickly generate a new passive income stream by leasing it to Aspen Power.
COMMUNITY SOLAR BENEFITS
- No upfront or operational costs: Solar developers typically cover all upfront and operational costs of the system, including the design, engineering, construction, and maintenance of the solar installation.
- Maintain Ownership: By leasing property you can keep control over the land for the next generation.
- Recurring Income: Create predictable and reliable cash flows for decades to come.
- Unlock Value: Landowners can monetize otherwise underutilized land or explore “agrivoltaics” that can harvest the sun while keeping their current crops.
- Make a Difference: Support energy independence and earn money while doing so.
- Reduced energy costs: Hosts can reduce their energy bill if they choose to participate in the community solar project as an anchor subscriber. They can also give their tenants the option to subscribe to the solar project.
- Positive branding: Improve branding and help to position the building owner as supporting sustainability and clean energy.
- Straightforward: Maximize the amount of space rented out to the solar developer. A conventional solar project would require that all the power produced be used on site, often limiting the scale of a project considerably.
- Increased access to solar energy
- Energy independence
- Reduced carbon footprint for your community
- Financial savings
- Economic benefits
Learn how to receive rent payments for hosting solar on your commercial or industrial roof.
DEVELOPERS
Bring Community Solar Projects to Fruition
Solar developers nationwide are capitalizing on the substantial interest in community solar projects and the incentives available to bring them to fruition. For some developers, completing a solar project can require resources that are not always readily available. As a result, developers often partner with Aspen Power on the following:
Project financing
Streamlined admin
Technical solutions
Legal expertise
Building a Clean Energy Future, Together
If you’re looking for expert assistance for your project, get in touch today to learn more.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/aspen-power-partners-to-acquire-53mw-of-community-solar-projects-from-trajectory-energy-partners/

Aspen Power Partners (“Aspen”) announced today it is acquiring 53 MW of community solar projects in Maryland and Pennsylvania from Trajectory Energy Partners. Trajectory Energy Partners will lead the development of the sites and Aspen will provide the financial support – approximately $96 million – and oversee the design, subscriber management and long-term ownership of the assets.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/aspen-power-acquires-pennsylvania-commercial-solar-portfolio/

Initial portfolio of 10 commercial solar projects from Sunrise Energy totals 42 MW
NEW YORK, May 3, 2023 – Aspen Power, a distributed generation platform with the mission of accelerating and democratizing decarbonization, announced today that it has acquired an initial 10 ground-mounted solar projects in northwest Pennsylvania from Sunrise Energy, LLC. These sites, totaling 42 megawatts of direct current (MWdc) projects, are the start of Aspen’s agreement with Sunrise for the development of an 84MWdc portfolio and represent Aspen’s first phase of its multi-hundred MW Pennsylvania strategy.
The projects have been acquired by Aspen Power from Sunrise Energy, and construction of the sites is expected to begin in the coming months. All of the projects will be net-metered under Pennsylvania’s Alternative Energy Portfolio Standard Act, allowing Aspen Power to generate energy and sell excess electricity back to the grid. This will help to reduce carbon emissions and promote a more sustainable future in the Keystone State.
“We are excited to announce the acquisition of these solar projects from Sunrise,” said Dan Gulick, Senior Vice President, Aspen Power. “These projects are a significant step towards our goal of expanding our renewable energy portfolio and providing clean, sustainable energy to communities across Pennsylvania.”
Dave Hommrich, President of Sunrise, commented on the acquisition, stating, “We are thrilled to partner with Aspen Power to bring these solar projects online. Our shared vision for clean energy and sustainable communities make Aspen Power an ideal partner for Sunrise.”
Pennsylvania has set a target of achieving 18% of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025. These commercial net metering solar projects will help advance that goal while allowing residents, businesses, and other organizations to participate in the renewable energy future.
In November 2022, Aspen Power secured a $350 million investment from Carlyle and acquired Safari Energy, significantly expanding the company’s footprint in the commercial and industrial solar market. With the goal of reaching gigawatt scale by mid-decade, Aspen Power is committed to advancing the transition to a more sustainable energy future.
For more information, please visit Aspen Power’s new website at www.aspenpower.com.
About Aspen Power
Aspen Power is a distributed energy generation platform with the dual mission of accelerating and democratizing decarbonization. We partner with businesses, communities, and others in the industry to develop, construct, and operate renewable energy assets. Our experienced team is passionate about solving our clients’ energy challenges to deliver a sustainable future throughout the U.S. For more information, please visit aspenpower.com.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/aspen-power-acquires-community-solar-portfolio-in-maine/

15 ground-mounted community solar projects total 37-MWdc, spanning the state
NEW YORK, May 10, 2023 – Aspen Power, a distributed generation platform with the mission of accelerating and democratizing decarbonization, announced today that it has acquired a portfolio of 15 ground-mounted community solar projects in Maine. The projects, ranging in size from 1.4 megawatts of direct current (MWdc) to 7 MWdc, total 37 MWdc and are located across the state, from the southern region through Bangor.
One of the projects in Berwick, ME has already reached commercial operation, with a capacity of 2.36 MWdc solar generation and is expected to produce enough electricity to prevent nearly 2,200 metric tons of CO2 from entering the atmosphere every year. That is the equivalent of 4,500 barrels of oil consumed or 380 homes electricity use annually. The energy produced by all the projects will be used by community solar subscribers in the state and support Maine’s goal of achieving 80% renewable energy by 2030.
“We are proud to be a part of Maine’s renewable energy transition and are committed to providing clean and sustainable energy solutions to our communities,” said Dan Gulick, Senior Vice President, Aspen Power. “We believe that the acquisition of these solar projects is an important step towards achieving that goal, and we look forward to bringing all of them online to benefit the communities they serve.”
“We are thrilled to have found a partner in Aspen Power who shares our vision for clean energy and sustainable communities. We look forward to seeing these projects come to fruition under their leadership,” said Clarke Fenner, the original developer of Aspen’s Maine portfolio and current CEO of Senergy Solar Development.
Aspen Power recently acquired Safari Energy, significantly expanding the company’s footprint in the commercial and industrial solar market. With the goal of reaching gigawatt scale by mid-decade, Aspen Power is committed to advancing the transition to a more sustainable energy future.
For more information, please visit Aspen Power’s new website at www.aspenpower.com.
About Aspen Power
Aspen Power is a distributed energy generation platform with the dual mission of accelerating and democratizing decarbonization. We partner with businesses, communities, and others in the industry to develop, construct, and operate renewable energy assets. Our experienced team is passionate about solving our clients’ energy challenges to deliver a sustainable future throughout the U.S. For more information, please visit aspenpower.com.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/the-guide-to-hosting-community-solar-projects-on-industrial-buildings/

FREE WHITE PAPER
Hosting Community Solar Projects on Industrial Properties
Industrial property owners can receive rent payments for hosting a solar project on their roof with no costs to the host, simple contracts, and a seamless installation process. Download our free white paper to learn about the benefits of hosting a rooftop solar project.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/what-we-do/market-segments-served/commercial-industrial/

Commercial & Industrial Solar
The partner of choice for clean energy solutions
We’ve completed hundreds of solar projects working with REITs, real estate portfolio owners, property managers and tenants at commercial and industrial sites.
Deal Types
Flexible financial solutions for your energy objectives.
We offer financial structures that fit best for your company’s unique priorities for clean energy
Client ownership (cash or financed)
Own your solar energy system outright or through financing. Enjoy long-term savings, increased property value, and full control over your renewable energy asset.
Power purchase agreement (PPA)
With a PPA, you pay only for the solar energy produced, typically at a lower rate than traditional utilities. No upfront costs and maintenance is handled by Aspen Power.
Site lease / Rooftop community solar
No capital expenditure required. Lease your site for solar installation and earn passive income. We handle all aspects of the installation and maintenance, providing a hassle-free renewable energy solution.
Client Types
Our interdisciplinary expertise delivers superior solar results across industries.
We are long-term partners for our clients, providing end-to-end services for commercial & industrial solar projects of all types.
Warehouses
Distribution centers
Manufacturing facilities
Retail centers
Office buildings
Corporate campuses
Universities
Municipalities
Why commercial & industrial properties?
It’s estimated that nearly 40 billion square feet of rooftop and parking lot space in the U.S. real estate industry is available and suitable for solar. If solar arrays were deployed on all of those real estate assets, it would have the potential to generate over 25% of the total electricity consumed by commercial properties in the U.S. That’s the equivalent to reducing the CO2 emissions from 275 billion pounds of coal burned each year!
In addition to the large potential for impact, there are several other advantages to installing solar on commercial & industrial buildings. C&I properties typically have large, flat, empty rooftops that make them well-suited for solar because they can generate large amounts of electricity. Furthermore, with options like rooftop community solar – where C&I property owners host solar on their roof or parking lot in exchange for a lease payment – no tenant approval is required, leading to a simple process that’s a win-win for the host, project subscribers, and broader community.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/what-we-do/market-segments-served/solar-developers/

Solar Developers
Deploying fast and efficient solar capital
SOLAR FINANCING
Aspen Power offers a competitive and flexible financial solution, including development capital.
We’ve worked with solar developers and installers at any stage of a solar project, from development through commercial operation.
about our offering
Aspen Power actively seeks to buy projects from developers and installers, offering a solution that can scale.
With extensive project financing experience closing sophisticated solar deals – including deep expertise on interconnection and energy regulatory matters – Aspen Power offers a uniquely nuanced understanding of the asset class.
Learn more about how Aspen partners with other renewable energy companies to bring action to projects.
CASE STUDY
Bring your solar projects to the finish line
Our team is poised to turn a project’s potential into power— and stay on track for success. Aspen is ready to offer the resources, expertise, and financial
stability developers need to maximize returns and stay on schedule. Read this example on how we helped our partner bring an Illinois portfolio to completion.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/what-we-do/market-segments-served/public-sector/

Public Sector
A commitment to the sustainable future
Public sector clients choose to partner with Aspen Power because we’re long-term partners who know how to deliver cost savings while improving sustainability and energy independence.
Deal Types
Our experienced team forges stable partnerships to provide energy savings.
Work with our team to customize an energy solution for your public sector organization that best fits your financial and sustainability goals.
Client ownership
Virtual net metering
PPAs
Public-private partnerships
Benefits
Reduce energy costs and emissions
Solar panels offer a compelling solution for public sector clients seeking to reduce their environmental impact and energy costs. From universities to hospitals, public sector institutions can leverage solar technologies including rooftop and parking canopy systems to generate clean, renewable energy on-site.
Rooftop solar panels maximize existing infrastructure that is likely being underutilized, while solar parking canopies provide added benefits like protection from the elements while generating clean electricity simultaneously. By harnessing the power of the sun, public sector clients can reduce their energy spend, achieve their sustainability goals, and contribute to a cleaner energy future for their communities.
Client Types
Building reliable partnerships across the public sector.
While the public sector is highly diversified, one feature all our clients appreciate is Aspen Power’s emphasis on fostering relationships that span decades.
Universities
Municipalities
School districts
Hospitals
Government facilities

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/what-we-do/market-segments-served/landowners/

LANDOWNERS
Get paid to host solar
Generate predictable, long-term income with a solar lease—often worth thousands of dollars per acre per year.
With Aspen Power, you can retain control of your land while securing reliable cash flow for decades.
We partner with landowners every step of the way—from lease signing to project development, construction, and ongoing operations—and we handle everything, including removal at the end of the project.
Markets with the most lucrative lease rates include Maryland and New York.
I’d like to learn more about hosting solar at:
WHY LANDOWNERS WORK WITH US
By partnering with Aspen Power, the King family is able to preserve their farm for the 4th-generation.
“We did a lot of research before leasing our land for solar and feel confident it was the right decision for our fourth-generation farm,” said Judy King, a Mercer County property owner. “It will provide a steady source of income, helping us plan for the future and preserve the land for the next generation. We’re excited to play a part in something that strengthens Pennsylvania’s energy future.”
Hear more in this Aspen Power testimonial video
BENEFITS OF A SOLAR LEASE
Recurring Income
Create predictable and reliable cashflows for several decades to come.
Ownership
By leasing property, you can maintain control over the land for the next generation.
UNLOCK VALUE
Monetize otherwise underutilized land; explore “agrivoltaics” that can coexist with crops.
MaKE A DIFFERENCE
Support energy independence by reducing our country’s reliance on foreign fuel sources and earn money while doing so.
OUR COMMITMENT
We have demonstrated a commitment to being a reliable partner to leaseholders.
As long-term system owners, we own the responsibility of being good stewards of the land as well. At the end of the lease term, Aspen Power is responsible for decommissioning the solar array and returning the land back to its original state.
Decommissioning a solar project involves fully restoring the land so that it can once again be used for agricultural production or another use. This includes de-compacting any compacted soil, supplementing areas as needed with native soils, revegetating the land to help with erosion and dust control or preparing it for agricultural use.
leasing your land for solar
Frequently Asked Questions
Learn more about what a solar land lease means for your land.
Leasing a portion of your land for solar ensures the preservation of your land for the next generation. Rather than selling off portions of your land over time, a solar lease provides a steady, meaningful new income stream that allows you to maintain full control of your land for the long-term. Leases typically last 25-30 years, the property will be managed throughout the solar farm’s lifespan and returned to you in its original condition after the lease period.
Aspen Power believes that in order to be a great land lease partner, we must be excellent stewards of the land that we’re leasing. Solar and agriculture are not mutually exclusive – in fact, leasing farm land for solar can benefit agricultural land in many ways.
- Improve soil health and retain water
- Nurture native species like pollinators
- Provide low-cost energy to local community members
Through a practice known as “agrivoltaics,” landowners can actually continue using the land underneath solar panels for agricultural purposes. Sheep and cattle can graze under the panels, which are built higher off the ground than traditional solar panels, and a variety of crops can be grown beneath or between the rows of panels. Research has shown that farming under solar panels can decrease evaporation of water from the soil, potentially reducing irrigation requirements, and can actually improve crop yield and crop resistance in extreme weather, such as droughts. There are over 2.8 GW of agrivoltaic sites in the U.S., the majority of which involve sheep grazing and/or pollinator habitat.
A solar farm creates income by selling the power it produces to a local utility or subscribers who are interested in buying renewable power. Aspen Power handles all aspects of buying and selling the green energy generated from the solar farm. The bi-annual lease payments that landowners receive for leasing a portion of their land are not affected by subscription levels and are structured to increase at a predictable rate over the years. In many cases, the payments to landowners can as much as double what a typical farm receives in income over the course of a year.
Leasing land for a solar farm can be considered a secure investment for landowners. Solar energy is a rapidly growing industry, and the demand for renewable energy sources is increasing along with the state goals for using them. This ensures a stable market for the foreseeable future.
Chances are you’ve heard from other solar developers, and you’re likely wondering, “why Aspen Power?”
In addition to offering highly competitive land lease pricing, Aspen is an all-in-one renewable energy company that knows how to build successful projects and understands the local laws and guardrails for those projects. Aspen has developed, financed, constructed and/or operated more than 600 projects nationwide, helping all types of customers access clean energy and save money on their electricity bills.
We work closely with landowners from the initial lease option through development, construction and throughout the life of the solar facility. As the long-term owners of our systems, Aspen takes the responsibility of being stewards of our leased land very seriously and is committed to being a reliable partner that our leaseholders can trust.
At the end of the lease term, Aspen Power is responsible for decommissioning the solar array and returning the land back to its original state. Decommissioning a solar project involves fully restoring the land so that it can once again be used for agricultural production or another use. This includes de-compacting any compacted soil, supplementing areas as needed with native soils, revegetating the land to help with erosion and dust control or preparing it for agricultural use.
Farmers and landowners are likely interested in learning more about the type of solar panels being installed on their land, fencing setbacks, drainage systems, soil and water conservation, and soil compaction. Questions about how panels are recycled and whether leaching of heavy metals from the panels occur may also be top of mind for individuals looking to protect and preserve their land for future use.
As the owner and operator of the solar panels and long-term partner for the duration of the lease, it is in our best interest to ensure that both the land and the panels are properly taken care of. When planning a solar project, Aspen Power goes the extra mile to protect the land we’re building on by conducting a number of environmental assessments, from wildlife implication studies to wetland analyses, before the project is ever built. Recent studies have revealed that combining solar and agriculture has actually been shown to improve a variety of ecosystem services, including regulating climate and air quality, water retention, improving biodiversity and even water and soil conservation.
It’s important for landowners to trust their partner and inquire about the steps being taken to protect their land early on. At Aspen, we pride ourselves on being good stewards of the land and great partners to our customers. Get in touch with us and ask us your questions about a solar lease for your land.
Contact our team today for your quote
Fill out the form below or get in touch with John directly
John Larkin
Director, Origination
646.465.7834 (direct line)
jlarkin@aspenpower.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/what-we-do/technology/

Technology
Forward-thinking projects fueled by advanced technologies
Aspen’s Tech Stack
Renewable technologies like solar photovoltaics have become significantly more advanced in recent years.
Whether it’s efficiency, versatility, or affordability, our customers benefit from the savings and optimization.
Aspen Power’s energy professionals are experts in assessing which technology types best suit our client’s needs and have experience in delivering each of the various solar, storage, and EV charging solutions described on this page.
C&I Rooftop Solar
Leverage unused roof space to generate meaningful value
Ground Mounted Solar
No rooftop, no problem.
Solar Parking Canopies
Maximize your space and generate value
Battery Storage
Solar energy + battery storage systems: a powerful way to power your business.
EV Charging
Electrification for a more sustainable future
Artificial Intelligence
Solar has a low tech problem
See how Aspen Power can help you create value with the type of solar energy project that’s right for you.
Each renewable energy project requires its own custom mix of technologies to capitalize on the space, resources, and specific goals of each client.
All of these technologies have different benefits, and working with a trusted energy partner to understand the nuances of each tech type is the first step towards developing a successful renewable energy project.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/what-we-do/technology/photovoltaics/

Solar Technology Types
Roof, ground, or parking, we’ve got it covered
ROOFTOP SOLAR
Commercial and industrial (C&I) facilities with large, unused roofs are great candidates for solar.
Rooftop solar systems are carefully designed and positioned to maximize exposure to sunlight, without interfering with facility operations that may require access to other rooftop equipment. In addition, rooftop solar photovoltaics absorb harmful UV waves, reducing degradation and increasing the longevity of roofs.
Rooftop Technology
Bifacial panels capture sunlight from both sides, which means that white reflective roof coating can boost energy generation. This can be done for little to no additional cost.
Our non-penetrating solar design uses slipsheets and simple concrete ballasts to protect the roof from damage. This creative approach, while not high-tech, can save costs and provide peace of mind around roof warranties.
BIFACIAL PANELS
NON-PENETRATING DESIGN
Parking SOLAR
Businesses and property owners are using their parking space creatively to achieve their goals.
With solar panels raised above the existing parking areas, installations can generate electricity while providing shade and protection from the elements and UV rays for employee and customer vehicles.
These systems are designed so they do not impact the flow of traffic and parking capacity and can even be added atop existing structures. Solar parking canopies can also incorporate lighting for enhanced safety or electric vehicle charging stations for an additional green component.
Solar Parking Technology
Integrating EV charging with solar in parking lots enhances sustainability, offering convenient, eco-friendly energy solutions for electric vehicles. This innovative pairing offers employees or customers eco-friendly amenities while reducing carbon emissions.
Hanging equipment like inverters and optimizers ensures pedestrian and traffic flow are unimpeded, minimizing the system’s footprint.
EV CHARGING
HANGING EQUIPMENT
GROUNDMOUNT SOLAR
No rooftop, no problem.
Occasionally, C&I roofs are encumbered with vents, skylights, and other features that prevent optimal system design for rooftop solar. Or perhaps there’s additional land available at your property.
In cases like this, we often install ground mounted solar arrays. In some cases, ground-mounted solar arrays may be the only option if the roof of the building or parking lot is not large enough to design the desired system or does not receive enough daily sunlight due to shading from trees or other structures.
Ground Mount Photovoltaics
Ground-mounted solar systems can now incorporate tracking systems that allow solar panels to follow the sun’s path throughout the day, optimizing energy capture.
Single-axis and dual-axis tracking systems adjust the tilt and orientation of the panels to maximize solar exposure, increasing overall energy production.
TRACKERS

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://aspenpower.com/what-we-do/technology/battery-storage/

Battery storage coupled with solar power systems can be a powerful way to reduce demand charges and boost resiliency. We work with clients to identify ways to integrate batteries to reduce a facility’s peak demand and optimize demand throughout the day.
Benefits of Battery Storage
Reliable and resilient energy
Solar-plus-storage systems improve a company’s resilience to power outages by providing backup energy when the lights go out. Solar power systems with battery storage help ensure business continuity, since operations can continue to run on the solar power stored in the battery. This is how companies can truly take advantage of all the benefits solar has to offer.
Financial benefits
Companies can reduce or eliminate the amount of power being purchased from their utility with a solar-plus-storage system, resulting in tangible cost-savings. This is especially valuable considering that utility rates tend to fluctuate and rise over time across the country.
New federal storage incentives
There are financial and tax incentives for both solar and storage, such as the Federal Investment Tax Credit (ITC). The ITC is a federal tax credit for commercial solar projects, and more recently energy storage systems, that is applied to the business’ federal income tax return debt. The recently passed Inflation Reduction Act increased the ITC from 26 percent to 30 percent for projects that meet the criteria, improving incentives for businesses to support energy transition goals.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------