Skip to main content
The first AI-native power producer
BrightNight is the first AI-native cognitive enterprise in Energy, built around its industry-leading artificial intelligence platform, PowerAlpha®. Designed to optimize the development, design, and operation of our clean power systems, PowerAlpha uncovers the ideal design, energy mix, and operational strategy for each project, ensuring maximum value for our clients while making electricity more affordable, resilient, and reliable than ever before.
BrightNight delivers dispatchable utility-scale power solutions tailored to our clients’ needs in a rapidly evolving energy industry.
Safe, reliable, clean power at the lowest cost, for utilities, data centers, and commercial and industrial companies.
Learn More:
Utilities
Data Centers
Commercial & Industrial
Landowners
Project Status:
Development
Hop Hill
The BrightNight Hop Hill project is currently under development in Benton County, Washington. This exciting project will provide 500-megawatts (MW) of renewable solar energy combined with 500MW of battery storage, which will result in high-value, dispatchable capacity that is capable of economically replacing retiring coal powered generation, improving grid reliability, compensating for declining hydro resources, and helping insulate electricity customers from fluctuating natural gas prices.
Project Status:
Operational
Box Canyon
The BrightNight Box Canyon project, located in Pinal County, Arizona is an exceptional opportunity to procure power from a highly dispatchable solar + storage system. This 300-megawatt system features a hybrid design optimized by BrightNight’s proprietary software to maximize performance and deliver the highest-value project at the lowest cost to our customers.
Project Status:
Development
Ragland
Currently under development in McCracken County, Kentucky, Ragland will provide 125-megawatts of clean renewable solar power to five major organizations in LG&E’s service territories. In addition to renewable electricity, the Ragland project will also generate significant economic value through tax revenue and job creation.
Leadership
Founded by industry leaders: Meet our leadership team
Insight
A History of Success: How Utilities Will Continue to Succeed
"
*
" indicates required fields
Thank you for contacting BrightNight.
Close