ROOT: https://burlingtonelectric.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:53:25.231626Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 24

================================================================================

URL: https://burlingtonelectric.com/

BED Energy Assistance Program
BED continues to focus on supporting our customers who have experienced financial hardships and reminds our customers about the availability of our Energy Assistance Program. This program provides a 12.5 percent discount for eligible participating customers.
Lower Your Bill
The best way to lower your bill is to understand how your home is currently using electricity. Your online account can show you how your usage varies from month to month, day to day, and even in 15-minute increments so you can figure out the best way to start saving.
Net Zero Energy Podcast
The City of Burlington, Vermont’s goal is to reduce, and eventually eliminate, fossil fuel usage. In this podcast series, Burlington’s Director of Sustainability Jennifer Green and her guests share ways we can all reduce our energy usage for heating, driving, and everything else we plug in.
CVOEO Weatherization | Dwight DeCoster
Dwight DeCoster is Program Manager for Champlain Valley Weatherization with the Champlain Valley Office of Economic Opportunity (CVOEO). The organization offers homeowners AND renters weatherization services to improve home energy efficiency and comfort, and to decrease heating bills at little or no cost to qualifying residents.
Green Lending | Laurie Fielder
Laurie Fielder is the Vice President of Green Lending at EastRise, a credit union with offices in Burlington, South Burlington, Williston, and throughout the state. Laurie talks about the ways customers can get competitive rates on special loans for making your home more energy efficient and using less fossil fuel from EastRise and other banks in Vermont
EAN 2025 Annual Progress Report | Cara Robechek
Cara Robechek, Deputy Director and Network Manager for Energy Action Network, shares the findings in this year’s 2025 Annual Progress Report for Vermont on Energy, Affordability, and Emissions. The report provides an in-depth analysis of where Vermont stands relative to its climate commitments and energy goals. This year’s report highlights the theme of affordability.
Net Zero Energy News
- February 2026 Net Zero Energy News January 30, 2026 - Get Help Paying Your Electric Bills with BED’s Energy Assistance Program BED’s Energy Assistance Program (EAP) provides a 12.5 percent
- January 2026 Net Zero Energy News January 2, 2026 - Get Help Paying Your Electric Bills with BED’s Energy Assistance Program As we enter 2026, we remind our customers that
- Moody’s Investors Service Affirms BED’s A3 Credit Rating December 23, 2025 - Recognizes Renewable Power, Competitive Rates, and Improved Financial Metrics
- Burlington Electric Department Announces Expansion of Energy Assistance Program December 18, 2025 - Updates Will Allow Qualifying Providers of Affordable Housing and Temporary Shelter Housing to Participate in the Program
- Burlington Electric Celebrates Net Zero Energy 2026 Calendar Contest Winners December 4, 2025 - Every year, Burlington Electric Department (BED) and the Burlington School District collaborate on the annual Net Zero Energy Calendar contest.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/leadership-team/

Leadership Team
General Manager
Darren Springer
General Manager
Darren Springer was appointed and confirmed as General Manager in October 2018, and since that time Burlington Electric Department developed and published its Net Zero Energy Roadmap, which the Smart Electric Power Alliance termed the “first US Net Zero 2030 plan.” During Darren’s tenure, Burlington has been named the top city in the east/northeast for solar per capita in 2022 by Environment America, and launched dozens of new strategic electrification incentive programs, policies and initiatives to help Burlington Electric Department customers switch from fossil fuel to clean electric technologies in the heating and transportation sectors.
Formerly, Darren served as Burlington Electric Department’s Chief Operating Officer and led the Center for Innovation team which includes the Policy & Planning, Finance, Information Technology and Energy Services divisions. Prior to joining BED, Darren served as Chief of Staff for the Office of Governor Peter Shumlin. Before working in the Governor’s Office, Darren was appointed as Deputy Commissioner at the Vermont Public Service Department, leading the advancement of the 2014 net metering law and 2015 renewable energy standard.
Previously, Darren worked for 4 years in the Washington, D.C. Office of U.S. Senator Bernard Sanders as Senior Policy Advisor for Energy & Environment, and later as Chief Counsel. He has also worked for the National Governors Association as Program Director for Energy and Transportation. Darren has a B.A. from Florida Atlantic University and earned a J.D. and Master of Studies in Environmental Law from Vermont Law School. While at Vermont Law School, he was selected as Managing Editor of the Vermont Law Review, and clerked for U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy on the Senate Judiciary Committee. He is a member of the Vermont Bar, Virginia Bar, and Florida Bar. He currently serves on the Board of Directors for Vermont Electric Power Company, the Energy Action Network, Lund, and formerly served on the Board of Vermont Natural Resources Council and BTV Ignite. Darren has also served as a Policy Fellow on Climate Change and Renewable Energy at the University of Vermont Center for Research on Vermont, and in that capacity published a law journal article on the future of utility regulation in the William & Mary Environmental Law and Policy Review.
Managers
Paul G. Alexander
Manager of Safety & Risk Management
Paul G. Alexander, CPCU, ARM-PE, CUSP serves as Manager of Safety & Risk Management in the Center for Safety at the Burlington Electric Department (BED). In this role, he oversees the areas of Risk Management, Safety, Environmental, General Services and Purchasing & Inventory. Additionally, he acts as the Primary Compliance Contact (PCC) for the FERC/NERC/NPCC Reliability standards. Prior to joining BED, he worked in the Actuarial Areas at Vermont Mutual and at the Aetna Life & Casualty (in Hartford, CT). He received a Bachelor of Science Degree in Mathematics from UVM and a Master of Science Degree in Applied Statistics also from UVM. Since joining BED, he has earned the professional designations of Chartered Property Casualty Underwriter (CPCU), the Associate in Risk Management for Public Entities (ARM-P), the Associate in Risk Management for Enterprise Risk Management (ARM-E), OSHA’s Public Sector Safety & Health Fundamentals for General Industry and USOLN’s Certified Utility Safety Professional (CUSP). Paul is a Deputy Member of the Risk and Insurance Management Society (RIMS) as well as the Public Risk Management Association (PRIMA) and has served as President of the Vermont CPCU Society.
Mike Kanarick
Manager of Customer Care, Communications, and Energy Services
Mike Kanarick leads the Center for Customer Care and Energy Services and serves as Manager of Customer Care, Communications, and Energy Services. Mike is responsible for the customer service, call center, education, community engagement, communications, government affairs, and energy efficiency areas of BED.
Prior to joining BED in July 2015, Mike enjoyed 20+ years of work as a public servant in both city and state government, as a nonprofit executive director, as a political campaign staffer, and as a federal prosecutor. Immediately before BED, Mike served for more than three years as Chief of Staff to Burlington Mayor Miro Weinberger, helping the mayor lead the 650-person City team by serving as the direct liaison to the City’s 18 department directors and working as communications director for the Mayor’s Office and the City. Prior to his work with the City, Mike worked as president of Jvillage, a Burlington-based technology start-up that designs and builds websites for synagogues and other Jewish nonprofits to help them better engage their members. Mike also worked as an executive director at synagogues in Birmingham, Alabama and Burlington, Vermont.
Further, he worked on political campaigns in Vermont, in his home state of New Jersey, and in Alabama, where he also served as press secretary to the governor of Alabama. He serves on the Board of Directors of RunVermont. Mike graduated from Dartmouth College and Fordham Law School.
Munir Kasti
COO, Manager of Utility Services & Engineering
Munir Kasti, P.E., serves as Chief Operating Officer and leads the Center for Safety and Reliability as Manager of Utility Services and Engineering. Munir is responsible for the overall strategic management and leadership of BED’s engineering, operations, grid services, and generating facilities areas. His responsibilities include supervision of transmission and distribution planning, preparation of the distribution system for energy industry changes, and coordination of all functions to ensure the efficiency, cost-effectiveness, and reliability of our system. Munir plays a key labor relations role in regularly working with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 300 leadership, including his recent service that helped lead to a new, four-year union contract, effective July 1, 2018. Munir joined the BED team in 1993 and has held supervisory and managerial positions within BED’s engineering, grid services, and resource planning areas. Prior to BED, Munir worked at Commonwealth Electric Company in transmission and distribution systems planning.
Munir serves on the City of Burlington Retirement Board and on the University of Vermont’s Board of Advisors for the School of Engineering. Munir earned a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Arizona and a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from Northeastern University. He is licensed as a Professional Engineer in the State of Vermont.
Emily Stebbins-Wheelock
Chief Financial Officer & Manager of Strategy and Innovation
As the Manager of Strategy and Innovation, Emily Stebbins-Wheelock leads Burlington Electric’s Center for Innovation, which includes the finance, information technology, policy and planning, and sustainability and workforce development teams. Her expertise includes strategy development and performance management, project and change management, organizational development, enterprise risk management, and emergency and continuity of operations planning. Prior to joining BED, Emily worked for 15 years in finance and administration at the University of Vermont, most recently as the Director of Office of Operational Excellence. While at UVM Emily led strategic and business process improvement projects including the implementation of the University’s budgeting and financial reporting system, development of UVM’s enterprise risk management program, implementation of an incentive-based budgeting model, and comprehensive reviews of UVM’s student scholarship administration and procurement processes.
Emily is a former member and chair of the Burlington Planning Commission and served on the Vermont Council on Rural Development’s Council on the Future of Vermont. Emily is a Prosci Certified Change Practitioner and has earned the Associate in Risk Management-Enterprise Risk Management (ARM-E) designation. She holds a Bachelor of Arts from Harvard University and a Master of Science in Community Development & Applied Economics from UVM.
Team Leaders
Chris Burns
Director of Energy Services
Chris Burns is Director of Energy Services for the Burlington Electric Department. He is responsible for planning and directing the delivery of BED’s commercial and residential energy service offerings to BED’s customers. He is a graduate of the University of Vermont, a long time Burlington resident, and has over 30 years of experience in the electric utility and energy efficiency sectors.
Paul Charbonneau
Director of Purchasing & Facilities
Paul Charbonneau is the Director of Purchasing and Facilities, in charge of Purchasing and Inventory, Stockroom Operations, Buildings and Grounds, Shipping, Receiving, Mail Processing and Fleet Management. Paul joined BED in 2012 as the Purchasing Agent and Inventory Specialist at the McNeil Generating Station.
Before coming to Burlington Electric Department, Paul worked with CCTA (Chittenden County Transit Authority) maintaining their inventory and overseeing the stockroom and prior to that, at Barnes Distribution performing inventory management for companies like Bond Auto stores (statewide) and General Electric Aerospace (in Rutland).
Paul resides in South Burlington with his girlfriend and enjoy golfing, traveling, and peaceful time by the water.
Seth Clifford
Chief Forester
Seth Clifford is Chief Forester, responsible for the safe, efficient, reliable and environmentally sound procurement of wood fuel in amounts and at times necessary for operation of the J.C. McNeil Generating Station. Seth joined BED as a procurement forester in 2012. Prior to joining BED, Seth had a nearly 20-year career as a consulting forester, working with a diverse collection of clients ranging from small non-industrial owners to large institutional investors located throughout the New England region.
Seth holds a Bachelor of Science in Forestry from the University of Vermont and is a licensed forester in Vermont and New Hampshire.
Seth lives in Starksboro with his wife and has two grown sons. In his spare time, he enjoys hunting, boating, golf and spending time with friends and family.
Erica Ferland
Director of Information Technology
Erica Ferland is the Director of Information Technology at Burlington Electric Department. Erica is responsible for developing and implementing information technology procedures, encryption and cybersecurity standards, project management and project planning.
Prior to joining BED, Erica worked in various IT roles in Vermont, most recently as an IT and systems architecture consultant with a major area healthcare provider. Erica earned a BA in Psychology from Skidmore College. When away from the keyboard, Erica is most often found in the woods, on the lake, on the golf course or in AKC agility competitions with her two golden retrievers.
Mike Flora
Director of Safety and Environmental
Mike Flora, CUSP, serves as Director of Safety and Environmental. Mike is responsible for and ensures compliance with safety and health regulations at the local, state, and federal levels.
Prior to joining BED in 2012, Mike worked for eight years at Burlington Telecom as Division Manager of Engineering and Construction. Prior to his work for the City, Mike worked as Director of Operations for Primelink, an Internet and telephone start-up company in upstate New York, and as an Operations Manager for Bell Atlantic.
He is a member of the National Utility Safety and Operational Leadership Network. Mike holds a Bachelor of Science in Finance from Siena College and is a Certified Utility Safety Professional (CUSP).
James L. Gibbons
Director of Policy and Planning
James L. Gibbons heads the Policy and Planning Team at Burlington Electric Department. The Policy and Planning Team is responsible for wholesale power market interactions, renewability, strategic electrification program design, and long term planning.
James joined BED in 2008. Prior to that he worked for almost 20 years at the Vermont Public Power Supply Authority where he was initially responsible for load forecasting and energy efficiency, moved to rates and rate design, and from 2003 on managed the organization’s Power Supply and Transmission activities.
James was a key participant in securing BED’s 100% renewable energy portfolio by both negotiating long term renewable contracts and affecting the purchase of the Winooski One hydro facility in 2014. In his ten years at BED, in addition to his power supply responsibilities, James was the Project Manager for BED’s ARRA grant deployment of an advanced metering system that covers virtually all of BED’s customers, for several BED owned solar generating arrays (including one located in partnership with another City Department on the roof of the Burlington Airport parking garage), and for BED’s last two triennial Integrated Resource Plan filings.
James serves (and has served) on numerous utility boards and committees and, In his position on these boards and committees, James is always a strong voice in support of public power.
In 2018, James received the Northeast Public Power Association Distinguished Service Award.
Jennifer Green
Director of Sustainability and Workforce Development
Jennifer is the Director of Sustainability and Workforce Vitality. Jennifer’s work involves efforts to transition Burlington to net zero energy in the thermal and transportation sectors and in this capacity, supports, designs and implements projects within Burlington Electric Department, including work across city offices, and with stakeholders throughout Burlington, and beyond. Jennifer joined the BED team after several years in the City’s Community and Economic Development Office, where she oversaw the City’s sustainability plan and the Climate Action Plan.
Upon moving to Vermont, Jennifer consulted at the Vermont Energy Investment Corporation where she helped write the energy efficiency utility proposal that would eventually lead to the creation of Efficiency Vermont. Prior to life in Vermont, Jennifer worked CARE International and the World Resources Institute including stints living and working in West and Central Africa. Jennifer was a Peace Corps Volunteer in Cameroon, has a Master’s in Public Administration from Columbia University and a PhD in Environmental Sociology from American University.
Michael Harron
Director of Generation Operations
Michael Harron is the Director of Generation Operations at Burlington Electric Department, responsible for overseeing the operations of BED’s generation assets, including McNeil Generating Station, Winooski One Hydro, The Gas Turbine, and Airport/Pine Street solar arrays.
Michael holds a Bachelor of Science in Marine Engineering from Massachusetts Maritime Academy and a U.S. Coast Guard Chief Engineer Endorsement. Before joining BED, he spent eight years as a Marine Engineer in the U.S. Merchant Marine, sailing on private tankers as well as with NOAA’s Office of Marine and Aviation Operations aboard Fishery Research Vessels.
Michael Lives in South Burlington with his wife and daughter. Outside of work, he enjoys hiking with his family, playing hockey, baseball, fishing and snowboarding.
Andi Higbee
Director of System Operations
Andi Higbee is Director of System Operations, providing leadership for the Power System Coordinators.
Andi has been with BED for more than 10 years, most recently serving as the Director of Customer Care. Since joining BED, Andi has been recognized for Excellence in Customer Service by the Northeast Public Power Association. He is also the recipient of the BED Jim Reardon Public Service Award and the Positive Impact Award presented by the City of Burlington Wellness Committee. Andi joined BED after a twenty-five-year career in law enforcement with the City of Burlington, including having served as Deputy Chief, Operations Services Bureau. Andi received a number of commendations in law enforcement from the City, including the Distinguished Service, Life Saving and Chief’s Awards. Andi earned his Associate’s Degree in Criminal Justice, magna cum laude, at Champlain College, and has continued coursework at Champlain.
Andi is deeply engaged in the community, serving on the Board of Directors for the Queen City Police Foundation and previously for the Boards of Special Olympics Vermont and the Humane Society of Chittenden County, and volunteering his time with RunVermont, the Humane Society of Chittenden County as well as the McClure Miller Respite House. Andi lives in Colchester, has two daughters who share an affinity for horseback riding, and in his spare time enjoys hiking, boating, biking, and woodworking.
Amanda Hurlbut
Controller
Amanda Hurlbut, CPA, is Burlington Electric Department’s Controller, responsible for all accounting and financial operations. She is responsible for overseeing the Department’s financial information and systems, and the associated business processes, policies, and controls. Amanda joined BED in 2022 as the Operating Staff Accountant before becoming the Controller in 2023. Prior to joining BED, Amanda worked as a financial statement auditor at a public accounting firm.
Amanda holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and a Master of Accountancy, both from the University of Vermont and is a licensed Certified Public Accountant in the State of Vermont.
Amanda lives in St. Albans with her husband, daughter, and son. In her spare time, she enjoys boating, golfing, and spending time with friends and family.
Mike Leach
Supervisor of Billing & Analytics
Mike Leach is Supervisor of Billing & Analytics, responsible for coordinating BED’s Advanced Meter Infrastructure (AMI), Meter Data Management and Billing systems, for a seamless meter to cash process. Mike oversees the development and maintenance of data analytics for load research, short and long-term forecasting, as well as other activities in support of the mission to make Burlington a Net Zero City. Mike is constantly looking for ways to leverage our AMI to improve grid reliability and employee productivity, and envisions opportunities where AMI continues as the backbone for future “smart cities applications”. Mike’s work is integral to rate design, and he has developed sophisticated hourly load data by rate class for BED.
Mike has a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics, and a Master’s degree in Statistics, both from the University of Vermont. Mike has two grown daughters, lives in Stowe, and in his spare time is a downhill ski coach.
Paul Nadeau
Director of Engineering
Paul Nadeau is the Director of Engineering, responsible for the overall strategic management and supervision of BED’s Engineering and Technical Services groups. Paul joined BED in 2023 and brings over 17 years of Engineering and Technical Experience. Prior to BED, Paul most recently was a Principal Engineer at Green Mountain Power.
Paul holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from Clarkson University and is a licensed Professional Engineer in the State of Vermont.
Paul lives in Richmond with his wife and two sons. In his spare time, he enjoys mountain biking and carpentry.
Bob Risley
Distribution Superintendent
Bob Risley is the Distribution Superintendent, overseeing the lineworkers and metering teams. Bob started with BED in 1995 as a line worker and worked his way up to Crew Leader then Senior Crew Leader. In 1999, Bob was the lead in forming the first New England Municipal Line Workers Rodeo which still runs to this day via NEPPA. Before joining our team, he worked in the Hartford, Connecticut area as an IBEW contract lineworker.
Bob lives in Milton and comes from a family of lineworkers including his father, uncles, stepbrothers, and brothers-in-law who all shared his vocation.
Lincoln Sprague
Director of Generation Engineering and Maintenance
Lincoln Sprague is the Director of Generation Engineering and Maintenance, responsible for the performance of BED’s generation assets, including McNeil Station, Winooski One Hydro, the Gas Turbine, and Airport/Pine Street solar arrays. Lincoln joined BED in 2025, having spent the last 8 years as an R&D engineer at Dynapower, where he built utility-scale battery inverters and participated in industry working groups to develop performance and test requirements for emerging distributed generation technologies.
Lincoln was trained as an electrician in the United States Coast Guard, has a Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Vermont, and holds Vermont state licenses as a journeyman electrician and professional engineer.
Lincoln lives in Monkton with his family. In his spare time he enjoys swimming, hockey, and playing the piano.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/

BED Energy Assistance Program
BED continues to focus on supporting our customers who have experienced financial hardships and reminds our customers about the availability of our Energy Assistance Program. This program provides a 12.5 percent discount for eligible participating customers.
Lower Your Bill
The best way to lower your bill is to understand how your home is currently using electricity. Your online account can show you how your usage varies from month to month, day to day, and even in 15-minute increments so you can figure out the best way to start saving.
Net Zero Energy Podcast
The City of Burlington, Vermont’s goal is to reduce, and eventually eliminate, fossil fuel usage. In this podcast series, Burlington’s Director of Sustainability Jennifer Green and her guests share ways we can all reduce our energy usage for heating, driving, and everything else we plug in.
CVOEO Weatherization | Dwight DeCoster
Dwight DeCoster is Program Manager for Champlain Valley Weatherization with the Champlain Valley Office of Economic Opportunity (CVOEO). The organization offers homeowners AND renters weatherization services to improve home energy efficiency and comfort, and to decrease heating bills at little or no cost to qualifying residents.
Green Lending | Laurie Fielder
Laurie Fielder is the Vice President of Green Lending at EastRise, a credit union with offices in Burlington, South Burlington, Williston, and throughout the state. Laurie talks about the ways customers can get competitive rates on special loans for making your home more energy efficient and using less fossil fuel from EastRise and other banks in Vermont
EAN 2025 Annual Progress Report | Cara Robechek
Cara Robechek, Deputy Director and Network Manager for Energy Action Network, shares the findings in this year’s 2025 Annual Progress Report for Vermont on Energy, Affordability, and Emissions. The report provides an in-depth analysis of where Vermont stands relative to its climate commitments and energy goals. This year’s report highlights the theme of affordability.
Net Zero Energy News
- February 2026 Net Zero Energy News January 30, 2026 - Get Help Paying Your Electric Bills with BED’s Energy Assistance Program BED’s Energy Assistance Program (EAP) provides a 12.5 percent
- January 2026 Net Zero Energy News January 2, 2026 - Get Help Paying Your Electric Bills with BED’s Energy Assistance Program As we enter 2026, we remind our customers that
- Moody’s Investors Service Affirms BED’s A3 Credit Rating December 23, 2025 - Recognizes Renewable Power, Competitive Rates, and Improved Financial Metrics
- Burlington Electric Department Announces Expansion of Energy Assistance Program December 18, 2025 - Updates Will Allow Qualifying Providers of Affordable Housing and Temporary Shelter Housing to Participate in the Program
- Burlington Electric Celebrates Net Zero Energy 2026 Calendar Contest Winners December 4, 2025 - Every year, Burlington Electric Department (BED) and the Burlington School District collaborate on the annual Net Zero Energy Calendar contest.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://burlingtonelectric.com/stop-or-start-service

Start or Stop Service
Welcome to BurlingtonIf you have never had an account with Burlington Electric Department, please call our Customer Care Team. 802-865-7300 |
Returning CustomersMoving within Burlington? Returning BED customer? Customers who have had service in their name in Burlington before and don’t have an unpaid balance can use our Request Form. |
Commercial CustomersIf you would like to start new service for your business, please call our Customer Care Team. 802-865-7300 |
More Forms
Stop ServicePlease plan two weeks ahead of time to schedule a time for having your electric service disconnected or reconnected. |
LandlordsPlease fill out this form if you would like to authorize your tenant to start or stop service. |
ContractorsUse this form if you are working on new construction, upgrading service, or changing equipment. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://burlingtonelectric.com/report-a-problem

Report A Problem
An Electrical Emergency at Home
In case of an electrical emergency in your home, call 802-865-7300 or e-mail us. A BED employee may be able to help determine or correct the electrical problem you are having. The fee for this service depends on the source of the problem and time of day.
SeeClickFix
You may also download or launch SeeClickFix to report a problem from your mobile device.
Get The App
Get The App
Note: DO NOT USE THIS FORM FOR EMERGENCIES. Reporting a problem here will send an email to Burlington Electric Department. This email might not be processed until the next business day.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://burlingtonelectric.com/contact

Contact Us Contact Us Email using the form below anytime. We will respond during business hours. Call 802-865-7300 Monday – Friday 8:00am – 4:30pm. Visit 585 Pine Street Monday – Friday 8:30am – 4:30pm. Fax: 802-865-7500 Contact What Can We Help You With Today? - Select -Starting or Stopping ServiceMy AccountCalendar Contest Party RSVPEmergency Outage ReportSaving EnergyOur Rebate ProgramsElectric VehiclesSolar PanelsScheduling An Outage (Electricians)Our RFP Team (Requests For Proposals)Sponsorship InquiryOur Communications DepartmentBoard of Electric CommissionersUsage Data RequestOther To receive our Customer Satisfaction Survey, please fill out the form below. Your participation will help us learn how to deliver even better customer service to our community. After completing the survey, you will have the opportunity to win one of ten $50 City Market gift cards. Request for usage data MUST originate from the account holder. If you need to start or stop your service, please use our our Start or Stop Service Form. Start or Stop Service » Company (optional) First Name Last Name Email Phone Address Optional. How did you hear about this? Example: neighborhood flyer, Front Porch Forum, social media Customer ID - Location ID These numbers appear on your bill. Event Name Event Date(s) & Location if applicable Amount of Sponsorship Requested if applicable Number of People Attending if applicable How does the event benefit the Burlington community? Outage Location Outage Details Did you hear anything, see anything? Please specify what and where. Your Message Submit Form

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://burlingtonelectric.com/contact/

Contact Us Contact Us Email using the form below anytime. We will respond during business hours. Call 802-865-7300 Monday – Friday 8:00am – 4:30pm. Visit 585 Pine Street Monday – Friday 8:30am – 4:30pm. Fax: 802-865-7500 Contact What Can We Help You With Today? - Select -Starting or Stopping ServiceMy AccountCalendar Contest Party RSVPEmergency Outage ReportSaving EnergyOur Rebate ProgramsElectric VehiclesSolar PanelsScheduling An Outage (Electricians)Our RFP Team (Requests For Proposals)Sponsorship InquiryOur Communications DepartmentBoard of Electric CommissionersUsage Data RequestOther To receive our Customer Satisfaction Survey, please fill out the form below. Your participation will help us learn how to deliver even better customer service to our community. After completing the survey, you will have the opportunity to win one of ten $50 City Market gift cards. Request for usage data MUST originate from the account holder. If you need to start or stop your service, please use our our Start or Stop Service Form. Start or Stop Service » Company (optional) First Name Last Name Email Phone Address Optional. How did you hear about this? Example: neighborhood flyer, Front Porch Forum, social media Customer ID - Location ID These numbers appear on your bill. Event Name Event Date(s) & Location if applicable Amount of Sponsorship Requested if applicable Number of People Attending if applicable How does the event benefit the Burlington community? Outage Location Outage Details Did you hear anything, see anything? Please specify what and where. Your Message Submit Form

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://burlingtonelectric.com/nze

Burlington’s Net Zero Energy goal is
to eliminate fossil fuel usage in heating and ground transportation.
Transitioning away from carbon emitting fossil fuels has many environmental, social and economic benefits. For example, as we move away from fossil fuels and efficiently electrify our buildings and vehicles, we’ll reduce our city’s greenhouse emissions that lead to climate change, improve our air quality and public health, reduce congestion, and have safer and more comfortable homes and work spaces. Furthermore, by producing or securing more and more electricity closer to home, NZE will keep more dollars local, essentially growing the local economy and generating more local jobs.
Read the Net Zero Energy Roadmap Read the 2024 NZE Roadmap Update
Net Zero Energy News
- February 2026 Net Zero Energy News January 30, 2026 - Get Help Paying Your Electric Bills with BED’s Energy Assistance Program BED’s Energy Assistance Program (EAP) provides a 12.5 percent
- January 2026 Net Zero Energy News January 2, 2026 - Get Help Paying Your Electric Bills with BED’s Energy Assistance Program As we enter 2026, we remind our customers that
- Moody’s Investors Service Affirms BED’s A3 Credit Rating December 23, 2025 - Recognizes Renewable Power, Competitive Rates, and Improved Financial Metrics
- Burlington Electric Department Announces Expansion of Energy Assistance Program December 18, 2025 - Updates Will Allow Qualifying Providers of Affordable Housing and Temporary Shelter Housing to Participate in the Program
Net Zero Energy Podcast
The City of Burlington, Vermont’s goal is to eliminate fossil fuel usage. In this podcast series, Burlington’s Director of Sustainability Jennifer Green and her guests will be sharing ways we can all reduce our energy usage for heating, driving, and everything else we plug in.
CVOEO Weatherization | Dwight DeCoster
Dwight DeCoster is Program Manager for Champlain Valley Weatherization with the Champlain Valley Office of Economic Opportunity (CVOEO). The organization offers homeowners AND renters weatherization services to improve home energy efficiency and comfort, and to decrease heating bills at little or no cost to qualifying residents.
Green Lending | Laurie Fielder
Laurie Fielder is the Vice President of Green Lending at EastRise, a credit union with offices in Burlington, South Burlington, Williston, and throughout the state. Laurie talks about the ways customers can get competitive rates on special loans for making your home more energy efficient and using less fossil fuel from EastRise and other banks in Vermont
EAN 2025 Annual Progress Report | Cara Robechek
Cara Robechek, Deputy Director and Network Manager for Energy Action Network, shares the findings in this year’s 2025 Annual Progress Report for Vermont on Energy, Affordability, and Emissions. The report provides an in-depth analysis of where Vermont stands relative to its climate commitments and energy goals. This year’s report highlights the theme of affordability.
How Can I Help?
Achieving our Net Zero Energy (NZE) goal will take all of us working to reduce our energy usage and switching from fossil fuels to renewably-sourced electricity.
Net Zero Energy FAQs
What is Net Zero Energy? What does NZE mean?
Net Zero Energy (NZE) means reducing and eventually eliminating fossil fuels. Burlington currently sources all of its electricity from renewable resources (learn where we get our energy), but ground transportation and heating generally require gasoline and natural gas, two fossil fuels. To become a NZE city, Burlington will need to eliminate fossil fuel use in the thermal and ground transportation sectors, and electrify those sectors. During our electrification process, we'll simultaneously work to reduce load through energy efficiency and grow our renewable energy portfolio.
Why is Net Zero Energy important? What are the opportunities to achieving NZE?
Transitioning away from carbon-emitting fossil fuels has many environmental, social, and economic benefits. For example, as we move away from fossil fuels, we'll reduce our City's greenhouse gas emissions that lead to climate change, improve our air quality and public health, reduce congestion, and create safer and more comfortable homes and work spaces. Furthermore, by producing or securing more and more electricity closer to home, NZE will keep more dollars local, essentially growing the local economy and generating more local jobs.
What is the Net Zero Energy Roadmap? What is it not?
Unlike a cookbook with step-by-step instructions, the Net Zero Energy Roadmap is a high-level analysis of what it will take to get to NZE by 2030. And while the Roadmap does not offer prescriptive ideas or projects on how to get to NZE, it does offer a set of strategies on how to move away from fossil fuels in the thermal and ground transportation sectors.
Will Burlington's Transition to NZE Impact BED's Rates?
Burlington Electric has not raised rates since 2009. Burlington's average residential electric rate is 15.58¢/kWh, which is 8.41% less than the Vermont average rate of 17.01¢/kWh. Thermal and ground transportation electrification offer an opportunity to reduce fossil fuel use and instead use renewable electricity to power our vehicles and heat our homes and businesses. If BED and our customers manage impacts on the grid by driving new use to off-peak periods, we can potentially put downward pressure on electric rates through strategic electrification. As Burlington advances on the Net Zero Energy path, BED would need to acquire additional amounts of renewable electricity and, eventually, invest in distribution system upgrades to poles, wires, and transformers. To minimize costs, BED will work aggressively to avoid overlap between periods of high demand (i.e. during hot summer afternoons) and high cost of electricity whenever possible. We are already working to do so through programs such as our residential EV rate and Defeat the Peak.
How will Burlington's Transition to NZE Impact my Electric Bill?
Impact on a customer's monthly electric bill depends in part on customer choice and if or how customers are able and willing to engage in NZE. For example:
- If a property owner heats with propane or oil, switching to a heat pump may result in annual energy costs that are the same or less than heating with a heat pump.
- For homes and businesses heated with natural gas, switching to a heat pump will likely raise a customer's electric bill, particularly if that heat pump also is used to provide summer cooling. For some customers, however, having the added benefit of cooling, plus the improved air quality of a heat pump, may offset higher monthly bills.
- Electric vehicles (EVs) can have a higher upfront cost, but are less expensive to maintain and operate – so can save a customer money over time. EV drivers who charge at home, during off-peak hours, pay the equivalent of about 60 cents per gallon to charge.
- Driving less, and opting for other transportation options like biking, walking, car sharing, carpooling, and public transit, can save a household transportation energy costs. (According to CarShare Vermont, it costs Vermonters over $700 a month to own a car. So, doing away with a household vehicle, and using other modes of transport, is a real cost savings.)
How Can I Help?
Whether you're a resident, business owner, someone who owns, leases or rents, there are many ways you can help with Burlington's transition to NZE, including taking advantage of BED's programs and incentives. See also our special pages with tips on saving energy:
How Can I Weigh In to Share Thoughts or Comments?
BED will be presenting the Net Zero Energy Roadmap at a City Council meeting, Burlington Electric Commission meeting, and presenting on the Roadmap at NPA meetings. Public comment during those presentations is always welcome. BED is interested in hearing from customers about the Roadmap, including how they plan to engage, and what customer constraints or challenges might hinder your involvement. By better understanding these challenges, BED will be better able to design new programs.
What about Equity? How Does the NZE Embrace Equity?
BED understands that transitioning to NZE will require input and engagement by all Burlingtonians, regardless of income, race, gender, or ethnicity. To that end, BED pledges to intentionally consider equity in creating and prioritizing programs and projects to help ensure that the NZE transition – and the technologies that will help make NZE possible -- are accessible and beneficial to all.
How is the City Leading by Example?
The City, including BED, is hard at work to lead by example. For example, BED has made changes to its procurement process to ensure it evaluates electric options for all purchases. BED already has replaced fossil fuel burning fleet vehicles with EVs, is using cold-climate heat pumps, and recently purchased two electric lawn mowers at its facility at 585 Pine Street.
The City is an active member of the 2030 District and is engaged with the energy efficiency team to identify all energy saving opportunities.
Is the NZE Roadmap the Same as our Climate Action Plan? Is It Different? If So, How?
The NZE Roadmap and Climate Action Plan (CAP) are similar but different. The Climate Action Plan uses greenhouse gas emissions as a metric. The Roadmap uses fossil fuel consumption and focuses principally on ground transportation and buildings, the two sectors most dependent on fossil fuels. CAP is about reducing emissions, and the Roadmap is about completely eliminating the consumption of fossil fuels within the City.
What Are Burlington's Biggest Challenges to Achieving Net Zero Energy?
Some of Burlington's biggest challenges include the relatively low cost of natural gas and the cost of retrofitting buildings. In order to achieve the Roadmap vision, we will need to make progress on adding cold-climate heat pumps, ground-source heat pumps, and other clean heating technologies to our buildings. While the payback on investing in a cold-climate heat pump today may be limited, some customers prefer them because they provide efficient heating and also efficient cooling. BED’s new incentive programs and other future efforts will help make these technologies more affordable. In addition to electrification, Burlington needs to see significant improvements in building efficiency. While Burlington's old buildings are historically relevant, they are not very efficient. Sufficient improvements will require going beyond traditional weatherization to engage in deep energy retrofits, which entails measures like thickening walls and roofs, and are much more expensive than weatherization. Other challenges include making electric vehicles accessible to low- and moderate-income households, and making EV charging stations accessible to renters.
What Does Beneficial or Strategic Electrification Mean?
Beneficial or strategic electrification means electrifying conscientiously and intentionally in a way that reduces fossil fuel use and manages grid impacts. The costs of meeting electricity demand are not static; during the day, when people are at work, demand for electricity is relatively low and easy to provide, but in the evening when people come home and start using all their appliances, the demand for electricity can be higher. Electrifying additional energy uses can put downward pressure on electric rates by utilizing our electric grid more effectively if we also take proactive measures to control when and how we use electricity. For example, electric vehicles and heat pump water heaters can be programmed to charge when electricity is cheap and easy to produce. Appliances like smart thermostats and motion activated lighting can prevent wasteful use of electricity.
How Will Progress Be Measured?
Starting in 2020, BED will update our annual Performance Measures Report, which is shared with our community on Town Meeting Day, to include new metrics that track our progress on fossil fuel and emissions reductions consistent with our Net Zero Energy goal.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://burlingtonelectric.com/rebates

Special Rebates for Burlington
Learn More About Our Rebate Programs
Contact the BED Energy Services team for more information about rebates and other ways to save.
For Contractors – Midstream Rebates
- High-Performance Circulator Pumps – up to $600 off at time of purchase.
- Heat Pump Heating & Cooling System – up to an additional $650 off
- Heat Pump Water Heaters purchased at HVAC Distributor – up to $800 cash back
- LEDs for Indoor Growing – up to $100 per fixture
- Pellet Stoves – up to $400 off at time of purchase Rebate and Product Information
- Wood Stoves – up to $400 off at time of purchase
For larger lighting projects, BED does custom commercial rebates. Contact the BED Energy Services team for more information.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/residential/

Ways To Save – Residential
Energy Assistance for Low-Income Residents
Our Energy Assistance Program provides a 12.5 percent discount for eligible customers, helping offset recent rate changes. BED continues to encourage our low-income customers who are enrolled in the State of Vermont Fuel Assistance Program or federal Housing Choice Voucher (Section 8) Program to apply for BED’s Energy Assistance Program.
Vermont Home Energy Profile
Homebuyers consider many factors when shopping for a home: updated kitchens, attractive floor plans, curb appeal, and size. For buyers who place a high value on energy efficiency, it can be hard to find this information. The Vermont Home Energy Profile helps solve this challenge.
The Vermont Department of Public Service has created a free and simple tool to help find all the ways to decide where to make improvements that lower energy costs and appeal to energy-conscious buyers when the time comes to sell your home.
Video: How to Create Your Profile
Residential New Construction
If you are planning to build your own home, there have been changes to Vermont’s statewide residential new construction program for 2022. These changes apply to both single-family homes and multi-family homes up to four units. These changes can be found on the Efficiency Vermont’s website.
If you’re building in the city of Burlington, there are additional requirements that are applicable to the way that you will heat your new home. Please refer to the Thermal Energy Systems Carbon Fee Ordinance for details. Also, see section below for additional Ordinance information.
Additional Resources
- Path to Net Zero Energy buildings
- Minimum Housing Code Weatherization Ordinance (effective beginning 1/1/2022)
- New Construction
- Vermont Gas Systems (VGS) Residential Energy Services
- CVOEO Champlain Valley Weatherization
- Thermal Energy Systems Carbon Fee Ordinance
- Effective 1/01/2024
- PLEASE NOTE
- The Ordinance only applies to brand new residential and commercial new construction projects but does not apply to additions, alterations, renovations or repairs to existing buildings.
- For brand new residential and commercial new construction projects, the Ordinance applies to space heating, domestic hot water, cooking and laundry appliances, process heat, or other building systems that relies on thermal energy.
- The Ordinance also applies to existing commercial buildings that are at least fifty thousand (50,000) square feet in total floor area of enclosed conditioned space, including hotels, but excepting all residential buildings. For these buildings, the Ordinance only applies to space heating and domestic hot water thermal systems.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/commercial/

Ways to Save – Commercial
The programs mentioned on this page are available to all commercial customers whether you own or lease your space.
With all of the new technologies and financial incentives available to help your electric, heating, and transportation needs, our Energy Services Team is here to answer your questions and help you understand your options.
Benchmarking
Like stepping on the scale, property owners and tenants can only control what they measure. Benchmarking is the first step in the energy management process
Build Or Renovate
Our team is here to help you with potential savings through energy efficiency and electrification strategies in your new construction or renovation project.
On-Bill Financing
On-Bill Financing loans can be structured so that the monthly energy savings are greater than the monthly loan payment, which creates a monthly positive cash flow.
WeatherizationWeatherization activities primarily focus on insulation and air sealing of the thermal envelope and can offer strong electricity and heating fuel savings. If your building feels cold in the winter, check out this list for potential causes and suggested maintenance solutions. |
Usage TrackerThe best way to start on your path to Net Zero Energy is to understand how your home is currently using electricity. Usage Tracker can show you how your usage varies from month to month, day to day, and even in 15-minute increments so you can figure out the best way to start saving. |
Heat PumpsHeat pumps provide energy-efficient heating and cooling and work well in cold climates. |
Where We Use Electricity
Steps You Can Take Today
The Burlington 2030 District Engineering Team at Cx Associates put together this great list of measures you can take to continue saving energy and money for your business.
First Steps
- Reduce plug loads! Turn-off all desk computers, printers, copiers, and other lights and small appliances not in use.
- Turn off any lights.
- Create your online BED account to better understand your usage and billing data.
- Unplug the fridge. I know the mini-fridge in our office has 2” of ice build-up, now is the perfect time to turn that thing off and let it thaw out!
- To keep your appliance sanitary, we recommend you either completely wash down the inside of the refrigerator or freezer, or place a cookie sheet of baking soda in the appliance before turning it off.
- Dial back that thermostat. We suggest a heating setpoint of 60F and a cooling setpoint of 80F.
- Close any shades or curtains. If your building has lots of south facing glass equipped with shades, it can be a good idea to close these up to reduce the heat gains from the increasingly strong spring sun. This can help reduce cooling loads in your building.
Advanced
- For partially-occupied buildings:
- Please visit the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers (ASHRAE) website for guidance and recommendations. Scroll down and click on the “Reopening” or “Buildings” tab to learn more.
- Consider starting your HVAC systems earlier and turning them off later to scrub the air more comprehensively.
- To increase the amount of fresh air moving through your building, set your thermostat to keep the fan ON (instead of AUTO).
- If you have a building automation system, please reference the ASHRAE recommendations above to increase air changes per hour.
- For completely unoccupied buildings:
- Reduce outside air ventilation rates. Since there aren’t any (or many) building occupants, your HVAC system can save a lot of energy by not bringing in as much outside air for ventilation.
- Adjust occupied mode of your equipment. This kind of goes along with the tip above, but if your Building Automation System has the capability to enter an Unoccupied mode.
- Consider adjusting your water heater tank setpoint down. If you aren’t using hot water for a while, you might consider turning the setpoint of your water heater down. This one requires a little extra care because nasty bacteria can build up if the temperature is just right. Consider turning water heaters to a minimum of 120F and flush all hot water lines with hot (>140F) water for several minutes before offices are occupied again.
Courtesy of Cx Associates
Additional Resources
- Path to Net Zero Energy buildings
- New Construction
- Minimum Housing Code Weatherization Ordinance (effective beginning 1/1/2022)
- Thermal Energy Systems Carbon Fee Ordinance
- Effective 1/01/2024
- PLEASE NOTE
- The Ordinance only applies to brand new residential and commercial new construction projects but does not apply to additions, alterations, renovations or repairs to existing buildings.
- For brand new residential and commercial new construction projects, the Ordinance applies to space heating, domestic hot water, cooking and laundry appliances, process heat, or other building systems that relies on thermal energy.
- The Ordinance also applies to existing commercial buildings that are at least fifty thousand (50,000) square feet in total floor area of enclosed conditioned space, including hotels, but excepting all residential buildings. For these buildings, the Ordinance only applies to space heating and domestic hot water thermal systems.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/heatpumps/

Heat pumps provide energy-efficient heating and cooling and work well in cold climates. Switching to electric heat pump technology will reduce your fossil fuel usage. Burlington Electric Department offers rebates of up to 75% of installed cost.
If you heat your building with natural gas – as most Burlingtonians do – you might not save money with an air-source heat pump; your electric bill could go up by more than your gas bill goes down.
Weatherize First. Field studies show that heat pumps work best in weatherized buildings. For very well-insulated and air-sealed buildings, heat pumps do not require a fossil fuel backup for operation in extremely cold outdoor temperatures. Learn more about weatherization »
VIDEO: Your Building Envelope & Heat Pump Performance »
Contact BED Energy Services to get started with free, unbiased advice. We’ll walk you through the decision-making process and help you maximize your energy investments.
Which Heat Pump is Right For Me?
Mini-Split Heat Pump
- Heats & cools specific rooms.
- Ductless. Inexpensive to install.
- Mini-splits can provide an easy-to-install heating and cooling solution for buildings without ductwork for rooms that were not previously conditioned.
- Mini-splits can be more affordable than other heat pump system types, so can serve as a more accessible way for some building owners to strategically electrify and reduce their carbon footprint.
- For cooling, a Mini-splits may cost 40% less to operate than room air conditioners of equivalent capacity.
- Some of the latest Mini-splits models can provide space heating without fossil fuel backup at very low outdoor temperatures.
- Mini-splits can last 12 – 15 years, depending on the installation location and exposure of the outdoor unit.
Centrally Ducted Heat Pump
- Replaces or augments existing gas furnace & ducts
- Can heat & cool entire home/building
Ducted heat pump systems use existing ductwork to distribute conditioned air for both heating and cooling to your entire building or home. They can also be retrofit to work with your existing furnace. Customers considering these systems should work with HVAC contractors with controls systems experience to program a Centrally Ducted Heat Pump system for effective and energy-efficient operation.
IMPORTANT: Centrally ducted heat pumps are classified as either Standard Performance Systems or High Performance Systems.
Standard Performance Systems Rebates
| Nominal Size | Your Contractor’s Point-of-Sale Discount | BED Online Rebate | BED Bonus for Qualifying Customers* |
| ≤2 ton | $1,000 | $0 | $500 |
| >2 ton to ≤4 ton | $1,500 | $0 | $500 |
| >4 ton | $2,000 | $0 | $500 |
High Performance Systems Rebates
High Performance Systems perform better at lower temperatures displacing more fossil fuel usage.
| Nominal Size | Your Contractor’s Point-of-Sale Discount | BED Online Rebate | BED Bonus for Qualifying Customers* |
| ≤2 ton | $1,000 | $1,350 | $500 |
| >2 ton to ≤4 ton | $1,500 | $3,950 | $500 |
| >4 ton | $2,000 | $5,450 | $500 |
Both the indoor and outdoor unit must appear together on the NEEP Qualified Product List to receive this higher rebate AND also be shown on your contractor’s quote or final invoice. To see if you qualify, visit the NEEP QPL and filter the results as follows:
- Ducting Configuration: “Singlezone Ducted, Centrally Ducted”
- ENERGY STAR Certified: “ENERGY STAR V6.1 Cold Climate”
- Eligible for Federal Tax Credit: “CEE Tier1 Path A (2025)”
*Qualifying customers are eligible for a rebate of $500 per condenser. See Terms & Conditions for details.
Air to Water Heat Pump
- Replaces an aging gas boiler & baseboards
- Can heat & cool entire home/building
Air to Water heat pumps work similarly to the heat pumps mentioned above but they circulate water for heating and cooling, and can provide domestic hot water. Hydronic distribution uses water as a heat transfer fluid to distribute heat.
Heat pumps can be retrofit to work with your existing boiler. Customers considering these systems should work with HVAC contractors with controls systems experience to program an Air to Water heat pump system for effective and energy-efficient operation.
Rebate: BED has increased the air to water heat pump incentives from a maximum total today of $5,000 to $12,500 to support local projects.
Ground-Source Heat Pump
Or Geothermal Heat Pump
- For new construction or extensive retrofits
- Suitable for larger/community homes, commercial buildings
Ground-source heat pumps (GSHPs), also called “geothermal” heat pumps, are a type of heat pump that exchange heat between a building and the ground or groundwater by circulating refrigerant between indoor equipment and an outdoor loop.
- Lower and more predictable annual energy bills
- Resilient and reliable comfort and efficient energy performance year-round
- Emissions-free heating and cooling for low environmental impact
- A low maintenance, long-term solution for space conditioning needs
More about Ground-Source Heat Pumps
More Solutions
Dehumidifiers
When purchasing a dehumidifier, look for the ENERGY STAR® label. Certified products remove moisture 15% more efficiently. Choose a dehumidifier on the ENERGY STAR® Most Efficient list for products offering the greatest energy efficiency to get a larger rebate and greater operating cost savings.
Window Air Conditioners
The most inexpensive method of air conditioning for homes and apartments are room air conditioners that are installed in a window frame. Window air conditioners use compressors to pump refrigerant between the evaporator and condenser to provide temperature control by cooling the air in your home.
While these can be easy fixes for uncomfortable rooms in your home or apartment, the open window is a source of air leakage and heat gain. Seal window openings with rigid panels and secure with duct tape to reduce energy losses.
If you’re making a purchase today, save money on your bill when you buy a model given the Emerging Technology Award by ENERGY STAR®. A current list of energy efficient Room Air Conditioner models available can be found on the ENERGY STAR website.
Preferred Heat Pump Installer Network
Burlington Electric Department recognizes these important partners – all members of Vermont’s Efficiency Excellence Network – for their work and ability to deliver the highest-quality heat pump services to our customers. If you would like your company to be included on our list of preferred heat pump installers, please contact Jennifer Green at 802-865-7349 or jgreen@burlingtonelectric.com.
Electric Panel Upgrades
Upgrade Now to Avoid New Fees
Replacing an electric panel requires BED to perform a disconnect/reconnect meter service. This allows your electrician to work safely. We do not currently charge for this service when done during business hours. However, starting April 1, 2026, there will be a new fee for a disconnect/reconnect. Other new, reduced, and increased fees also will take effect on April 1.
With the growing popularity of heat pumps, electric vehicles, and other electric appliances, some Burlingtonians may soon reach the limits of their current electric panel. Upgrading your panel to accommodate your current and future needs — and help the city’s Net Zero Energy goal — requires some preparation. Burlington Electric Department can help you navigate this process.
How To Begin
- Call a licensed electrician. Any work done on your electric panel must be done by a licensed electrician. Burlington Electric Department recommends our partners in Vermont’s Efficiency Excellence Network. They have the expertise to deliver the highest-quality services to our customers. Note that workforce constraints are impacting contractor availability so we recommend contacting multiple professionals to compare pricing and project timelines.
- Your electrician will contact Burlington Electric Department. Because your electric panel is inside your home (“behind the meter”), you will be responsible for hiring the electrician. You and/or your electrician will need to coordinate with BED on a few points like scheduling the disconnect/reconnect service where BED temporarily shuts off the power to your property while your electrician switches over from the old panel to the new panel. Your electrician is best qualified to speak to our team on your behalf.
- There may be a charge from BED for the upgrade. In addition to your electrician’s fees, Burlington Electric Department may need to charge for the disconnect/reconnect and for upgrades to our infrastructure to accommodate your property’s increased needs. This will be determined upon receiving and reviewing the Contractor Application submitted to BED by the electrician.
Financing
Several local credit unions are now offering exceptionally low rates on financing for panel upgrades in addition to their special rates on heat pumps and electric vehicles.
| EastRise | Green Loans Home Energy Loan |
| GMCU | BED Renewable Energy Loan |
| Vermont Federal Credit Union | Energy Efficiency Home Improvement Loan |
Weatherization Repayment Assistance Program (WRAP)
The Weatherization Repayment Assistance Program (WRAP) allows homeowners and renters to finance qualifying weatherization projects like insulation and air sealing, as well as heat pumps and advanced wood heating systems, with repayment through a monthly charge on their utility bill. Learn more.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/ev/

Take advantage of multiple rebates on new & used EVs & E-motorcycles.
Save on a new charger and energy when you charge at home.
Rebates, financing, and installation information for your home or business.
Visit a BED’s Preferred Electric Vehicle Dealership Network member.
Find any of the growing number of EV chargers in Burlington.
Go farther and faster than a conventional bike and save with our rebate.
BED Is an EVAL Platinum Certified Workplace
Burlington Electric Department walks the walk or, rather, drives the drive. Our offices have multiple chargers available to our employees and to the public. As a result, we have been designated an EVAL Platinum Certified Workplace. Organizations like ours can play a crucial role in addressing environmental issues. Because transportation generates the largest share of greenhouse gas emissions in the U.S., we are helping our employees choose cleaner transportation solutions.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://burlingtonelectric.com/solar

Solar: Frequently Asked Questions
For information about how you are billed as a solar customer, please visit our Solar Billing page.
How Does Solar Power Work?
How does a solar system generate electricity?
A solar energy system generates electricity through the use of photovoltaic (PV) technology. PV panels turn the sun’s light energy directly into electric energy. The electricity generated by a solar PV system works just like the electricity delivered by the utility. After passing through a component called an inverter, the direct current (DC) electricity generated by the solar panels is converted to alternating current (AC), the type of electricity that you access through the outlets in your home or business.
How much electricity will a solar energy system produce?
The amount of electricity generated by a PV system is dependent upon several factors, primarily system size, orientation of the system to the sun and shading issues from nearby building or trees. Typically, a fixed PV system using 100 square feet of solar panels (this consists of four to five solar panels that will generate about 1,000 watts) will produce about 1,100 kWh per year if well oriented with no seasonal shading issues.
What can affect the amount of solar energy received?
The strength of the solar energy (radiation) available depends on the time of year, the time of day, and the latitude of the generation point. The amount of energy generated can be further affected by the amount of dust and water vapor in the air, the amount of cloud cover and any shading of the solar panels, and the quality of the solar modules.
How does electricity get stored for use after the sun goes down?
Grid connect systems direct excess electricity produced during the day back into the local electricity grid. You then receive a credit for any power that your system supplied to the grid. During the night when your system does not produce electricity, you draw your power from the grid unless you have battery storage.
What happens with grid-tied systems during an outage?
The grid connect inverter will automatically shut itself off within a few milliseconds of an outage, to avoid the potential of a dangerous “brown-out” in your home and to prevent back feeding into the grid. Therefore even though you have a solar system during a blackout, you will not have power available. If you want to keep on having electricity available during a blackout then you would need to have back up batteries installed as well, which will add to the cost of the system.
What is the difference between solar power and solar hot water?
Solar panels take light from the sun and make electricity. Solar hot water systems take heat from the sun and heat water. It is easy to remember: Heat from the sun heats the water. Light from the sun turns on the lights.
Investing in Solar
How much does a solar energy system cost?
The total cost for purchasing and installing a solar energy system is based on the system size you require, and the specific details of the layout of your property. Solar energy systems can range from $3 – $7/watt ($3,000 to $7,000 per kW). However, we encourage customers to obtain three or more bids from qualified contractors before purchasing a system.
What is the likely payback on my investment?
Payback time is determined by many factors, most importantly the amount of your current electricity bill. Customers with lower bill amounts typically have a 20-plus year payback period. Customers who have larger bills may see a shorter payback period. BED’s Energy Services staff is available to work with customers to help estimate likely paybacks along with the estimated environmental benefits. How long does the system last? The lifespan of a solar photovoltaic panel is approximately 20-30 years, while the life-time of an inverter is approximately 10 years. Check with your solar installer for warranty information.
Will a solar energy system produce enough energy to handle all my electricity needs?
For the average BED residential customer, a PV system will produce 35- 50% of the customer’s annual energy needs. The proper size of the system depends on how large an investment you want to make and how much un-shaded roof or ground space are available. Including energy efficiency improvements with the PV project can help to increase the percentage of annual usage that the PV system covers. BED’s Energy Services Staff can assist you with analyzing your energy efficiency opportunities and savings.
Will I still get an electric bill?
Yes. Your grid-tied system will produce most of the electricity you use, but typically not all of it. You will have a lower Burlington Electric bill thanks to your solar array.
How am I credited for my excess generation?
When power is supplied to the main grid, the home owner receives a credit on their bill for that electricity. Visit our Solar Billing page for more details.
Getting Ready for Solar
Do I need to be connected to the grid for net metering?
Yes. To qualify for all net-metering benefits, the system needs to be connected to the utility grid. Customers must install a separate generation meter to record the kilowatt hour (kWh) output from the PV array. This requires having a licensed electrician install a separate meter channel, which the customer will be billed for. Currently, residential meters cost about $150 and commercial meters about $350. What is a grid-tied solar power system? Grid tied systems supply solar electricity through an inverter directly to the household and to the electricity grid if the system is providing more energy than the house needs at any given time.
How much roof space do I need for an installation?
For every kilowatt (1 kW = 1,000 watts) installed, a solar system takes up about 100 square feet.
How old can my roof be?
Your solar professional can provide the best guidance. We recommended that the roof be in good shape and all necessary roof replacement or repairs occur before the panels are installed.
Can I increase the size of my solar energy system at a later date?
Yes, provided you have the available roof or ground space.
How do I know if I have a good site for a solar installation?
Qualified solar professionals can tell you if your site has the proper orientation, good exposure to the sun, and an adequate amount of structural support and space for solar panels to be placed. They can also advise you on ground or pole-mounted options.
Who are qualified professionals?
There are many professionals installing net metered systems throughout Vermont. We recommend customers talk with other system owners and ask for references. For a complete list of professional contractors, customer may also want to visit the Renewable Energy Vermont.
Do you recommend installers?
Stay tuned. We are updating this portion of our site at the moment.
Who can help me obtain the necessary state approvals to connect my system to the electric grid?
Most professional net metering system installers will assist you with the application process at the Vermont Public Utility Commission. Please ensure that your installer also contacts both the City Electrical Inspector and BED to review the installation and interconnection to BED’s system. Installer information is available here.
Where do I submit my application?
Although your chosen installer will typically start the application process, the form can be found on the Vermont PUC website. If BED has any questions regarding your application, we will reach out directly.
What are the steps for getting my solar project approved?
- (Optional/Recommended) It is very beneficial to share system designs with BED to verify proper metering and interconnection before starting the interconnection process. We find that not having to change your design in the middle of the process can save time and potential costs.
- You should also review the available DG capacity using our Distributed Generation map and the BED Distributed Generation guidelines.
- With your solar design ready to go, obtain any required permits from the City of Burlington. All permitting is completed through the City of Burlington Department of Public Works (DPW).
- In addition to permitting, you need to file a Registration/Application for a Certificate of Public Good (CPG) with the State of Vermont. The Vermont Public Utility Commission offers the video “How to file a Net-Metering Registration, Application, and Petition” on this process to help you in the process. Vermont ePUC Rule 5.100 – Construction and Operation of Net Metering Systems governs the registration/application of net-metering projects.
- Per Vermont PUC Rule 5.100 (effective 3/1/2024), all net-metering systems greater than 15 kW must obtain interconnection approval from BED under Rule 5.500 prior to CPG registration. This is done by way of a PUC Rule 5.500 Interconnection Application which must be completed and sent to BED (physically or digitally) with any applicable application fees as stated in the rule.
- For systems less than or equal to 15 KW, the CPG Registration noted above constitutes an Interconnection Application and no additional applications or fees are required.
- BED is notified automatically when a CPG has been filed with the state and we will review the CPG at that time.
- With the appropriate permits in place and the CPG filed, you are ready to install the system. If you haven’t done so already, it is a good time to review the interconnection plans with BED so any required changes can be made before installation. You will also need to submit a Service Application to BED. The service application notifies BED that you will be requesting the installation of a generation meter and/or net-meter at a specific location.
- After the system is installed, schedule an inspection with the Department of Public Works electrical inspector. Generation meters are only to be provided and installed by BED. In addition, BED will not energize any system without an approved inspection from the City of Burlington electrical inspector and a permission-to-energize notice from the inspector.
Burlington Electric Department (BED) – netmetering@burlingtonelectric.com
Burlington Department of Public Works (DPW) – dpw-pinecustomerservice@burlingtonvt.gov

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://burlingtonelectric.com/my-bill

How To Pay My Bill
Sign Up For E-billing
Sign up for e-billing to receive your monthly bill by email. You will save trees, as well as printing, stuffing, and mailing costs. These savings help us keep your electric rates low.
Pay By Credit or Debit Card
When you set up your online BED account, you can pay your bill and also check your usage. If you have questions about our new online account system, visit our BED Account Frequently Asked Questions.
- We accept VISA, MasterCard, and Discover.
- Customers can also call an automated toll-free number: 1-866-665-9575.
Paying By Cash or Check
- Mail it back in the return envelope that comes with your bill.
- Bring the payment to our offices at 585 Pine Street.
- 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday, excluding holidays
- Place your payment in one of the BED drop boxes located at:
- City Hall (Church Street entrance)
- BED Office at 585 Pine Street
- Please do not place cash in any of our night drop boxes. We can’t be held responsible.
Please write your customer and location ID numbers on all checks and correspondence sent to us.
During an extended vacation, you may pay your electric bill ahead of time based on bills from past years, or you may elect to use BED’s convenient automatic debit or budget payment plans.
Budget Payment Plan (residential only)
BED’s budget payment plan allows customers who sign up to pay the same amount each month over a 12-month period. If you want to sign up for the Budget Payment Plan or have any questions please contact Customer Service at 802-865-7300.
Need Help Paying Your Bill
If there comes a time when you can’t pay all or part of your electric bill, please call our Customer Service area at 802-865-7300. We will help you make arrangements to pay your bill over time.
BED Energy Assistance Program (Residential Only)
Burlington Electric Department (BED) supports our low-income customers who need assistance through our Energy Assistance Program, which provides a 12.5 percent discount for eligible customers. BED continues to encourage low-income customers who are enrolled in the State of Vermont Fuel Assistance Program, federal Housing Choice Voucher (Section 8) Program, or 3SquaresVT to apply for BED’s Energy Assistance Program.
Further, we encourage customers to learn about opportunities to save energy and money through efficiency measures by connecting with our Energy Services team for a free consultation.
More Assistance Programs
If you ever need help paying your home heating bills during the winter, see if you qualify for fuel assistance funding. Please call one of the following numbers for more information and applications:
CVOEO
(802) 863-6248
Hours: Mon-Fri: 9am-12pm and 1pm-4pm. First-come-first-serve daily basis. Mid October to end of April
Criteria: In person unless 60 yrs+ or disabled. Have to be in Disconnect status, needs disco notice.
Salvation Army
(802) 864-6991
Hours: Mon, Wed, Thurs, Fri: 9am-12pm; Season: Year round.
Criteria: Must apply in Person.
Age Well – Agency on Aging
1 (800) 642-5119
Hours: Mon-Fri: 8:30am-4:30pm. Year round, when funds are available.
Criteria: 60+ Only. Must try CVOEO first. To avoid disconnect only.
Catholic Charities
(802) 658-6111
Hours: Mon-Fri: 9am-12pm & 1pm-5pm. First-come-first-serve monthly basis. Year round.
Criteria: Disconnect notice needed and Photo ID
Appointments are on a first come, first service basis starting with 1st of each month.
Jump – Joint Urban Ministry Project
(802) 862-4501
In person only. Thursdays and Fridays at 9am: please do not arrive before 8:45am. Please bring photo ID and updated utility bill. JUMP can provide a $75 pledge to utility bill. Services are available every 3 months for households.
Joseph’s House
(802) 951-4290 Hours: Mon-Fri: 8am-4pm. Year round.
Criteria: Appointment needed
Fuel Assistance – Economic Services Division
(800) 479-6151
Season: Up to 2 times per year
Criteria: Must qualify through application process. Applications online www.mybenefits.vt.gov or by calling.
You can also call one of the following numbers:
Department of Social Welfare: 802-863-7365
Champlain Valley Area Agency on Aging: 802-865-0360
Chittenden Community Action: 802-863-6248
Resolve Billing Problems
If you have a question about your bill, please call our customer service representatives at 802-865-7300. If we are unable to resolve your problem, you may also call the Consumer Affairs Division of the Vermont Department of Public Service at 1-800-622-4496.
Why Is My Bill So High This Month?
If your bill is fluctuating from month to month or appears to be higher than it should considering your usage, there are several things to consider.
A fluctuation in your bill may be due to a change in how you used energy in the previous month. Typically, a home is equipped with many energy-using appliances that are not always used the same amount each month. You may have had guests, which could have contributed to higher water usage (causing an electric water heater to run more), more lights being used (or being used longer), more laundry, cooking, etc.
The time of year is another possible reason for a bill fluctuation. During the summer months, appliances such as dehumidifiers, air conditioners, fans and swimming pool pumps are running. In the winter, most heating systems use electricity to circulate the heat. People spend more time indoors and use more lighting.
Generally, a meter is read every 30 days. This can vary by a few days meaning a higher or lower bill than average. It will state on your electric bill the number of days the bill covers.
If you think your bill has changed drastically and none of these factors apply, call Customer Service at 802-865-7300. One of our representatives may be able to offer an explanation, make arrangements to double-check the meter reading, or schedule a free energy audit.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/stop-or-start-service/

Start or Stop Service
Welcome to BurlingtonIf you have never had an account with Burlington Electric Department, please call our Customer Care Team. 802-865-7300 |
Returning CustomersMoving within Burlington? Returning BED customer? Customers who have had service in their name in Burlington before and don’t have an unpaid balance can use our Request Form. |
Commercial CustomersIf you would like to start new service for your business, please call our Customer Care Team. 802-865-7300 |
More Forms
Stop ServicePlease plan two weeks ahead of time to schedule a time for having your electric service disconnected or reconnected. |
LandlordsPlease fill out this form if you would like to authorize your tenant to start or stop service. |
ContractorsUse this form if you are working on new construction, upgrading service, or changing equipment. |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/interruption/

Interruption
العربية | Burmese | Français | Nepali | Af-Soomaali | Tiếng Việt
What should you do if you receive an interruption notice?
After 30 days, your account becomes overdue, and you may receive a red interruption notice indicating that your service will be shut off during a specific range of dates, unless you have paid your bill by then, or made arrangements with us to pay.
If you receive an interruption notice and are unable to pay, please call our Customer Care Team at 802.865.7300. We want to help you prevent a service interruption.
What should you do if you are unable to pay your bill?
If you are unable to pay your bill, please call our Customer Care Team at 802.865.7300.
Our Customer Care Representatives would be glad to help you set up a payment arrangement to keep your service connected.
Our Customer Care Representatives also can help you set up a budget payment plan for future bills. The budget payment plan allows customers to pay the same amount each month over a 12 month period. This plan can help our customers avoid receiving interruption notices due to the bill amount remaining the same every month.
What if I am unable to pay my heating bill during the winter?
If you need help paying your heating or electric bills during the cold winter months, you may apply for assistance from these agencies:
- Champlain Valley Office of Economic Opportunity (CVOEO)/Community Action for the WARMTH or Crisis Fuel Programs: 802.863.6248
- Age Well (for customers over 60 years of age): 802.865.0360
- Department of Social Welfare (for the Home Energy Assistance Program): 800.479.6151
When should I call the Customer Care team?
If you have questions about your bill, please call our Customer Care Representatives at 802.865.7300. We would be happy to help you with any billing questions.
Our goal is to deliver exceptional customer care. Thank you very much!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/rates/

Rates & Fees
Rates and Energy Assistance Update for Fiscal Year 2026
Four years ago, Burlington Electric Department (BED) had our first rate increase in 12 years, coming out of the pandemic. At that time, we shared with our customers that, while we likely would need more frequent rate changes going forward, we would seek to have them be more moderate than the 7.5 percent for fiscal year (FY) 2022. Over the last three years, we were able to hold the rate changes to 3.95 percent in FY23 and 5.5 percent in both FY24 and FY25. For upcoming FY26, we have proposed a 4.5 percent rate change, which took effect as a surcharge on customer bills starting in September 2025. Taken together, BED’s rate changes over the last several years still will be lower than the inflation rate and far below the national average increase for electricity prices. BED’s residential rates will remain some of the lowest in Vermont and the New England region.
BED also wants to ensure that we provide support for our income-qualified customers who need assistance. That is why we offer an Energy Assistance Program that provides a 12.5 percent discount for eligible customers. Please visit burlingtonelectric.com/help or call 802.865.7300 to learn more about the proposed rate change and how to sign up for the Energy Assistance Program.
Further, we encourage customers to learn about opportunities to save energy and money through efficiency measures by connecting with our Energy Services team for a free consultation.
2026 Energy Efficiency Charge (EEC)
2026 Energy Efficiency Charge (EEC) rates are set by the Vermont Public Utility Commission for BED. The EEC helps fund BED’s energy efficiency programs that save you money each year and help us be better environmental stewards. The 2026 EEC rates will take effect with bills dated on or after February 1, 2026.
The 2026 electric EEC rates shall be as follows for customers served by the City of Burlington Electric Department:
Rates for Customers Without Demand Charges
- Residential $0.00907/kWh
- Commercial $0.00977/kWh
Rates for Customers with Demand Charges
- Commercial demand customers $0.00590/kWh plus $1.4291/kW
- Industrial demand customers $0.005691/kWh plus $1.4630/kW
Rates for Public Street Lighting
- $0.00977/kWh times the nominal wattage of the light times 354 hours per month
Monthly Fixed Fees for Net-Metered Customers Without Production Meters
- Residential $3.80 per month
- Commercial $4.10 per month
Residential Service
Residential customer rates fall into one of two categories: standard residential service (RS), or time-of-use service (RT). Service under these rates is available to residential customers for all domestic purposes in a single-family home or apartment.
For information about net metering rates, visit our Solar Billing page or download the Net Metering tariff sheet (PDF).
Standard residential service
| $10.21 $0.134411/kWh $0.183747/kWh $0.01246/kWh 3.5% (exclusive of Initial Block of power) $0.084246/kWh |
Residential Service Tariff Sheet
Electric Vehicle Charging Stations (Customer-Owned)
Receive a monthly Electric Vehicle Charging Credit on your bill when charging exclusively during the EV Charging Hours from 10pm to 12pm (noon the following day) or other hours available under the EV Charging Options. Applicable for Residential, Small General and Large General Service with BED-approved devices. Visit the links below to find out if you are eligible and how you can join.
Electric Vehicle Charging Stations (BED-Owned)
Service under this rate is available for public use of Burlington Electric Department (BED) owned and maintained EV charging stations. View the map of charging stations.
- Customer Charge: not applicable
- Energy Charge: $.22 per kWh for all kWh consumed
- Other Fees: $1 per hour or part thereof of session length (i.e. continuous occupation of the charging station location) over 4 hours for all charging stations except those designated by BED for overnight parking.
- Energy Efficiency Charge, Taxes and Local Fees: The energy charge shown above includes 6% Vermont Sales Tax, 1% Local Option Sales Tax, and 3.5% City Franchise Fee (on amounts exclusive of the Vermont Sales Tax). In addition to the energy charge shown above, the current Energy Efficiency Charge (EEC) per kWh for the SG rate shall be added to the kWh charge.
- BED-Owned EV Charging Station Tariff Sheet
Residential Service Time-of-Use (RT)
If you are interested in this rate, we will help you determine if it is beneficial to you.
| $17.02
Summer On-Peak* Winter On-Peak* Off-Peak* $0.01246/kWh |
Residential Service Time-Of-Use Tariff Sheet
Residential Bill Example
Standard Residential Service, for 500 kWh used
The “Rate Increase” line items will be removed and become part of the standard fees upon regulatory approval.
| Customer Charge | $10.21 | |
| Initial Block | First 100 kWh x 0.134411 | $13.44 |
| Energy Charge | 310 kWh x 0.183747 | $56.96 |
| Energy Efficiency Charge | 410 kWh x .01246 | $5.11 |
| Total Cost for Electricity Used | $85.72 | |
| City Franchise Fee 3.5% *** | $2.35 | |
| Total Bill | $88.07 |
***Franchise Fee is applied to customer charge and charges for consumption over 100 kWh.
Small General Service (SG)
This rate is available to customers who do not qualify for any other rate provided in these tariffs and where energy consumption does not exceed 3,000 kWh per month (or greater than or equal to an average of 100 kWh per day) for any 3 consecutive months out of the previous 12 months. See notes 1, 2 and 3.
| $14.44 $0.194376 per kWh 6.0% $0.01107/kWh 3.5% (exclusive of Vermont Sales Tax) 1.0% |
Small General Service Tariff Sheet
Small General Service Time-of-Use (ST)
This rate applies to Small General Service customers who agree to take service for a minimum of 12 months. See notes 1, 2 and 3.
| $30.63 $0.263924 per kWh $0.268141 per kWh $0.132488 per kWh 6.0% $0.01107/kWh 3.5% (exclusive of Vermont Sales Tax) 1.0% |
Small General Service Time-Of-Use Tariff Sheet
Large General Service (LG)
Energy usage over 3,000 kWh per month for three consecutive months in the last 12 months. See notes 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
| $17.02 $51.04 $0.103236 per kWh $24.91 $0.00674/kWh + $1.5787/kW $0.006210/kWh + $1.5431/kW 6.0% 3.5% (exclusive of Vermont Sales Tax) 1.0% |
Large General Service Tariff Sheet
Large General Service Time-of-Use (LT)
Service under this rate is available by contract for 12 months. See notes 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5.
| $34.01 $54.44 $0.134022 per kWh $0.143603 per kWh $0.095046 per kWh $31.68 $31.68 $4.39 6.0% 3.5% (exclusive of Vermont Sales Tax) $0.00674/kWh + $1.5787/kW 1.0% |
Large General Service Time-Of-Use Tariff Sheet
Primary Service (PS)
Service under this rate is available by contract for 12 months for all purposes where charges are based on demand and energy metered at 4,160 or 13,800 volts. This rate requires customer ownership of the transformer. See notes 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5.
| $1,531.10 $0.118844 per kWh $0.129118 per kWh $0.083645 per kWh $31.31 $4.29 6.0% $0.00674/kWh + $1.5787/kW $0.006210/kWh + $1.5431/kW 3.5% (exclusive of Vermont Sales Tax) 1.0% |
Street Lights
For BED-owned municipal street lighting on city-accepted streets and overhead lighting illuminating private property where such lighting is not metered as a portion of the load served under another BED tariff.
Other
Time-of-Use Periods
Summer On-Peak: June 1st through September 30th, Mon-Fri, 12:01 P.M. to 6:00 P.M.
Winter On-Peak: December 1st through March 31st, Mon-Fri, 6:01 A.M. to 10:00 P.M.
Off-Peak: All non-On-Peak times, plus the months of April, May, October, and November
*Excludes New Year’s, Memorial, Independence, Labor, Thanksgiving and Christmas Days.
Notes (Commercial Only)
- The Vermont Sales Tax may vary depending on a customer’s percentage of manufacturing space. Call the State’s Business Taxes Division at (802) 828-2551 to see if you qualify for a reduced rate.
- The City of Burlington charges BED ratepayers a City Franchise Fee based on 3.5% of current charges exclusive of Vermont Sales Tax.
- If payment is not received by BED on or before the next monthly billing date, a late payment charge of 1% shall be imposed upon the past-due balance.
- LG, LT, PS and PT customers shall maintain a power factor of 90% or pay a power factor penalty. For each 1% by which the average monthly power factor lags below 90%, the demand charge for that month shall be increased by 1%.
- Demand charge is based on the greater of the current month’s demand or 50% of the highest summer month’s demand (June through September) occurring within the preceding 11 months.
Fees
New Fee Structure – April 1, 2026
On April 1, 2026, new, reduced, and increased fees will take effect. Read the full story »
- Initial Service Fee: A $30.00 fee is charged each time you start electric service at a new location. If service is requested to be started during off hours (8 p.m.-7 a.m. and all day during holidays and weekends), the fee is $195.00.
- City Franchise Fee: The City of Burlington charges BED and other utilities a Franchise Fee based on 3.5% of current charges exclusive of Vermont Sales Tax. (Nonpayment is not subject to disconnection.)
- Energy Efficiency Charge (EEC): This fee appears on your bill and funds the energy efficiency programs at BED.
- Returned Check Fee: A $10 fee is charged each time a check is returned by the bank.
- Reconnection Fee: A $20 fee is required to reconnect service at a location that has been disconnected for non-payment. If this reconnection is done during off hours, the fee is $195.
- Meter Removal/Replacement Fee: BED will remove and replace a meter channel that houses up to two meters for the purpose of installing/replacing siding for $95.00. The fee must be paid in advance of the work. Removal or replacement of a meter channel with three or more meters must be completed by a certified electrician..
- Temporary Service Fee of $535, normally for construction purposes, will be charged when temporary service of single phase, 240 volt, 100 amp characteristics or less is installed at a site. For all other temporary services, charges will be based on estimated cost.
- Collection Fee: A $20 fee will be charged when BED personnel collect funds at a customer’s service location.
- Late Payment Fee (Commercial Only): If payment is not received by BED on or before the next monthly billing date, a late payment charge of 1% will be imposed upon the past-due balance.
- Customer Assistance Call: A $28 fee will be charged whenever BED is requested to visit a customer’s service location and the problem is determined to be the customer’s responsibility. If the service call is done during off hours, the fee is $195.
Important Information
Customer Charge: This includes the monthly cost of providing an electric meter, reading and servicing the meter, producing bills, and maintaining customer records.
Demand Charge: Large users of electricity are billed for their demand (kW) for electricity along with their kilowatt-hour (kWh) consumption. The demand is the highest amount of electricity required at any one given time within a particular month. BED must have sufficient electricity and the proper equipment available (such as generating facilities, distribution lines, and transformers) to meet the customer’s maximum demand or load requirement. The demand charge is designed to cover these costs.
Residential 100 kWh Initial Block: The first 100 kWh of power each month is provided by BED at the same low rate year-round.
Repayment Agreement (Residential Only): BED’s Customer Service Department will work closely with customers to work out a reasonable repayment agreement when customers fall behind on their bills.
Budget Plan (Residential Only): BED offers a convenient 12-month budget payment plan that allows you to make your electric bill payments in 12 equal installments. Contact our Customer Service Area at 865-7300 for details.
Terms and Conditions: Commercial rates are billed monthly and are payable upon presentation of the bill.
If you have questions on your bill or a problem with your service, please call us at (802) 865-7300.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/report-a-problem/

Report A Problem
An Electrical Emergency at Home
In case of an electrical emergency in your home, call 802-865-7300 or e-mail us. A BED employee may be able to help determine or correct the electrical problem you are having. The fee for this service depends on the source of the problem and time of day.
SeeClickFix
You may also download or launch SeeClickFix to report a problem from your mobile device.
Get The App
Get The App
Note: DO NOT USE THIS FORM FOR EMERGENCIES. Reporting a problem here will send an email to Burlington Electric Department. This email might not be processed until the next business day.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/downed-power-lines/

If You Spot a Downed Power Line
العربية | Burmese | Français | Nepali | Af-Soomaali | Tiếng Việt
- Call BED at 658-0300 and the police (if necessary).
- Don’t touch downed lines or tree limbs on lines. Even the ground around a downed wire can be electrically charged and deadly.
- If you’re in a car, stay there until help arrives. If the car is on fire and you need to get out, do not touch the ground and the car at the same time—the electrical current could pass through your body and electrocute you. Jump as far from the vehicle as you can and then bunny hop or shuffle your feet until you are a safe distance from the car and wire. The key is to keep your feet as close together as possible.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/life-support-equipment/

Life Support Equipment
If anyone in your house relies on Life Support Equipment, please notify BED at (802) 865-7300 or fill out the form below.
In case of an electrical emergency in your home, call (802) 865-7300, 24 hours a day. A BED employee may be able to help determine or correct the electrical problem you are having. The fee for this service depends on the source of the problem and time of day.
Inclusion on the Life Support Equipment Listing DOES NOT keep you from being interrupted due to non-payment.
IMPORTANT: After you fill out the form, you must mail a note from your doctor on his/her letterhead stating the general need for electrical equipment within 30 days of the date of this letter to assure your placement on the notification list. Send this letter to:
Burlington Electric Department
Customer Care
585 Pine Street
Burlington, VT 05401

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/dig-safe/

Dig Safe
Federal and state laws require that utilities be notified when digging will be done in their service territory.
Dig Safe is a system that will notify the appropriate utilities with one telephone call. This system was created to promote public safety, avoid costly damage to underground equipment, and reduce cost and time of notifications.
Before you dig on public or private land, call Dig Safe Center toll free at 1-888-DIG-SAFE (344-7233) to prevent damage to telephone, gas or electric underground facilities. Vermont state law requires notification at least 48 hours before you start digging operations. In an emergency, call Dig Safe immediately.
Photo from Burlington Electric Department archives c. 1950s.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/strategic-direction/

Burlington Electric Department
2025–26 Strategic Direction
Mission
To serve the energy needs of our customers in a safe, reliable, affordable, sustainable, and socially responsible manner.
Values
Safety, Reliability, Community, Innovation
2030 Vision
Make Burlington a Net Zero Energy city by eliminating fossil fuel usage across the electric, thermal, and ground transportation sectors by strategically electrifying, managing demand, realizing efficiency gains, and expanding local renewable generation while increasing system resilience.
Strategic Objectives
Engage Customers and Community
Focus on customer first-call resolution to provide exceptional customer care
Expand education and engagement to enhance capacity-building and energy literacy with customers on our Net Zero Energy vision through all communications channels, with a focus on web and social media and video
Work with frontline communities to ensure programs and services are equitable, fully accessible, and build community resilience, so all Burlingtonians including people whose primary language is not English and low-to-moderate income, rental, Black, Indigenous, and People of Color (BIPOC), immigrant, and refugee populations can benefit from Net Zero Energy initiatives
Evolve traditional energy efficiency programs to complement strategic electrification efforts, drive deeper greenhouse gas emissions reductions, fill gaps due to federal program changes, help manage peak demand, and improve community resilience and environmental health
Proactively seek customer input, with the help of existing and strategic community partners, and incorporate their input into program design
Provide website and other educational tools so that customers can evaluate both cost and greenhouse gas emission reduction outcomes from heat pumps, electric vehicles, and other electrification technologies relative to current fuel sources
Strengthen Reliability
Maintain five-year Distribution System and Generation construction plans to accommodate potential load increases due to the Net Zero Energy goals, and design and construct projects to continue to improve safety, reliability, and efficiency
Continue to follow maintenance plans for McNeil Generating Station, Winooski One Hydro, Gas Turbine, and the Distribution System
Take steps to ensure reliable operations through staff succession planning
Ensure consistent fuel supply availability at McNeil based on annual operational strategy and procurement procedures
Implement Outage Management System (OMS) and grid analytics to improve response to system outages, system reliability, and efficiency
Invest in Our People, Processes, and Technology
Attract, develop, and retain a diverse workforce with the knowledge, skills, and ability to support BED’s Net Zero vision and strategic objectives
Develop a culture of integrity, safety, inclusion, innovation, teamwork, cyber-awareness and continuous learning and improvement
Continually improve internal processes to design and deliver innovative programs and services, maximize operational efficiency and effectiveness, and optimize use of data to inform decision-making
Plan and invest in the technology infrastructure necessary to support BED’s mission, vision, and strategic priorities, including multi-year replacement of core business systems
Lead by example in reducing vehicle miles traveled through remote work flexibility, support for multi-modal transportation and carsharing partners, and supporting bicycling (both conventional and e-bikes) through employee programs
Innovate to Reach Net Zero Energy
Advance district energy, networked geothermal, battery storage projects, and local renewable energy production including customer-owned and community-based projects
Improve and expand automated demand response capability, with focus on EV charging and thermal, and implement appropriate end-use technologies to manage loads
Advance additional dynamic and creative rates to achieve Net Zero Energy goal
Continue to track and report to the community on progress toward the Net Zero Energy Roadmap goal
Provide clean and affordable transportation fuel through renewable electricity, and invest in and encourage use of the necessary infrastructure to serve customers across all modes of transportation, including electric bikes, electric vehicles, and electric transit buses, and ensure charging infrastructure is available for all Burlingtonians, including in locations near affordable and rental housing, frontline communities, and small businesses in under-resourced areas
Actively participate in City policy processes aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the ground transportation and building sectors
Build and maximize use of partnerships that provide unique value, broaden engagement, and offer opportunities to make progress toward Net Zero Energy at a more rapid pace and greater scale
Maintain and invest in quality facilities and use them to pilot and showcase new technologies that advance Net Zero Energy
Manage Budget and Risks Responsibly
Create financially responsible and sustainable budgets that promote affordability, target investment in vulnerable communities, and protect against cost burdens for low-income customers and that balance the need for stable rates, investment in core infrastructure, and strong credit rating factors
Develop and maintain a sustainable debt financing plan for Net Zero Energy to support electrification while mitigating upward rate pressure
Strengthen internal policies and procedures to ensure timely and diligent compliance with risk, safety, financial, environmental, and other legal and regulatory standards
Efficiently and effectively manage procurement of goods and services
Strengthen cybersecurity by investing in advanced technologies, improving threat response processes, and providing continuous staff training to protect our infrastructure and customer data

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.burlingtonelectric.com/our-energy/

Where We Get Our Energy
BED-Owned Generation Facilities
McNeil Generating StationA 50 MW wood-burning facility located in Burlington’s Intervale. |
Winooski One Hydro PlantA 7.4 MW Hydroelectric generating station located on the Winooski River. |
Solar PowerOutput from 0.6 MW of solar projects in Burlington including Burlington International Airport and 585 Pine Street. |
Gas Turbine
Our 22 MW gas turbine, which operates relatively few hours a year, is not used to meet our customer load needs. Rather it runs mainly when called on by ISO New England due to very high prices or for grid reliability. The gas turbine currently runs on B20 which is a blend of 20% biodiesel/80% oil. In 2025, BED tested operating the unit on R99 (99% renewable diesel) and hopes to convert to that fuel in 2026.
Hydro Power Contracts
Great River Hydro
Great River Hydro is a 7.5 MW unit-contingent contract from January 2018 through December 2024 from hydro facilities on the Connecticut River. BED is entitled to power from 7am to 11pm daily.
NYPA (New York Power Authority)
NYPA provides power from hydroelectric stations on the Niagara and St. Lawrence rivers. The energy BED receives is based on an entitlement of 2.558 MW of power from the Niagara Project and 0.059 MW of power from the St. Lawrence Project (2.617 MW in total).
Hydro-Québec
BED has a long-term contract to buy 5 MW through October 2020, 9 MW from November 2020 to October 2035, and 4 MW from November 2035 to October 2038 from Hydro-Québec. BED is entitled to power from 7am to 11pm daily.
FirstLight
BED’s contract with FirstLight is a unit-contingent contract from July 2024 through December 2025, providing energy from the Shepaug hydro facility in Connecticut. BED is entitled to 35% of power from 7am to 11pm daily.
Wind Power Contracts
Sheffield Wind
Sheffield is a 40 MW wind farm located in Sheffield, Vermont. BED is entitled to 40% of the output (16 MW).
Georgia Mountain Community Wind
GMCW is a 10 MW wind farm located in Georgia, Vermont. BED is entitled to 100% of the output.
Hancock Wind
BED is entitled to 13.5 MW of energy and capacity from the output of the Hancock Wind facility in Hancock County, Maine.
Solar Power Contracts
South Forty Solar
South Forty Solar is an 2.5 MW solar array located in northern Burlington. BED purchases all of the energy from this facility under long-term contract.
Multiple Smaller Rooftop Arrays in Burlington
BED purchases energy from multiple smaller rooftop arrays in Burlington under contracts ranging from 5-20 years. In aggregate, these 4 contracts represent 414 kW of solar capacity.
Additional Purchases
Distributed Generation
BED supports 5 MW of distributed generation from customer-owned solar and wind. Read more about distributed generation.
Short-Term Purchases
After the power received from the above resources is accounted for, BED may make short-term purchases from a number of counterparties. BED will seek providers of renewable energy for any short-term contracts.
ISO-NE Exchange
Differences between sources available and load are settled by ISO-NE and show up as a net exchange. Positive values represent net purchases of energy; negative values represent sales of excess power across the specified period, though hourly values may vary according to resource output and load.
Our Energy Portfolio
Learn more about which resources provided BED’s energy supply and how BED uses sales and purchases of Renewable Energy Credits (RECs) to mitigate costs to ratepayers while demonstrating that the energy used by its customers is renewable.
Our Energy Portfolio

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------