ROOT: https://ccrenew.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:54:26.575240Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://ccrenew.com/

Powering a sustainable future, one project at a time
Cypress Creek Renewables is committed to making the world cleaner and healthier. From development to operation, we create and operate valuable solar and storage projects that benefit communities for decades.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/landowners/

Landowners
Our landowner partnerships are central to everything we do at Cypress Creek. Without these relationships, our projects could not exist.
Our Commitment to Landowner Partners
At Cypress Creek, we prioritize the needs of our landowner partners. From the first conversation about their land’s potential for solar or energy storage development, to the execution of a lease agreement or purchase option, to our ongoing coordination during construction and operation, we are committed to fostering a trusting and open relationship with our landowner partners.
Our lease or purchase option agreements provide opportunities for families to create added value from their land assets on their own terms and for their own reasons, whether to meet personal financial goals, ensure the preservation of their land for future generations in their family, or contribute to the economic benefits in their community. We work closely with our landowner partners to ensure that contractual terms in our agreements exemplify this understanding and our commitment to help achieve their goals.
Whatever our partners’ needs, Cypress Creek strives to support them. Landowner partnerships are the backbone of our development and are vital to our clean-energy future.
Contact Us
Interested in becoming one of our landowner partners? Fill out the form below and let us know a little about you and your land.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/what-we-do/

Powering a sustainable future
We leverage Cypress Creek’s scale to take projects from an idea to steel in the ground, providing clean, low cost, reliable power to our customers. As a renewables developer and independent power producer, we develop, finance, own, and operate solar and storage assets across the country. We also provide O&M services to third-party solar and storage owners.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/utility-scale-solar/

Utility-Scale Solar
Solar power is a renewable resource, relying on the consistent power of the sun rather than fuel sources that are depleted over time. Unlike fossil fuels, solar power has no air emissions and is universally available, bolstering America’s energy security and resiliency while contributing to a cleaner, more sustainable future.
Utility-scale solar refers to solar power plants that generate electricity for the grid. Unlike residential solar systems, which are designed to meet the energy needs of individual homes, utility-scale projects produce electricity on a much larger scale, generating megawatts (MW) or even gigawatts (GW) of power. Projects of this size are capable of powering thousands of homes.
The electricity generated by utility-scale solar plants is fed directly into the power grid. This integration helps meet the energy demands of local families, businesses, towns and cities, and contributes to a more stable, secure, and diverse energy mix.
Today, Cypress Creek’s internally owned fleet of projects adds enough electricity to the grid to power more than 410,000 homes and businesses each year.
Why Utility-Scale Solar?
Environmental Impact
Solar projects produce electricity without emitting greenhouse gases or any other air emissions while reducing water use when compared to traditional power plants. Further, eliminating reliance on any foreign fuel supply reduces transportation sector emissions.
Economic Growth
Our projects stimulate local economies by offering new tax revenue, business opportunities, and local investment. Lease payments to landowners can also provide important sources of income to supplement traditional farming in rural areas.
Energy Independence
By generating clean energy locally, solar reduces our dependence on external energy sources, including imported fossil fuels, and strengthens our country’s energy security, and local grid resiliency.
Featured projects
Take a look at just a few of the more than 850 utility-scale solar projects developed by our experienced team.
Zier Solar Brackettville, TX
Zier Solar is located in Brackettville, Texas. The 208MW solar project produces enough electricity to power 41,600 Texas homes. The site is also home to a 40MW battery energy storage system which helps to stabilize the Texas grid.
Innovative Solar 46 Cumberland County, NC
Innovative Solar 46 is located in Cumberland County, North Carolina, and when it was completed in 2017 was one of the largest solar farms east of the Mississippi River, with 100MW of capacity.
Baker Point Solar Frederick County, MD
Located in Frederick County, Maryland, Baker Point Solar was the first to meet the state’s pollinator-friendly standard. The facility also provided important revenue to support the landowner’s continued farming business growing crops like soybeans, corn and rye as well as raising cattle.
Solar Energy Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
What is solar energy?
Solar energy, or solar power, is energy from the sun that is converted into thermal or electrical energy for domestic, commercial, or industrial purposes. There are several ways to harness solar energy. Cypress Creek uses photovoltaic (PV) panels which generate electricity from sunlight by using semiconductor materials. Solar energy that is generated is typically measured in megawatts (MW).
What is a utility-scale solar facility, sometimes known as a “solar farm” or “transmission-scale solar”?
Utility-scale, or transmission-scale, solar facilities are larger projects that sell electricity to wholesale utility buyers, rather than end-use customers. Utility-scale solar facilities provide cheap, emission-free electricity during peak demand periods, and many of these facilities include energy storage.
These types of projects typically include ground-mounted photovoltaic PV solar panels, inverters to transform the direct current (DC) electricity produced from the panels to alternating current (AC) electricity that can be transported onto the electrical grid, and transformers that step up or step down the voltage rating needed by the transmission equipment. Projects can range in size from tens to thousands of acres.
How do solar photovoltaic (PV) panels work?
Photovoltaic (PV) panels generate electricity directly from sunlight using semiconductors. Electrons in these materials are freed by solar energy and can be induced to travel through an electrical circuit, powering electrical devices or sending electricity to the grid.
PV technology can be used to power anything from small electronics such as calculators and road signs to homes and large commercial businesses.
What experience does Cypress Creek Renewables have developing, operating, and maintaining solar facilities?
Cypress Creek Renewables has developed, financed, operated, and owned solar projects for over a decade. Our operations and maintenance business, Cypress Creek Solutions, division operates approximately 5GW across 24 states and maintains our own solar facilities as well as other customers who choose to partner with us. Our company has over 400 employees located across the United States.
Is solar energy safe?
Solar energy is one of the safest ways to generate electricity. Solar panels are emission–free, operate quietly, and have a negligible impact on soil and water, if any. Additionally, all large-scale electric generation sites, including utility-scale solar facilities, must follow strict local, state, and federal regulations.
How long does it take to develop and construct a solar facility? How long does a solar facility last?
Developing a solar facility takes about 4 to 6 years, but development timelines vary depending on the project’s size and location. The development process typically includes siting (selecting the solar facility’s location), permitting and environmental review, community engagement, construction, commercial operation, and on-going maintenance.
Most solar facilities are designed to operate for about 30-35 years. Some may even keep generating electricity longer than that, depending on various factors like maintenance and technological updates.
Do solar facilities benefit communities where they are located?
Solar energy projects stimulate economic growth, especially in rural areas. Projects contribute to state and local revenues, supporting essential public services and infrastructure improvements at no extra cost to the community. Building a solar facility creates many temporary jobs, and once the facility is operational, it needs people for ongoing maintenance and operations.
Solar projects have a positive economic impact on the communities where they are located. This includes payments to farmers who host solar panels on their land, providing them with a reliable income. This often helps maintain the agricultural nature of the community and supports its traditional lifestyles.
Is solar energy compatible with agriculture?
Yes, solar facilities have a low impact and can coexist safely with neighboring agricultural properties. Cypress Creek Renewables installs panels on driven metal pilings, allowing the land to rest and rebuild during operation. At the end of the solar facility’s useful life, the pilings are removed, and the land can be returned to its original state.
What other benefits does solar energy provide?
Having a solar facility nearby can help reduce electricity costs for everyone in the area. By adding cheaper renewable energy to the grid, there’s less need for more expensive fossil fuel power.
Solar energy cuts down on greenhouse gas emissions and reduces air pollution, which is important for protecting wildlife, people, and ecosystems.
What happens at the end of the solar facility’s useful life?
At the end of a solar project’s economic life, the owner must decide whether to apply for a new permit to keep the project running or to shut it down completely and start the decommissioning process.
If it is determined that the site will not be repowered, the project is decommissioned in accordance with landowner preferences and federal, state, and local regulations. Typically, PV panels or modules are collected for recycling, Additionally, inverters are collected for refurbishing and other hardware is salvaged for re-use. The land can then be returned to agriculture or other uses, depending on the wants and needs of the landowner.
Where do Cypress Creek’s solar panels come from, and how are they recycled?
Our solar modules (interconnected solar panels) come from various places depending on the market and commitments made at the time of development. Cypress Creek is firmly committed to creating and maintaining an ethical supply chain and continues to work with our industry partners to live up to our shared values. Current U.S. incentives have increased the availability and feasibility of domestically produced modules.
Most solar panels in the U.S. are designed to last over 30 years. Because of this long lifespan, there aren’t many panels needing recycling right now. However, as more panels age and reach the end of their useful lives, recycling opportunities are expected to grow. Cypress Creek is currently recycling panels and other materials to the greatest extent feasible and practical.
Learn more about energy storage
Co-located and standalone energy storage systems are helping stabilize and strengthen America’s energy grid.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/energy-storage/

Energy Storage
Increasing grid stability by providing on-demand energy capacity at times of high demand and other technical support for the transmission system.
Energy storage systems store electricity at times of low demand and provide it back to the grid when needed. These systems play a crucial role in stabilizing the power grid, integrating renewable energy sources, and ensuring a reliable and efficient electricity supply.
Energy storage systems have substantial storage capacities, ranging from several megawatt-hours (MWh) to gigawatt-hours (GWh) – enough energy to power hundreds to hundreds of thousands of homes and businesses.
Energy storage systems are connected to the power grid so the electricity they store can provide backup power during an outage. Storing energy in this way can also regulate the supply and demand of the grid by charging the systems during periods of low demand and discharging during peak demand. Energy storage systems also provide ancillary services to the utility grid to support resilience and efficiency.
Why Energy Storage?
Storage systems are transforming the energy landscape by enhancing grid reliability and providing economic and environmental benefits. These systems play an increasingly vital role in the transition to a sustainable and resilient energy future.
Enhanced Grid Reliability
Energy storage systems can provide instant power, on demand, allowing them to respond quickly to the needs of the energy grid by absorbing excess energy produced or providing additional power, improving grid reliability and reducing the risk of outages.
Renewable Energy Integration
Energy storage systems enable the effective use of renewable energy by smoothing out the intermittency of renewables and ensuring a steady supply of clean energy to power homes and businesses in our communities.
Cost Savings
By shifting energy supply to match demand more efficiently, energy storage can lower overall electricity costs while potentially helping defer or avoid costly infrastructure upgrades.
Featured Projects
Brazos Bend
Brazos Bend is Cypress Creek’s first standalone storage site. Located outside of Houston, Texas, the 100MW system can power about 25,000 Texas homes for one hour.
Zier
Our Zier Solar and Storage site in Kinney County, Texas features a co-located 80MWh energy storage system which is helping to stabilize the Texas grid.
Energy Storage Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
What is battery energy storage and how does it work?
Much like a cell phone or laptop battery delivers power when other sources are unavailable, battery energy storage systems harness the same type of technology but on a greater scale. Rows of small lithium-ion batteries are placed into larger modules which are then stacked inside larger container units and connected to the existing electric grid. Once operational, the battery energy storage system charges during times of energy abundance, stores power, and then releases it back into the electric grid during times of high demand, helping to ensure that power is available when it is needed most.
Why do we need battery energy storage?
Battery energy storage systems are crucial for managing energy by storing it for use during high-demand periods, which is especially valuable when renewable sources like wind and solar are not generating electricity. These systems significantly enhance the stability and reliability of the electric grid.
What do battery energy storage systems look like?
Battery energy storage systems resemble shipping containers. These systems, composed of multiple batteries, often feature vegetative screening, using plants, trees, or shrubs to blend into the surrounding landscape and minimize visual impact.
Do battery energy storage systems make noise?
The batteries themselves are quiet, but some auxiliary equipment may produce noise comparable to that of a large home’s air conditioner. All battery energy storage sites are regulated to comply with local noise ordinances, and landscaping or setbacks (the distance between the equipment and other areas of importance) are often used to minimize any potential visual and sound impact.
What are the benefits of battery energy storage?
Battery energy storage systems play a vital role in providing reliability and resilience during power outages, keeping electric rates low for consumers, and ensuring environmental sustainability.
During power outages and emergencies, battery energy storage systems can provide crucial backup power. This ensures essential services remain operational and mitigates the effects of grid disruptions. They are particularly valuable in areas prone to natural disasters or in remote locations where maintaining a reliable power supply is critical.
Battery energy storage systems can also be used to offset the need for traditional and costly investments in grid infrastructure. Utilities can use battery energy storage to increase capacity for new, clean energy deployment, allowing more customers to realize the financial benefits of cheap power. Battery storage allows clean energy to be stored and used around the clock, reducing reliance on fossil fuels and other resources with emissions that can impact air quality.
Are battery energy storage systems safe?
Battery energy storage systems adhere to strict federal, state, and local safety standards, and incidents are extremely rare. Our developers work closely with local fire departments and first responders to ensure they have the necessary training and equipment to manage any potential incidents. Additionally, these systems do not produce air or water pollution, offering significant benefits to the electric grid while protecting the environment, health, and safety of nearby communities.
What fire safety protocols are in place for battery energy storage systems?
To minimize fire risks, each system is equipped with automatic fire suppression equipment and dedicated cooling systems to maintain ideal operating temperatures. Developers also collaborate with local fire departments and emergency responders to provide the necessary training and equipment to address any potential safety issues.
How are battery energy storage systems maintained?
Battery energy storage systems require minimal maintenance as they have no moving parts. They are equipped with advanced safety technology and are monitored remotely around the clock. Each battery system includes alerts for any operational deviations, enabling a prompt intervention to address potential issues. Periodic on-site maintenance involves routine testing to ensure all equipment operates safely and efficiently.
What happens at the end of a battery energy storage facility’s life?
Battery energy storage facilities usually operate for 20-30 years, though this can be extended by upgrading equipment. At the end of their useful life, all associated equipment and materials are removed, and the land is restored.
Learn more about solar energy
Solar energy is bolstering America’s energy security while contributing to a cleaner, more sustainable future.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/commercial-capabilities/

Commercial Capabilities
Cypress Creek Renewables has built a top-notch commercial team to address the growing customer needs in the renewables space. We are actively engaged with our projects at nearly every stage of their life from inception, through development, and beyond commercial operations date.
Cypress Creek has an experienced Commercial Team that covers an extensive regional customer base.
Our Experience
Our team manages activity on all three major transmission grids. This work extends across 18 states, 33 utility zones, and 8 Regional electricity Transmission Organization (RTOs) or Independent System Operators (ISOs) and balancing authorities.
The Cypress Creek Commercial Team expertly manages customer relationships with utilities, municipalities, corporates, and wholesale market participants.
Long-term Offtake
What We Do
Our team is experienced with three main offtake structures for our projects:
Corporate PPAs – We support the climate goals of corporate energy buyers by offering long-term PPAs in nearly every major power market nationwide.
Utility PPAs – In regulated markets we work with utility partners to supply reliable renewable energy to their customers.
Structured Hedges – We utilize partnerships with other wholesale commodity market participants to structure hedge solutions that effectively manage risk and revenue profiles.
Portfolio Optimization
Our team focuses on:
Commodity Risk Management – Our Revenue Team manages commodity risk in critical energy markets: Power, RECs, Capacity, and Ancillary Services. We partner with our Fleet team to ensure reliable operations and risk management, while optimizing revenue opportunities.
REC Supply – Our portfolio generates Renewable Energy Credits (RECs), some of which are uncontracted and sold in bilateral REC markets with dozens of market participants and end-users.
Re-Contracting – Our team negotiates offtake and supply agreements from our fleet of existing assets.
Customer Solutions
We strive to be on the cutting edge of product offerings for all our customers in rapidly evolving markets.
Structured Products – Utilizing our storage portfolio we are able to offer firm products to pair with renewable supply.
Regulated and State Programs – Cypress Creek is active in many state-run renewable procurements.
Storage – Battery storage is a critical piece of our portfolio. We offer products to customers that balance intermittent renewables with firm supply.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/operations-and-maintenance/

Operations & Maintenance
Sites don’t just run on irradiance, they run on parts, people, and experience.
Cypress Creek Solutions offers a suite of Operations and Maintenance (O&M) services for solar and storage assets. Our comprehensive and targeted solutions focus on solving industry challenges and maximizing asset production.
Every asset is different. Our experienced team is capable of tailoring our solutions to meet the unique needs of your portfolio. We leverage our extensive experience as owners to proactively identify and mitigate issues before they become impactful to uptime and production. With a focus on long-term asset optimization and exceptional customer support, we are committed to delivering unparalleled value to our clients.
Safety First, Performance Always: Our unwavering commitment to safety is paramount. Industry-leading safety protocols are at the core of everything we do. Our process-driven approach ensures every action, from meticulous inspections that identify potential issues early on to corrective maintenance remedy, is safely completed by our skilled technicians.
Expert Solar Solutions Delivered
Owner-Driven Expertise
Partner with an entity that thinks like you do. Leverage our proven experience as an Independent Power Producer (IPP) and long-term owner/operator.
Exceptional O&M Solutions
Tailored solutions and unmatched support with a continual focus on reliable, consistent production and uptime, from blue skies to extreme weather.
A Culture of Problem-Solving
Our experienced teams, empowered by a culture of ownership, problem-solving, and action identify and mitigate risks proactively even in challenging conditions.
Dedicated Customer Support
Exceptional customer support and an unwavering commitment to your success.
Tailored O&M Solutions
Comprehensive Solutions
Experience the difference: Comprehensive O&M Solutions for every site.
Targeted Solutions
Tailored expertise: Targeted Solutions for every need, from QA/QC, Array Services and Inverter Services to Module Washing and Vegetation.
Delivering Results from Coast to Coast
Across the country we provide ongoing, superior operations for sites of all sizes, from Distributed Generation to utility-scale transmission solar and storage sites.
Zier Solar
208MW and 80MWh storage
Brackettville, Texas
Shoe Creek Solar
91MW
Laurinburg, North Carolina
Brazos Bend
100MW storage
Rosenberg, Texas
Baker Point Solar
11MW
Thurmont, Maryland
Innovative Solar 46
100MW
Hope Mills, North Carolina
Saluda 1 Solar
10MW
Saluda, South Carolina
Proven Ability to Execute
500+
operated solar and storage sites.
4.8
gigawatts under Comprehensive O&M contracts.
5.5
gigawatts of Targeted Solutions under contract.
24/7/365
service from our state-of-the-art Operations Control Center in Durham, North Carolina.
0.12
total recordable incident rate (TRIR) 2020-2024
23
states with operated projects from coast-to-coast.
FAQ
What are the benefits of a full-service, Comprehensive O&M plan?
Comprehensive O&M plans offer several benefits including:
- Maximized performance: Regular maintenance and monitoring ensure sites operate at peak efficiency.
- Minimized downtime: Prompt repairs and proactive maintenance prevent unexpected issues.
- Extended Lifespan: Proper care extends the lifespan of equipment.
What O&M plans and services do you offer?
Comprehensive Plans: This approach provides end-to-end O&M services including preventive maintenance, performance monitoring, and repairs. A dedicated team manages your sites for optimal performance and longevity.
Targeted Solutions are specialized solutions to address specific needs. Think of them as precision care for optimizing areas of performance, such as QA/QC for in-depth inspections or Module Washing to maximize production and more.
How do Targeted Solutions compare to a Comprehensive O&M plan?
Targeted Solutions are designed to complement existing plans. They allow you to address specific areas, like deeper equipment checks (QA/QC) or maximizing panel output (Array Services), without overhauling your entire plan. Think of them as precision care for optimizing site performance.
How do I choose the right O&M plan?
Our team can help! Contact us for a consultation. We’ll discuss your portfolio needs, and budget. We can then recommend the most suitable O&M plan, be it a Comprehensive plan or a combination of Targeted Solutions.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/how-we-work/

How We Work
Each project we develop is unique, but all follow a basic process and thoughtful approach, utilizing our extensive development and valuable operations experience to bring a new solar or energy storage facility to life.
Cypress Creek Renewables is a mission-driven integrated solar and storage developer and independent power producer. We take projects from greenfield all the way through to operation and have commercialized more than 850 projects in 22 states across the country.
We use our experience managing and operating projects to develop the best solar and storage projects benefiting the environment, local economies, and the strength and security of the electric grid.
How a solar or storage project goes from inception to operation
The development process
Every project we develop is a little different, but they all follow the same basic steps to become a valuable asset to communities, energy offtakers, and the nation’s electricity grid.
Our team uses county parcel, GIS and other data to identify the best locations to develop a project.
Factors the team considers during this process include:
- Demand for energy as a result of a retiring fossil fuel plant, commercial or residential load growth, or other grid or customer needs.
- The availability of buildable land.
- Protected wetlands on the site or other environmental concerns.
- Feasibility of an economical connection to the local utility grid.
- Availability of local zoning and permitting support.
- State and federal policies.
Our team signs a lease or purchase agreement with one or more landowners and can start developing the project.
Before we can start building, we take great care to make sure the site we have chosen is the right one.
Our process includes:
- Performing our environmental due diligence through a series of studies that look for any impact to wetlands, endangered species, or cultural resources, compliance with ASTM standards, and more.
- Securing any necessary permits from agencies including the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, historical preservation offices, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
- Researching the property to find any title issues or mineral rights owners.
- Surveying the land to establish accurate property boundaries and easement locations.
- Conducting an interconnection study to determine the feasibility and cost of connecting to the electric grid.
- Working through local land use and zoning changes needed before the project can be built.
- Creating the initial site layout.
During diligence we engage with the community and work to establish sustainable relationships with our community partners.
We call this our Good Neighbor Commitment, which focuses on four key areas: Environmental Sustainability, Workforce Development and STEM Education, Economic Development and Community Investment, and Veterans Initiatives.
Learn more about Cypress Creek in communities.
At this stage we make major commercial commitments that include signing power purchase and interconnection agreements.
We also refine our site plan, based on community input and what we have learned during the due diligence phase.
Learn more about our commercial capabilities.
After completing the due diligence process, our team gets to work preparing to build the best version of the project.
About our Engineering, Procurement and Construction Management (EPCM) Team
Empowering a sustainable future through excellence in engineering, procurement, preconstruction, and construction, the EPCM teams’ mission is to deliver high-quality solar and battery storage projects that drive clean energy advancements. From initial development to seamless handoff to our operations and maintenance team, we are committed to innovation, quality, safety, and collaboration. By integrating expertise and best practices, we aim to bring impactful renewable energy solutions to life, empowering communities and contributing to a greener, resilient future.
Our Supply Chain Commitment:
Cypress Creek Renewables is committed to the principles and the internationally recognized standards set forth by the United Nations Global Compact Principles, the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and the International Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.
We require all entities in the Cypress Creek Renewables organization and all employees, partners, and suppliers to uphold these commitments, and implement appropriate human rights protections in their own operations.
Cypress Creek also enforces thorough supply chain traceability protocols, coupled with a strong Approved Vendor Process and contractual protections in our agreements to ensure there is no use of forced labor in our supply chain.
Carefully chosen contractors handle the construction, managed by our in-house project execution team.
How we choose our team
Our team members and partners are selected based on a commitment to technical excellence, integrity, and a shared vision for advancing clean energy solutions. We prioritize skills in innovative engineering, efficient procurement strategies, and quality and safety driven construction to ensure successful project execution. Our criteria for selecting Engineering, Procurement, and Construction (EPC) partners include demonstrated expertise in solar and battery storage technologies, a proven track record in project management, and a dedication to safety, compliance, and sustainability. We seek partners who are not only technically proficient but are also aligned with our mission to deliver reliable, cost-effective solar and battery energy power solutions that exceed customer expectations and contribute to a sustainable future.
Once complete, the project is connected to the grid and starts producing or storing the energy needed for homes and businesses.
Our wholly owned subsidiary, Cypress Creek Solutions, handles all O&M needs for the life of the project.
Our O&M team of 150+ operates more than 500 projects for our customers and in our internal fleet across 23 states.
The Cypress Creek Renewables Fleet of owned and operated projects produces enough energy to power more than 415,000 American homes and businesses.
Learn more about Cypress Creek Solutions.
At the end of its planned service, about 40 years for solar projects and 20 years for storage, we will decommission it.
Cypress Creek takes care of all decommissioning requirements, recycling reusable materials, clearing the land of equipment, and returning the soil to a state that supports its former use, if that is what the landowner prefers.
Research
Market and site identification
Our team uses county parcel, GIS and other data to identify the best locations to develop a project.
Factors the team considers during this process include:
- Demand for energy as a result of a retiring fossil fuel plant, commercial or residential load growth, or other grid or customer needs.
- The availability of buildable land.
- Protected wetlands on the site or other environmental concerns.
- Feasibility of an economical connection to the local utility grid.
- Availability of local zoning and permitting support.
- State and federal policies.
Land Acquisition
Signing a site
Our team signs a lease or purchase agreement with one or more landowners and can start developing the project.
Due Diligence and Zoning
Ensuring the site is right
Before we can start building, we take great care to make sure the site we have chosen is the right one.
Our process includes:
- Performing our environmental due diligence through a series of studies that look for any impact to wetlands, endangered species, or cultural resources, compliance with ASTM standards, and more.
- Securing any necessary permits from agencies including the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, historical preservation offices, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
- Researching the property to find any title issues or mineral rights owners.
- Surveying the land to establish accurate property boundaries and easement locations.
- Conducting an interconnection study to determine the feasibility and cost of connecting to the electric grid.
- Working through local land use and zoning changes needed before the project can be built.
- Creating the initial site layout.
Community Engagement
Our Good Neighbor Commitment
During diligence we engage with the community and work to establish sustainable relationships with our community partners.
We call this our Good Neighbor Commitment, which focuses on four key areas: Environmental Sustainability, Workforce Development and STEM Education, Economic Development and Community Investment, and Veterans Initiatives.
Learn more about Cypress Creek in communities.
Major Commitments
Signing necessary agreements
At this stage we make major commercial commitments that include signing power purchase and interconnection agreements.
We also refine our site plan, based on community input and what we have learned during the due diligence phase.
Learn more about our commercial capabilities.
Financing, Final Engineering, and Procurement
Building the best project possible
After completing the due diligence process, our team gets to work preparing to build the best version of the project.
About our Engineering, Procurement and Construction Management (EPCM) Team
Empowering a sustainable future through excellence in engineering, procurement, preconstruction, and construction, the EPCM teams’ mission is to deliver high-quality solar and battery storage projects that drive clean energy advancements. From initial development to seamless handoff to our operations and maintenance team, we are committed to innovation, quality, safety, and collaboration. By integrating expertise and best practices, we aim to bring impactful renewable energy solutions to life, empowering communities and contributing to a greener, resilient future.
Our Supply Chain Commitment:
Cypress Creek Renewables is committed to the principles and the internationally recognized standards set forth by the United Nations Global Compact Principles, the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and the International Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.
We require all entities in the Cypress Creek Renewables organization and all employees, partners, and suppliers to uphold these commitments, and implement appropriate human rights protections in their own operations.
Cypress Creek also enforces thorough supply chain traceability protocols, coupled with a strong Approved Vendor Process and contractual protections in our agreements to ensure there is no use of forced labor in our supply chain.
Construction
Building a project
Carefully chosen contractors handle the construction, managed by our in-house project execution team.
How we choose our team
Our team members and partners are selected based on a commitment to technical excellence, integrity, and a shared vision for advancing clean energy solutions. We prioritize skills in innovative engineering, efficient procurement strategies, and quality and safety driven construction to ensure successful project execution. Our criteria for selecting Engineering, Procurement, and Construction (EPC) partners include demonstrated expertise in solar and battery storage technologies, a proven track record in project management, and a dedication to safety, compliance, and sustainability. We seek partners who are not only technically proficient but are also aligned with our mission to deliver reliable, cost-effective solar and battery energy power solutions that exceed customer expectations and contribute to a sustainable future.
Grid Connection
Bringing the project online
Once complete, the project is connected to the grid and starts producing or storing the energy needed for homes and businesses.
Operations and Maintenance
Running our internal fleet of projects
Our wholly owned subsidiary, Cypress Creek Solutions, handles all O&M needs for the life of the project.
Our O&M team of 150+ operates more than 500 projects for our customers and in our internal fleet across 23 states.
The Cypress Creek Renewables Fleet of owned and operated projects produces enough energy to power more than 415,000 American homes and businesses.
Learn more about Cypress Creek Solutions.
Decommissioning
End of project life
At the end of its planned service, about 40 years for solar projects and 20 years for storage, we will decommission it.
Cypress Creek takes care of all decommissioning requirements, recycling reusable materials, clearing the land of equipment, and returning the soil to a state that supports its former use, if that is what the landowner prefers.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/esg/

Sustainability
Caring for our environment, communities, and team.
Cypress Creek Renewables is in the business of building a sustainable future, but our efforts go far beyond just our mission statement.
Every day the Cypress Creek team is working toward our environmental, social, and governance goals through a commitment to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions; our environmental initiatives to conserve natural and working lands; our Good Neighbor Commitment to the communities where we live, work, and develop projects; and through the good governance embedded in our company structure.
Download our ESG Report:
Caring for Our Environment
At Cypress Creek, we carefully deploy our resources and are dedicated to mitigating our impact on the environment.
Pollinators
We established pollinator-friendly vegetation at 10 of our owned and operated projects in Minnesota, Maryland, and New York. Seed mixes include native species that provide habitat and food sources for pollinators through the growing season.
National Forest Foundation
In December 2023, Cypress Creek became a corporate sponsor of The National Forest Foundation, making a $17,300 donation to plant trees equivalent to the number cleared by the commercialized projects in our 2023 portfolio.
Solar Grazing
Cypress Creek owns and operates 13 solar facilities in North Carolina and Minnesota that used sheep grazing for vegetation management in 2023, and we continue to explore grazing opportunities at other project sites including in Illinois and Vermont.
Benefiting Communities
At Cypress Creek we honor our Good Neighbor Commitment to establish sustainable relationships with our community partners.
High School Scholarships
In 2023, we established our Energizing Tomorrow’s Leaders scholarship program for graduating high school seniors, and in two years we have awarded more than $115,000 to students across the country.
Workforce Development
Cypress Creek provided $25,000 to North Carolina’s Piedmont Community College in 2023 for programs that help meet the growing workforce needs of the energy industry.
Helping Underserved Communities
Cypress Creek was honored to donate $25,000 to North Leupp Family Farms, a 100-acre community nonprofit located on the Navajo Nation, about 45 miles east of Flagstaff, Arizona, to help meet the energy needs of their expanding community resources.
Cypress Creek in Communities
Learn more about our Good Neighbor Commitment and community work.
Good Governance
At Cypress Creek Renewables we are governed by a strong set of policies that reflects a commitment to appropriate business behavior and ethics at all position levels to maintain a culture of integrity, honesty, and accountability.
Safety
At Cypress Creek, safety is at the core of everything we do. Every team member is responsible for the safety of our work environments and is empowered with “stop work authority” allowing them to halt, assess, and correct the safety of a situation or job.
Human Rights
Cypress Creek Renewables is committed to supporting human rights. We believe that long-term business success can only be achieved if human rights are acknowledged and protected. You can view our full Human Rights policy here.
Employee-led Councils
Cypress Creek has four councils supported by at least two executive sponsors: the Community Engagement and Investment Council; the Health, Safety, Security and Environmental Council; One Cypress; and the Technology and Innovation Council.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/who-we-are/

Who We Are
Cypress Creek Renewables is an independent power producer and renewable energy developer leveraging an owner’s mindset to create valuable projects that benefit communities for decades. Our experienced team is led by a strong set of shared values and a culture of continuous improvement in the work we do every day toward our mission.
Our mission: Powering a sustainable future, one project at a time
Cypress Creek is leading the nation’s energy transition.
A decade of creating valuable projects guided by our shared principles has made us one of the most experienced solar and storage developers in the United States.
We are thoughtful developers with an owner’s mindset and the knowledge, skills and maturity to build a cleaner, safer, and better energy future.
Our Shared Values
The 5 C's
These company values guide our behavior, decisions, and the way we work as a team at Cypress Creek.
We care about the safety and well-being of our team, our communities and the environment, and we carefully deploy our resources.
Our team exemplifies this value through our company giving and volunteer work, environmental initiatives, safety standards and the overall thoughtful approach to every project we undertake.
We take smart risks, we speak up, and we make decisions. We learn and constantly improve.
The Cypress Creek team embraces a culture of continuous improvement. We leverage our experience as an owner and operator to apply lessons learned to each new project we develop.
We innovate to create valuable projects. We embrace new ideas and find solutions to hard problems.
Our team utilizes cutting-edge technology, real world data and our own deep well of experience to overcome challenges and succeed.
We are committed to making the world cleaner and healthier. We do the right thing when our values are challenged.
We hold ourselves and our partners to the highest standard from our community and environmental work to our human rights and supply chain tracing commitments. We ensure we never give up on our guiding principles.
We come from different backgrounds to do our work together as one team.
We bring the diversity of our team’s experience, skills and strengths together to create something even greater than the sum of its parts. From finance professionals to operations experts and everyone in between, we know that our work is best accomplished together.
Care
We care about the safety and well-being of our team, our communities and the environment, and we carefully deploy our resources.
Our team exemplifies this value through our company giving and volunteer work, environmental initiatives, safety standards and the overall thoughtful approach to every project we undertake.
Courage
We take smart risks, we speak up, and we make decisions. We learn and constantly improve.
The Cypress Creek team embraces a culture of continuous improvement. We leverage our experience as an owner and operator to apply lessons learned to each new project we develop.
Creativity
We innovate to create valuable projects. We embrace new ideas and find solutions to hard problems.
Our team utilizes cutting-edge technology, real world data and our own deep well of experience to overcome challenges and succeed.
Conviction
We are committed to making the world cleaner and healthier. We do the right thing when our values are challenged.
We hold ourselves and our partners to the highest standard from our community and environmental work to our human rights and supply chain tracing commitments. We ensure we never give up on our guiding principles.
Collaboration
We come from different backgrounds to do our work together as one team.
We bring the diversity of our team’s experience, skills and strengths together to create something even greater than the sum of its parts. From finance professionals to operations experts and everyone in between, we know that our work is best accomplished together.
Making a Difference
Cypress Creek’s contribution goes beyond solar panels and battery cells installed and megawatts produced. We’re making a difference through our work each and every day.
11M metric tons
of CO₂ offset by our fleet of owned solar and storage projects since inception
$3B+ Invested
in projects from inception through the end of 2023
400+ team members
working together to achieve our mission
Learn More About Cypress Creek
Led by an experienced management team, we develop, finance, operate, and own utility-scale solar power plants and battery storage assets across the country.
Founded in 2014, Cypress Creek has grown from start-up to a leader in the solar and storage industry.
From our workplaces to the communities where we work and live, to the environment we share, Cypress Creek is making a difference through partnerships, meaningful giving, environmental initiatives, good corporate governance, and more.
Cypress Creek people are drawn to work in a purpose-driven organization. We care about future generations and are inspired by the scale we continue to achieve through our experience and attention to every project we develop, operate, manage, and own.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/our-history/

Our History
Take a look at where we have been, to better understand where we are going as we continue to grow as one of the nation’s leaders in solar and storage.
A decade of harnessing the power of the sun
Our history
Cypress Creek has grown exponentially since our founding, becoming an established leader in the industry and experienced developer with projects commercialized in 22 states, operated in 24 states, and team members working across the country.
Cypress Creek was founded in Santa Monica, California.
Today Cypress Creek has corporate offices in California, Illinois, New York, North Carolina, and Washington, D.C., with team members across the country.
Cypress Creek’s first portfolio of projects were placed in service
The 26MW of solar capacity, located in North Carolina, began delivering energy to the electric grid, supplying clean energy to North Carolinians and launching Cypress Creek into the renewable energy space.
The acquisition solidified Cypress Creek as a force for solar energy and economic development in the Southeast
Cypress Creek gained 350MW of operational projects, 600MW of near-term pipeline and a host of talented team members, some of whom still hold top leadership positions in the company.
Crossing the 1GW milestone propelled Cypress Creek forward to continue growing our development pipeline exponentially
The Cypress Creek Control Center (C4) is located in our flagship office in Durham, North Carolina
One of just a handful of North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC) – Critical Infrastructure Protection (CIP) compliant control centers in the country operated by a solar-only company, the C4 allows our team to provide 24/7/365 operations to third-party assets and those we own.
Cypress Creek shifted to a new strategy centered on long-term value creation
At the heart of the Go Forward strategy is creating a renewable Independent Power Producer, with the full suite of capabilities to develop, build, own and operate solar and storage projects for the long-term.
Cypress Creek had a renewed focus on development in dynamic wholesale markets, such as PJM and ERCOT, expanded its customer base to include corporate customers in addition to utilities and shifted to a third-party model for Engineering, Procurement and Construction.
The Fleet of Cypress Creek Owned and Operated Fleet reached 2GW
Today Cypress Creek owns and operates 2.4GW of solar and storage projects. Together they produce enough energy to power more than 415,000 American homes and businesses.
EQT Infrastructure became sole owner of Cypress Creek Renewables
EQT, a purpose-driven global investment organization, supports Cypress Creek’s continued growth and strategic vision through the execution of our project development pipeline, optimization of the internal fleet of projects and the scaling of the operations and maintenance services business, Cypress Creek Solutions.
Construction began on Zier, a large-scale hybrid solar plus storage site.
The site, in Brackettville, Texas was connected to the grid in 2024. The 208MW site has a 40MW, two-hour battery system which came online in 2024 and immediately began helping to stabilize the ERCOT grid.
Cypress Creek continues to develop their battery storage business using the technology to increase grid stability
Brazos Bend is located outside of Houston, Texas. The 100MW system can power about 25,000 Texas homes for one hour.
2014
Founded
Cypress Creek was founded in Santa Monica, California.
Today Cypress Creek has corporate offices in California, Illinois, New York, North Carolina, and Washington, D.C., with team members across the country.
December 2014
First projects come online
Cypress Creek’s first portfolio of projects were placed in service
The 26MW of solar capacity, located in North Carolina, began delivering energy to the electric grid, supplying clean energy to North Carolinians and launching Cypress Creek into the renewable energy space.
November 2016
Cypress Creek acquires North Carolina-based FLS Energy
The acquisition solidified Cypress Creek as a force for solar energy and economic development in the Southeast
Cypress Creek gained 350MW of operational projects, 600MW of near-term pipeline and a host of talented team members, some of whom still hold top leadership positions in the company.
December 2017
Cypress Creek reaches 1GW
Crossing the 1GW milestone propelled Cypress Creek forward to continue growing our development pipeline exponentially
April 2018
Cypress Creek opens control center
The Cypress Creek Control Center (C4) is located in our flagship office in Durham, North Carolina
One of just a handful of North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC) – Critical Infrastructure Protection (CIP) compliant control centers in the country operated by a solar-only company, the C4 allows our team to provide 24/7/365 operations to third-party assets and those we own.
July 2019
New CEO commits to IPP model as the Go Forward strategy
Cypress Creek shifted to a new strategy centered on long-term value creation
At the heart of the Go Forward strategy is creating a renewable Independent Power Producer, with the full suite of capabilities to develop, build, own and operate solar and storage projects for the long-term.
Cypress Creek had a renewed focus on development in dynamic wholesale markets, such as PJM and ERCOT, expanded its customer base to include corporate customers in addition to utilities and shifted to a third-party model for Engineering, Procurement and Construction.
2020
Owned assets reach 2GW
The Fleet of Cypress Creek Owned and Operated Fleet reached 2GW
Today Cypress Creek owns and operates 2.4GW of solar and storage projects. Together they produce enough energy to power more than 415,000 American homes and businesses.
October 2021
EQT Infrastructure Buys Cypress Creek
EQT Infrastructure became sole owner of Cypress Creek Renewables
EQT, a purpose-driven global investment organization, supports Cypress Creek’s continued growth and strategic vision through the execution of our project development pipeline, optimization of the internal fleet of projects and the scaling of the operations and maintenance services business, Cypress Creek Solutions.
August 2022
First large-scale battery begins construction
Construction began on Zier, a large-scale hybrid solar plus storage site.
The site, in Brackettville, Texas was connected to the grid in 2024. The 208MW site has a 40MW, two-hour battery system which came online in 2024 and immediately began helping to stabilize the ERCOT grid.
July 2024
First stand-alone energy storage asset placed in service
Cypress Creek continues to develop their battery storage business using the technology to increase grid stability
Brazos Bend is located outside of Houston, Texas. The 100MW system can power about 25,000 Texas homes for one hour.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/news/cypress-creek-announces-new-go-forward-strategy/

Cypress Creek Announces New Go Forward Strategy
Yesterday Sarah sent the below email to Cypress Creek people describing our Go Forward Strategy.
Cypress team –
Since Kim, Becky and I joined Cypress Creek just over a month ago, we have worked to develop a Go-Forward Strategy for the company. Today, after meeting with Cypress people across divisions and offices, we are delivering that Go Forward Strategy and aligning our people and our resources for success in this next phase. Cypress Creek’s Go Forward Strategy centers around long-term value creation in solar. With you, we will take this company from its roots of rapid expansion in the Carolinas to a more dynamic national solar company focused on sustainable growth powered by innovative projects and products, including solar and storage.
As Cypress Creek continues to evolve, we will focus on both large-scale projects and distributed generation opportunities in markets where we bring unique strengths and value. While continuing to invest in the Carolinas and PURPA markets, we will also advance development in dynamic wholesale markets, such as PJM and ERCOT, and maintain our leadership position within the community solar segment. This work is well underway, with large-scale ERCOT projects under construction and industry-leading community solar portfolios in Illinois and New York.
This next phase will involve expanding our customer base of corporate offtakers, hedge providers, municipalities, community solar subscribers, in addition to our utility customers. We are partnering with a variety of buyers looking for building long term relationships with offtakers for repeat business, building on our recent successes with bilateral partnerships.
This new focus means we must align our people and our resources. As a part of this next phase, today we are letting you and our vendors and partners, know that we are shifting to a third-party model for Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC). This means that we will be winding down our internal EPC division over the coming months. Internal EPC made sense when we were concentrated primarily on deploying solar in the Carolinas, but as we have expanded outside of the Carolinas, it makes less sense. Going forward, we will rely on providers who have expertise in the local markets or have the footprint to effectively deliver projects nation-wide. The model allows Cypress to focus on the core business of developing, financing and operating solar and storage.
During this next phase, we will continue to be one of the most effective solar companies in the country, with one of the largest pipelines in growing markets for solar. We have the right team for this phase, and Kim, Becky and I along with the rest of the executive team, are thrilled to lead you all with the Cypress Creek go-after-it mentality. Together we will build a truly dynamic, resilient, and national solar company to advance the exponential growth of solar.
I look forward speaking with you all tomorrow on the All Hands Call.
Thanks,
Sarah
About Cypress Creek Renewables
Cypress Creek Renewables is a leading renewables developer and independent power producer. It develops, finances, owns, and operates utility-scale and distributed solar and energy storage projects across the United States. Since inception, Cypress Creek has commercialized 15GW of projects and has a more than 3GW portfolio of operating and under construction solar and storage assets. Cypress Creek’s leading O&M services business, Cypress Creek Solutions, operates and maintains more than 4GW of solar projects for customers across 24 states.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/our-people/

Our People
Our highly experienced team leverages our scale using industry-proven best practices.
Our highly experienced team has a proven track record across project lifecycle, with notable experience in development, operations, financing and portfolio management, including trading and risk management.
Leadership
Sarah Slusser
Chief Executive Officer
As CEO, Sarah is responsible for setting the vision and strategy of the company with a special focus on creating a culture of investing with conviction and discipline, creative problem solving, caring for our communities and people and collaborating with all stakeholders.
Jeremy Wodakow
Chief Commercial Officer
Jeremy is responsible for the operating, commercial, and financial performance of Cypress Creek’s growing portfolio of operating assets and our third-party O&M services business – Cypress Creek Solutions. He also structures renewable supply to meet the needs of our customers to commercialize development projects.
Peter Toomey
Chief Development Officer
Peter leads the company’s Development team, working with external and internal stakeholders to grow and advance projects in our development pipeline.
Jerome O’Brien
Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel
Jerome manages the legal department and oversees other functions at the company including safety, insurance, and ESG initiatives.
Jeffrey Meigel
Chief Investment Officer
Jeff leads the Structured Finance, Capital Markets, Mergers and Acquisitions, and Investment Analytics groups, and the Investment Committee.
Mike Discenza
Chief Financial Officer
As CFO, Mike manages the financial, tax and digital activities of Cypress Creek. He has extensive global executive leadership experience across innovative infrastructure, renewable energy, financial, and project development companies.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/about/team/mike-discenza/

Mike Discenza
As CFO, Mike manages the financial, tax and digital activities of Cypress Creek. He has extensive global executive leadership experience across innovative infrastructure, renewable energy, financial, and project development companies.
Mike was most recently CFO and then President at Transurban-North America, a partnership between Transurban, a leading Australian public company, and major Australian and Canadian Infrastructure Funds, where he developed strategic plans, led a team of 200, managed a $250M+ P&L, and directed a master financing plan supporting $5B+ billion in capital investments in North America. Previously Mike was CFO at GeoGlobal Energy, a geothermal company in the US, Chile, and Germany, and H2Gen Innovations, which developed products to catalyze the adoption of hydrogen energy and related services. While he has spent most of his career in the private sector, Mike has also served two roles in government, including the White House Office of Management and Budget and the US Export-Import Bank. Mike graduated from Colgate University with a degree in Economics and received an MBA from Goizueta Business School at Emory University.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/about/team/jeff-meigel/

Jeffrey Meigel
Jeff leads the Structured Finance, Capital Markets, Mergers and Acquisitions, and Investment Analytics groups, and the Investment Committee.
Jeff has led more than $25 billion in renewables transactions. Before joining Cypress Creek, he served as Senior Vice President of Capital Markets with Brookfield Renewable U.S., where he was responsible for a more than $3 billion per annum capital formation and liquidity plan. Other leadership experience includes the formation and successful IPO of TerraForm Power, Inc., where he held positions as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development and Vice President of Global Capital Markets and Structured Finance. He also held director and senior manager positions in project and commercial finance, respectively, for SunEdison, Inc. Before focusing on renewables, Jeff was a generalist at a boutique investment bank and began his career as an engineer. He graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in computer science from the State University of New York at Plattsburgh and earned an MBA from Babson College.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/about/team/jerome-obrien/

Jerome O’Brien
Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel
Jerome manages the legal department and oversees other functions at the company including safety, insurance, and ESG initiatives.
Prior to joining Cypress Creek, he was an attorney at Jones Day, a leading international law firm, where he focused on private and public mergers and acquisitions. Jerome received a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology from Duke University and a Juris Doctorate from Georgetown University Law Center. Jerome is admitted to practice in New York and New Jersey.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/about/team/peter-toomey/

Peter Toomey
Peter leads the company’s Development team, working with external and internal stakeholders to grow and advance projects in our development pipeline.
Prior to joining Cypress Creek, Peter was Vice President of Commercial Management at Rise Light & Power, an LS Power Company, where he managed energy marketing for the largest power plant in New York City – Ravenswood Generating Station – and helped the company develop a plan to transition the plant to a renewable energy hub. He also held positions at prominent renewable energy companies including Avangrid Renewables, SunPower, and Terraform Power, where he was responsible for the commercialization of a diverse set of renewable energy assets. He has experience in nearly all U.S. markets, from Hawaii to New England, and has led commercialization efforts across the entire project lifecycle, from greenfield development to repowering. Peter earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in history from Yale University and a Master of Science degree in technology and socio-economic planning from Roskilde University in Denmark.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/about/team/jeremy-wodakow/

Jeremy Wodakow
Jeremy is responsible for the operating, commercial, and financial performance of Cypress Creek’s growing portfolio of operating assets and our third-party O&M services business – Cypress Creek Solutions. He also structures renewable supply to meet the needs of our customers to commercialize development projects.
Before joining Cypress Creek, Jeremy served as the head of Axpo US, where he was the first employee and built the American arm of Axpo Solutions, an international renewable energy producer and energy trader, from the ground up. He was responsible for all aspects of the business, from establishing their presence in the U.S. market, to defining strategy and managing commercial activities. Previously Jeremy held positions as head of North American Gas & Power Origination and Structuring at Noble Americas, Principal at TPG Capital, Vice President of Commodity Sales and Structuring for Goldman Sachs, and IBD Analyst at Lehman Brothers. Jeremy earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from New York University’s Stern School of Business.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/about/team/sarah-slusser/

Sarah Slusser
As CEO, Sarah is responsible for setting the vision and strategy of the company with a special focus on creating a culture of investing with conviction and discipline, creative problem solving, caring for our communities and people and collaborating with all stakeholders.
During her 21 years at AES, she rose to be a senior officer and built and ran the Mexico, Central America, and Caribbean division. Sarah co-founded GeoGlobal Energy, a geothermal developer, and Point Reyes Energy Partners, a solar and energy storage developer. Sarah graduated from Harvard University with honors and received an MBA from Yale School of Management. She is a member of the Board of Directors of Prologis, an NYSE-listed global leader in logistics real estate, and is a former member of the TransAlta board.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/careers/

Power the Future with Us
Cypress people are drawn to work in a purpose-driven organization. We care about future generations and are inspired by the scale we continue to achieve through our experience and attention to every project we develop, operate, manage, and own. We are powering a sustainable future, one project at a time.
Opportunities at Cypress Creek
We take projects from inception to energy production, requiring a diverse team of knowledgeable and talented individuals with skills across the spectrum. From project developers to engineers, finance professionals, field service technicians, and beyond, opportunities abound at Cypress Creek.
Work in our corporate offices
Join our impressive team of developers, accountants, engineers, lawyers, and other professionals doing the behind-the-scenes work of bringing renewable energy projects to life.
Become part of our field team
Work hands-on with our Cypress Creek Solutions team providing the vital support, operation and management of renewable energy facilities across the country in safety, project management, and field service technician roles.
Start your career and grow your skills with us
Each year Cypress Creek offers internships to seniors, recent grads, and graduate students in departments across the company. Our paid interns receive mentorship, experience, and the opportunity to contribute to the company in a meaningful way through a program-concluding project.
From Our Team
Timothy Fredericksen
Remote, NY
At Cypress Creek, we are building a sustainable and scalable future within the solar industry. We are focused on a culture of excellence and inclusiveness, and our team members have the ability to make a real impact both within the company and across the industry. I truly enjoy the flexibility, our spirit of team play, and the open mindedness of our teams to new approaches and ideas.
Jessica Zheng
Associate, M&A
What really stands out to me at CCR is the sense of community and depth of expertise across the organization. I’m constantly inspired by the level of care and dedication people bring to delivering real outcomes for partners, customers, and local communities. We’re aligned around a shared mission and spirit to take on complex challenges together as we build a platform that can meaningfully shape the clean energy industry. Every day, I’m encouraged to think critically, challenge processes, and truly see how our work translates into tangible impact and steady progress toward meeting the world’s growing demand for electricity.
Patty Allison
Remote, CA
My favorite part of my job is onboarding new people here at Cypress Creek! I introduce the new people to the systems and apps we use here at CCR, one on one. We can work through issues immediately and I try to help the new hires with any other questions they may have as a new hire and direct them in the right direction to get their questions resolved. The amazing “Can Do” culture here at CCR is demonstrated every day as new hires start working with their team and hit the ground running!
Terry Brinker
Director of NERC Compliance
I love working at Cypress Creek because our leadership truly gets it. They genuinely care about the staff, are forward-thinking and inclusive, and foster an environment where we do meaningful work and are recognized for our contributions.
Susmitha Kunadharaju
Performance Engineer II
I love working at Cypress Creek Renewables because of its inclusive, collaborative culture where everyone feels genuinely welcome. I am fortunate to be part of an incredibly supportive team that values respect, teamwork, and encouragement. It is truly inspiring to contribute to a company that’s actively making the world cleaner and more sustainable.
Bhaumik Patel
Senior Manager, Solutions Engineering
Cypress Creek fosters a culture of ownership, collaboration and innovation. I’ve grown more here than anywhere else, thanks to the trust and support from leadership. The environment is fast-paced and full of challenges, yet incredibly supportive.
Craig Munger
Senior Engineer
Remote
There is a a lot of enthusiasm and expertise within Cypress Creek and the capabilities of the team and the company to deliver and operate projects never fails to impress.
Jonny Smith
Operations Technology Engineer
Durham, NC
Cypress Creek is a renewables company with a great reputation and was a great move for my career. So far I’ve had plenty of good experiences, from the company culture, to the leadership team wanting the best for the mission and the overall well-being of their team. I would recommend anyone to work at Cypress Creek. We’re not only delivering clean energy to the world, but the fact that we’re able to provide power to homes and businesses is our main achievement. I love that Cypress Creek is a diverse organization with employees working all over, but it still feels like we’re all under the same “roof” even though we might be thousands of miles away.
A Continuously Improving Team
As leaders in the industry our highly collaborative team brings their diverse skills and experiences together to create value across all aspects of the solar and storage space.
400+ team members
working together to achieve our mission
6
company affinity groups
7
corporate offices
Our Benefits
Paid Time Off
We offer 15 days of paid time off and accrual up to 20 days, with 11 observed holidays.
401(k) Match
Our 401(k) program aligns with industry standards, helping our team plan for their futures.
Comprehensive Health Coverage
Our package includes leading medical, dental, vision, and life insurance.
Employee Assistance Program
Confidential, voluntary help with work-related and personal challenges.
Health Stipends
Team members receive an annual wellness stipend and family-planning support.
Parental Leave
Cypress provides generous leave for both parental roles.
Tuition Reimbursement
We encourage employees to pursue education to deepen knowledge in their specialty.
Cell Phone Reimbursement
We provide a monthly stipend for the use of personal cell phones.
Fully Expensed Company Travel
All company travel, including business mileage, is reimbursed.
Company Swag
We show off our Cypress Creek pride with company swag.
Life at Cypress Creek
Our recognition as a leading solar and storage company is the result of our people. We seek creative and courageous people who share our values and are driven by our mission of powering a sustainable future, one project at a time.
One Cypress
This employee-led committee is actively building a more dynamically diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace. Our affinity groups provide support, networking, professional development and more to teams with shared interests, backgrounds, and experiences.
Employee Volunteerism
Cypress Creek team members care about the communities where they live and work and give back through volunteer opportunities that make a difference.
Engagement Activities
Team members at our seven corporate offices unwind with quarterly planned activities, from baseball games to Top Golf to painting classes and more, allowing them to connect with their coworkers outside the workplace.
Honoring our Veterans
Cypress Creek offers military veterans the opportunity to use their transferable skills in the renewables industry. We honor their bravery and their service with an extra paid holiday on Veterans Day.
How we hire
Join Our Team
Take a look at our typical process for bringing on new team members. See our open opportunities below!
Search
Does our mission align with what drives you? Use our career page to search for jobs that match your skills, talent and experience.
Apply
After reviewing the details of an open position, complete our online application. Make sure to have your up-to-date resume ready to upload.
Review
Once your application is received, our team will evaluate your interest and experience for a potential match with the opening.
Interview
We value getting to know you and learning what drives you. Expect to talk to our HR team, the hiring manager and position team members.
Reference Check
Our team will check in with the list of references you submit.
Offer
Once we know we’ll be a great fit for each other, we will make you an offer to join our team!
Explore Open Positions
Careers
Please be cautious of fraudulent recruiting activities impersonating our brand and legitimate employers. Follow these guidelines to protect yourself:
- Official communication will always come from our verified company email e.g. @ccrenew.com. We will never ask you to enroll in a new communication platform.
- Do not share personal information such as your Social Security number, bank details, or passwords unless you are certain of the recruiter’s identity.
- We will never ask for payment or financial information during the hiring process.
If you suspect fraudulent activity or receive suspicious communication, please report it immediately to our HR team at [email protected]
Your safety is our priority. Thank you for helping us maintain a secure job-seeking environment.
Development
Asset Management/Fleet
Asheville, NC; Durham, NC, New York, NY
ApplyContinuous Improvement
Durham, NC
ApplyDCOE
Durham, NC
ApplyFinance & Accounting
Durham, NC
ApplyOperations & Maintenance (Solutions)
Durham, NC
ApplyHouston, Texas
ApplyRemote
ApplyFayetteville, NC
ApplyPortland, OR
ApplyValera, TX
ApplyRaleigh-Durham, North Carolina or San Antonio, Texas
ApplyUvalde, Texas
ApplyNorth and South Atlantic Regions
ApplyCapital Markets
Origination & Trading
New York City, NY
ApplyProject Execution
Cypress Creek is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Cypress Creek Renewables is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace that is inclusive and values diversity, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/news/

Stories
Filter Options
Results
December 4, 2025
News Coverage
We’ve developed 12GW of solar energy projects across the United States, enough to power more than 2,000,000 American homes.
We’ve developed 12GW of solar energy projects across the United States, enough to power more than 2,000,000 American homes.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/news/cypress-creek-renewables-team-rolls-up-their-sleeves-for-earth-day-2025/

Cypress Creek Renewables Team Rolls Up Their Sleeves for Earth Day 2025
Tuesday, April 22, 2025 – This year, the Cypress Creek Renewables team celebrated Earth Day by rolling up their sleeves and giving back to the communities they call home. Across the country, employees united for the company’s annual day of service, participating in hands-on projects that demonstrated their ongoing commitment to environmental stewardship and community care.
“Earth Day has become a meaningful tradition at Cypress Creek as an opportunity to live out our values beyond the work we do every day,” said Sam Hockaday, Chief People Officer at Cypress Creek. “Our teams continue to show up with passion and purpose, reinforcing our commitment to a cleaner, healthier future not just through the energy we produce but through the actions we take together.”
Here is how our teams spent the day:
Members of the Asheville, North Carolina office partnered with Mountain True and the French Broad Riverkeeper to clean up debris and trash left behind by Hurricane Helene. The devastating hurricane, which hit the area in September 2024, left behind mountains of debris, particularly along the area’s waterways. Our team spent the day working to clean up some of these riparian areas.
Employees at the Chicago office spent their day at the beach. The team met at North Avenue Beach for a clean up on the shores of Lake Michigan, removing trash from important natural and recreational areas.
In Durham, North Carolina, the Cypress Creek team worked with Keep Durham Beautiful for a road cleanup in their community. Working with the NCDOT Adopt-a-Highway Program they cleared litter and beautified the area.
In New York City, our team joined the Friends of City Hall Park in the community garden. The team helped with planting, litter pickup, mulching and other gardening tasks. The park’s mission is to bring attention to the increasing importance of urban forests across the city.
The San Francisco team armed themselves with claw grabbers and gloves to join members of their community for a trash clean up. The group spent their day clearing Golden Gate Park and Ocean Beach of trash.
In Santa Monica, California, the team spent the day at The Rainbow Garden and Teaching Kitchen. The organization’s mission is to cultivate a strong community by providing garden and kitchen education to children. Our team cleared garden beds, planted new vegetables and cleaned the organization’s tool and seed sheds before feeding the resident hens some Earth Day treats.
About Cypress Creek Renewables
Cypress Creek Renewables is a leading renewables developer and independent power producer. It develops, finances, owns, and operates utility-scale and distributed solar and energy storage projects across the United States. Since inception, Cypress Creek has commercialized 15GW of projects and has a more than 3GW portfolio of operating and under construction solar and storage assets. Cypress Creek’s leading O&M services business, Cypress Creek Solutions, operates and maintains more than 4GW of solar projects for customers across 24 states.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/where-we-work/

Where We Work
With corporate offices on both coasts and our people and projects located in between, Cypress Creek is a leader in solar and storage across America.
About Us
Cypress Creek has corporate offices in Durham and Asheville, North Carolina; San Francisco and Santa Monica, California; New York; Chicago; and Washington, D.C., with projects, team members, and services provided located across the country.
7
corporate offices
22
states with commercialized projects
24
states with projects operated by our team
Our Nationwide Impact
850+ solar and storage projects commercialized
totaling 12GW of clean energy capacity.
$3B+ invested
in projects from inception through the end of 2023.
5GW of solar and storage
operated by our Cypress Creek Solutions team.
11M metric tons of CO2 offset
by our company-owned projects since our founding.
Where We Work
Cypress Creek Control Center (C4)
Opened in 2018, our 24/7/365, NERC-registered, state-of-the-art facility is the core of operations for Cypress Creek Solutions.
Cypress Creek Durham office
Cypress Creek boasts two offices in the state of North Carolina, with one in Durham’s Research Triangle Park.
Brazos Bend
Cypress Creek’s first fully standalone storage project was commissioned in 2024 in Rosenberg, Texas.
Shakes Solar
Cypress Creek’s largest completed solar project to date produces enough clean energy to power about 54,000 homes.
Cypress Creek Asheville Office
Cypress Creek boasts two offices in the state of North Carolina, with one in the Blue Ridge Mountain city of Asheville.
Helping meet community needs
In 2024, we donated $25,000 to help Santa Cruz Valley Historic Museum meet ADA accessibility standards.
“It’s wonderful to have partners like Cypress Creek who are good neighbors to Eloy.”
— Andrew Rodriguez, Executive Director, Eloy Chamber of Commerce
STEM Education Partnership
We partner with Betabox Learning to bring hands-on STEM learning materials to underserved rural areas in the Carolinas.
Cypress Creek Santa Monica office
Cypress Creek hosts team members in our office in Santa Monica, California.
Cypress Creek San Francisco office
Cypress Creek hosts team members in our office in San Francisco, California.
STEM scholarships
With the Oregon Institute of Technology, we awarded scholarships to students working toward renewable energy careers.
Chicago Office
Cypress Creek hosts team members in our downtown Chicago office.
New York Office
Cypress Creek hosts team members at Cypress Creek’s NYC corporate office.
Washington, D.C. Office
We’re leaders in policy development and regulatory affairs, working closely with industry groups and government officials.
Our footprint in Texas
We operate more than 1GW in Texas – including 19 of our own projects – with more than 5.2GW in the development pipeline.
$25,000 for workforce training
In 2023, we provided Piedmont Community College with equipment and marketing to grow their electrical training program.
Our footprint in the West
In the Western Interconnection grid: 4.5GW in development and proposals in Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, and Washington.
Sheep grazing for ecosystem benefits
Our 13 solar projects in North Carolina and Minnesota used sheep to manage vegetation in 2023, and the experiment continues.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/community-partners/

More than a clean energy company, a true local partner
At Cypress Creek, we work to develop long-lasting, collaborative relationships with towns, cities, and counties to ensure our projects lead to stronger, more prosperous communities.
Our Good Neighbor Commitment
Whether it is a new solar project in the desert of Arizona or a grid-connected battery storage facility in scenic New England, we are committed to responsible development that prioritizes the unique needs of the communities we serve.
We do more than build renewable energy projects – we work with our host communities to make critical investments that make a real difference in the lives of residents.
We call this our Good Neighbor Commitment, which focuses on four key areas: Environmental Sustainability, Workforce Development and STEM Education, Economic Development and Community Investment, and Veterans Initiatives.
Environmental Sustainability
Cypress Creek is committed to responsible development that respects and protects natural resources. We develop programs and support organizations that work to conserve these resources for future generations. As part of our Solar + Pollinator Initiative, we plant native, pollinator-friendly plants within many of our solar projects to provide foraging habitat for important pollinator insects and species in critical need of our protection. Co-locating pollinator friendly vegetation on solar facilities can bring benefits to nearby agricultural activities which are dependent on pollinator services.
Workforce Development and STEM Education
We partner with technical and community colleges across the U.S. to create, support, and promote renewable energy job training, with a focus on bringing more women, minorities, and veterans into the industry. Our aim is to strengthen the American energy workforce by proactively investing in job training and workforce development initiatives that include scholarships, guest lectures, in-field classroom experiences, and equipment donations.
We provide scholarships to college-aged students in communities across the country and award scholarships to high school students interested in renewable energy through our Energizing Tomorrow’s Leaders program. We also provide funding for K-12 Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) programming through partnerships with school districts where our projects are located. By contributing to STEM programming, we strive to empower the next generation of the renewable energy workforce.
Economic Development and Community Investment
Far too often, communities across the country find themselves without the resources to invest in critical local priorities like safe roads and bridges, training and equipment for first responders, and textbooks for school children. Our projects help our local partners meet these needs by providing long-term, stable revenue sources from our paid property taxes for essential services, all while delivering job opportunities for workers and providing an influx of new capital investment that can help support local businesses.
In addition to the strong economic benefits our projects provide to communities, direct community investments are part of what we do for every project. We sponsor and donate to nonprofits, schools, and community initiatives and events after carefully consulting with residents to identify their highest needs.
Veterans Initiatives
We believe in the importance of providing opportunities to our American heroes who make our world safe. As part of our community investments, we focus on empowering veterans to enter the solar industry and supporting initiatives – particularly workforce development and job training programs – that benefit veterans in the communities where we develop and operate.
Our employees have volunteered twice at the Veterans Healing Farm, located near our Asheville office in Hendersonville, NC. Their mission is “to serve our nation’s veterans by growing and donating high-quality fruits, vegetables, and flower bouquets to veterans and their caregivers free of charge.”
The Cypress Creek team is proud to have members who have served in all areas of the armed forces working toward our company mission.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ccrenew.com/contact/

Contact Us
Are you a landowner looking to lease your land? An owner of solar and storage projects looking for an operator? An equipment supplier or energy buyer wanting to get in touch with our team? However you’re looking to work with us, we’d love to hear from you! Please fill out the form below to let us know what you’re reaching out about and we’ll be in touch.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------