ROOT: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:55:08.310393Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 24

================================================================================

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/

Choose 100% clean energy
Join the movement towards a cleaner future. No installations, no hassle—just renewable energy made easy.
Loading...
AS FEATURED IN
Small effort, big impact.
Empowering you to change the world, without changing the way you live.
Frequently asked questions
See what others have to say about CleanChoice Energy
We are one of the first U.S. companies to both generate and supply only 100% clean electricity.
Our vision is a world free of catastrophic climate change with pure, clean air and abundant renewable energy. We're committed to creating a better environment for future generations, and we’re committed to caring for our customers, our people, and the planet.
Check out our blog
Find everything under the sun related to clean energy, climate news, green living tips, and more
Join us in the fight against climate change
We’re on a mission to make clean air and renewable energy available to all.
Together, we have prevented
9,409,694,151
lbs of carbon emissions*
Let's keep in touch
Unlock special offers, sun-sational content, and more
Success! You’ve been added to our mailing list.
*Based on EPA greenhouse gas equivalencies.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/about-us/our-team

cleanchoice-energy-logo
800-218-0798
cleanchoice-energy-logo
Meet our leadership team
The CleanChoice Energy team comes from a diverse range of backgrounds, all united by a passion to make our environment more sustainable and our air cleaner. Together, we apply our unique skills and expertise to the mission of clean energy for all.
Tom Matzzie
Founder & CEO
Zoë Gamble
President
Christopher Smith
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer
Christy Bumpers
Chief Revenue Officer & Head of Retail
John Burke
Chief Commercial Officer
Jennifer Spinosi
General Counsel & Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs
Anthony Hoang
Chief Technology Officer
Paul St. Louis
Chief Operating Officer
Kate Colarulli
Chief Strategy Officer
Keith Hug
Senior Executive Vice President of HR & Head of People
Patty Wright
Executive Vice President of Operations, Solar Generation

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/about-us

Clean energy for everyone, everywhere
We envision a world free of catastrophic climate change with pure, clean air and abundant renewable energy. We’re on a mission to make it easy for everyone, everywhere to choose clean energy.
We are CleanChoice.
Our story
Growing up in an industrial region of Pennsylvania, Tom Matzzie, our founder and CEO, witnessed the impact of air pollution—caused by burning coal—on the health and safety of his community.
Eager to take action, he installed solar panels for his home, but found the process to be unnecessarily difficult with permits, site visits, and meetings with contractors. Tom wanted to make clean energy easier and knew there must be a better way for more people to choose clean energy.
In 2012, we started on a journey to revolutionize clean energy—to create a world free of catastrophic climate change. Now, over 10 years later, we’re still working hard to make clean energy easier to access for everyone, everywhere.
Our products
Today we are proud to connect more customers than ever to clean energy, and we are striving toward a cleaner future powered by energy generated at our own solar farms. With the support of our customers, we are developing even more solar farms and expanding access to clean energy through a variety of nationwide clean energy solutions.
As we continue to develop more solar farms, we will offer even more new ways to access farm-to-table clean energy—helping our customers make an even bigger positive impact in the fight against climate change.
Our promise
At CleanChoice, we’re on a mission to bring clean energy to everyone, everywhere. Going beyond that, we care about making a positive impact on both our planet and our world.
We hold ourselves to high standards when it comes to caring for our customers, our team, and the planet. We want to do everything we can to take care of the people and places that matter most to us. Learn more about our commitments here.
Everything under the sun
Learn more about our leadership team, career opportunities, and all things related to climate and clean energy
Celebrating 10+ years—and we’re just getting started
For more than 10 years, CleanChoice Energy has helped homeowners and renters make a positive impact on the environment. Here’s a look at our journey since our founding in 2012:
Our company was founded
Began supplying customers with 100% renewable energy
Passed 50,000 clean electricity customers
Ethical Electric changed its name to CleanChoice Energy
Won Best for the World, Best for the Environment
Received DOE SunShot Award
Ranked 113 on Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500
Named as One of America’s 500 Fastest Growing Companies by Inc. 5000
Launched Community Solar
Managed 15 community solar farms
Passed 100,000 clean electricity customers
Became a founding member of Coalition for Community Solar Access (CCSA)
Launched Solar Development
Reached 10,000 Community Solar members
Managed >35% of the residential market for Community Solar in Minnesota
Passed 200,000 clean electricity customers
Managed 50 community solar farms
Became a founding member of Retail Electricity Advancement League (REAL)
Expanded solar development to New Mexico
CleanChoice celebrated 10 years
Launched CleanChoice Generation
Let's keep in touch
Unlock special offers, sun-sational content, and more

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/news/teach-kids-about-environment

12 Ways to Teach Kids About the Environment
Aug 22, 2024
As we continue our efforts to fight climate change, it’s important that we all collectively help raise today’s children to be tomorrow’s environmental advocates. Teaching children about the environment from an early age can help ensure they will take care of our planet for decades to come. Here are 12 ways you can help children learn more about and grow to appreciate nature and our environment:
1. Play nature bingo or do a nature scavenger hunt
This is a fun way to help kids discover new things in the outdoors they might not have noticed before, whether it's different types of plants, trees, insects, or animals. Check out our Pinterest for bingo cards and scavenger hunt ideas!
2. Make art projects with things you find in nature
Use things such as leaves, flowers, twigs, or pebbles to make creative art projects, or have them draw their favorite things in nature or color nature scenes in a coloring book. You can also make crafts from things such as paper towel rolls or empty tissue boxes that would otherwise be trash, and teach them about the importance of conserving resources.
3. Do fun science experiments with them
Create a model ocean to teach them about ocean spills and pollution, make your own terrariums, or even cook your own s’mores using a solar-powered oven! Check out our Pinterest for more ideas and inspiration.
4. Garden with them
Have them help you plant flowers, trees, plants, fruits, or vegetables in your garden or in planters. Teach them about how plants grow, and have them help with watering and taking care of your plants to give them experience with taking care of nature. Watching their tiny seeds grow into beautiful plants is one of the best ways they can learn about the wonder of our natural world! Check out KidsGardening.org for other activities and educational resources to help get kids involved with gardening.
5. Take them camping
Whether you spend a night in the wilderness or simply sleep in a tent in your backyard, spending a night sleeping outside can help them feel more connected to nature and the outdoors. Bring a nature bingo card to help them discover new things in nature on their camping trip, and look for lightning bugs with them if you’re camping during the summer!
6. Teach them about animals
Learning about and encountering animals is a great way to help children develop a connection to the natural world. Take them to a zoo, aquarium, farm, beach, or forest to see different types of animals, or set up a bird feeder in your yard and look at the different birds that stop by.
7. Teach them about actions they can take to help the environment
Help them develop good habits such as turning off the lights when they leave a room or turning off the water when they brush their teeth. Set a good example by showing them eco-friendly actions such as using reusable water bottles and grocery bags, or walking or taking public transportation instead of driving whenever possible. Teach them about how these actions can help protect the environment and their favorite things in nature, such as their favorite beach or favorite animals.
8. Take them to a local park or nearby beach to pick up trash
Teach them about why littering is bad for the environment and for animals, and teach them to always make sure they find a trash can or recycling bin for their waste. You’ll also help them learn about the importance of giving back to your local community.
9. Take them to a local farm to see how food is grown
Have them try different locally grown fruits and vegetables, and try making different recipes with them to teach them about where food comes from and how delicious local fruits and veggies can be.
10. Read books and watch videos about the environment
Read Dr. Seuss’ The Lorax or other environmental children’s books to teach them about the importance of taking care of our planet. You can also watch shows such as Our Planet on Netflix to expose them to the breathtaking creatures and landscapes that exist around the world. Check out the National Geographic Kids website or Raising Little Shoots for other environmental education resources.
11. Talk to them about climate change
Discussing climate change with kids can seem like a difficult conversation to navigate, but it’s an important way to ensure they will grow up to be responsible citizens of our planet. Check out the tips in this blog post to help you through these important conversations.
12. Have them spend time outdoors and away from electronics as much as possible
The more time they spend outdoors, the more likely they are to develop a love of nature and feel connected to the environment. Encourage children to get outside and into nature whenever they can. Expose them to as many different natural settings as you can, such as beaches, lakes, mountains, forests, farms, gardens, national parks….the possibilities are endless!
These 12 activities can help kids develop a love for nature and grow up to be environmental stewards—which will ultimately benefit our planet.
Looking for other ways you can make a positive impact on the environment? One of the easiest and most impactful ways you can help protect our planet is by choosing 100% clean, renewable energy from wind and solar for your home—with zero fossil fuels. Learn more about how you can sign up today to help ensure a better environment and cleaner planet for future generations.
Stay in the know
Learn about clean energy, climate tips, special offers, and more
Success! You’ve been added to our mailing list.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/news/talking-to-kids-about-climate-change

Talking to Kids About Climate Change
May 20, 2020
Talking to children about a topic like climate change can seem difficult or intimidating. Here are some tips to help you navigate the conversation to help them become informed, responsible citizens of the earth:
Acknowledge climate change—don’t ignore it
Teaching younger generations about climate change is a crucial step in helping to solve it. In fact, Italy now requires its schools to teach students about it! Avoiding the conversation will only hurt our planet more in the long run, so don’t ignore climate change just because it feels tough to talk about. Teach your children about it to empower them to become lifelong environmental stewards.
Keep it simple
There’s a lot of science behind climate change. Kids don’t need to know every detail about why or how or climate is changing—they just need to know that it is. When explaining climate change to kids, keep things simple. Here’s an example of what you can say to children, based on input from psychologists and educators:
"Humans are burning lots of fossil fuel for energy—in planes, in cars, and to light our homes. That puts greenhouse gases into the air, and those gases wrap around the planet like a blanket and make everything hotter.
A hotter planet makes storms bigger, it melts ice so oceans will rise, and it makes it harder for animals to find places to live.
It's a big problem, but there are a lot of smart people working hard on it, and there's a lot that we can do to help."
Show kids how they can help the planet
Teach them actions they can take to help fight climate change, and connect the “why” behind these actions to things in nature that are familiar to them. For instance, you can say, “We need to recycle to keep our favorite beach safe.” Other actions you can teach them include turning off the lights when you leave a room, not using too much water when you shower or brush your teeth, picking up litter, avoiding plastic, and limiting food waste. Encourage them to encourage their friends to take these actions, too! It’s also important for adults to lead by example and practice these sustainable habits.
You can also explain other behaviors in connection with protecting the planet. For instance, you can explain that the reason we don’t need to buy more new toys right now, why we aren’t turning on the air conditioning on a nice day, or why we won’t buy certain products or foods is to help protect our favorite animals, plants, beaches, and parks.
Stay positive
Eco-anxiety is a growing problem among children. To help mitigate it, keep things positive and hopeful when discussing climate change with children. Focus on the climate solutions we have and all the things people are doing to help the planet, such as buying electric cars or supporting renewable energy. Tell them about the climate victories we’ve already achieved and the many young people around the world fighting to help the environment. Avoid sowing seeds of fear, helplessness, and defeatism, and instead focus on hope and solutions to help them feel empowered and optimistic. Remind them that they have the power to help protect our planet!
Teach kids to appreciate nature
Fostering an appreciation for nature is an important way to help give children context around climate change. This can help them connect climate change and its effects to things or places they’ve experienced in nature. Take them to a park, a lake, the beach, or the mountains. Take them on hikes on a local trail. Teach them about different types of plants and animals. Grow plants or vegetables in a garden with them. Have them collect things they find in nature like shells or leaves, or have them feed animals. Expose them to as much of the natural world as you can and as often as you can. That way, when they learn about climate change, they’ll feel more of a personal connection to it—hopefully helping it resonate more.
Use resources to help you
There are plenty of resources available to help you teach children about climate change and the environment. NASA Climate Kids is a great place to start. There are many helpful videos and series on YouTube such as Global Weirding, and even shows on Netflix such as Our Planet to help them gain an appreciation of the natural world. Check out our Pinterest for children's books, science experiments, and other materials to help you. And, if you’re looking for tips to help you discuss climate change with adults as well, check out our blog post on how to talk about climate change with your family and friends.
Talking about climate change should be an ongoing conversation, and it’s also an important first step to solving it. Looking for more ways you can help the planet? Sign up for 100% clean, renewable energy today!
Stay in the know
Learn about clean energy, climate tips, special offers, and more

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/generation

We do solar differently.
CleanChoice builds solar energy projects, becoming one of the first U.S. companies to both generate and supply only 100% clean electricity—paving the way for our world to become less reliant on polluting fossil fuels.
We’re cleaning up the grid—and the planet
At CleanChoice, we envision a world free of catastrophic climate change with pure, clean air and abundant renewable energy. We’re building new solar projects every day to bring more clean, pollution-free energy onto the grid.
Not all solar projects are created equal. We care deeply about how and where we develop our projects. We take care of the land and local communities, by enriching the soil and protecting local biodiversity and wildlife.
With the support of our customers, we are developing even more solar projects. The more people who sign up for clean energy with CleanChoice, the more solar projects we can build. It turns into this positive cycle that brings more and more clean energy onto the grid.
We're bringing solar closer to home
We don’t just pick the easiest locations for our solar projects—we intentionally site our projects to best serve our customers. We’re currently siting and acquiring projects across the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast, such as these projects in PA and NY.
Our solar projects
Click on the images below to learn more about each of our solar projects.
Stay up to date with our solar projects
Subscribe to our email newsletter to keep up with all things CleanChoice
Success! You’ve been added to our mailing list.
“We’re not just a solar developer. We’re a long-term owner and operator. We’re in it for the long haul.”
Patty Wright, EVP of Operations, Solar Generation
We strive to be good stewards
We're proud to take good care of our solar projects and the communities where they're located. In addition to generating clean electricity, we:
IN THE NEWS
Frequently asked questions
Lease your land
CleanChoice Energy is leasing parcels of land greater than 25 acres for solar projects, creating predictable long-term income for our landowner partners. Our projects are quiet and have little impact on your property. Leasing your property for solar energy requires no management or operating expenses on your part and will allow you to maintain ownership of your land for future generations. Benefits include:
Predictable income, not subject to weather and market volatility of many traditional uses
Thoughtful project design and a low impact use for your property
Land will remain in your family for future generations to enjoy
Learn More
Discover more
Learn more about our team, our clean energy products, and our career opportunities.
Make A Difference Today
Stay plugged in
Keep up to date with sun-sational content and more

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/our-team

cleanchoice-energy-logo
800-218-0798
cleanchoice-energy-logo
Meet our leadership team
The CleanChoice Energy team comes from a diverse range of backgrounds, all united by a passion to make our environment more sustainable and our air cleaner. Together, we apply our unique skills and expertise to the mission of clean energy for all.
Tom Matzzie
Founder & CEO
Zoë Gamble
President
Christopher Smith
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer
Christy Bumpers
Chief Revenue Officer & Head of Retail
John Burke
Chief Commercial Officer
Jennifer Spinosi
General Counsel & Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs
Anthony Hoang
Chief Technology Officer
Paul St. Louis
Chief Operating Officer
Kate Colarulli
Chief Strategy Officer
Keith Hug
Senior Executive Vice President of HR & Head of People
Patty Wright
Executive Vice President of Operations, Solar Generation

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/news/save-energy-in-your-home

How to Save Energy in Your Home
Aug 25, 2025
Your home’s electricity use plays a big part in your personal carbon footprint. Taking steps to reduce the amount of energy you use in your home is one of the most important and effective ways you can help protect our environment. Here are some simple ways you can reduce your energy usage—lowering both your energy bill and your carbon footprint:
1. Manage your thermostat wisely
The best way you can reduce your energy usage? Be mindful with your thermostat.
On average, more than half of residential energy consumption comes from heating and cooling. This means that being smart with your thermostat is one of the most effective ways you can reduce your energy usage.
Don’t use more heat or AC than you need to. Adjust your thermostat when you’re out of the house, when you’re on vacation, and even at night to save energy and money.
2. Invest in a smart thermostat
By allowing you to adjust the temperature from your smartphone and automatically self-adjusting based on the current weather, smart thermostats can help keep you comfortable when you’re home and save energy when you’re not.
3. Switch to Energy Star appliances
Increase your home's energy efficiency by upgrading to an Energy Star-certified dishwasher, refrigerator, or dryer. Check out energystar.gov to find products and rebates.
4. Don’t waste energy while doing the dishes or your laundry
Use cold water to wash your clothes, hang your laundry to dry instead of using the dryer, and turn off the heated drying setting on your dishwasher to save a surprising amount of energy.
5. Turn down your water heater
Water heating accounts for about 18% of the average electricity bill and is typically the second-biggest contributor to your energy usage (behind heating and cooling). Turning down the temperature of your water heater to the warm setting (120°F) can help reduce your energy consumption.
6. Have your HVAC system serviced
Having your heating and cooling system inspected, cleaned, and serviced at least once a year helps ensure it’s working at maximum efficiency.
7. Replace your air filters
By improving airflow and increasing the efficiency of your cooling systems, this simple step could lower your energy consumption by up to 15%!
8. Clean your air ducts and vents
Cleaning out all the dust and dirt that has accumulated makes things easier for both your lungs and your heating and cooling systems. You’ll save energy and may even increase the system’s lifespan.
9. Seal any air leaks
Caulking, sealing, and weather-stripping cracks and openings around your windows, doors, or any other openings can help keep air from leaking out of or into your home, helping your heating and cooling systems run at maximum efficiency.
10. Seal your air ducts
Leaky air ducts can reduce the efficiency of heating and cooling systems by up to 20%. Sealing and insulating ducts can prevent you from wasting a significant amount of energy and money.
11. Replace your insulation
Update the insulation of your attic, doors, windows, floors, roof, and walls to help prevent air from entering or escaping your home—helping your HVAC system run more efficiently.
12. Switch to energy-efficient lighting
Did you know LED bulbs use at least 75% less energy and last 25 times longer than incandescents? Swapping out your incandescent bulbs for LED bulbs can save a ton of energy and money over time.
13. Change the direction of your ceiling fans every summer and winter
Switch your ceiling fan’s blades to rotate clockwise in the winter (to help push warm air down) and counter-clockwise in the summer (to help push cool air down). This simple step can help you save on heating and cooling costs!
14. During the summer, use ceiling fans and portable fans
Try using fans to help keep your home cool instead of blasting the AC. Using fans in places like your bedroom or your home office can help keep you cool while allowing you to keep the thermostat up a degree or two.
15. Avoid using your oven during the summer
In the hot summer months, use your microwave, toaster oven, air fryer, or grill whenever you can so your AC unit doesn't have to work as hard.
16. Use window treatments to combat the strong summer sun
Try energy-efficient window treatments or coverings such as blinds, shades, or films to naturally keep your home cooler during the summer.
17. During the winter, let sunlight in
Take advantage of the sun’s warming rays in the cold winter months. Allow sunlight to naturally warm the rooms that receive direct sunlight during the day.
18. Only heat necessary places during the winter
Try to avoid heating areas of your home that don’t need to be heated (and might not be insulated), such as your garage, attic, basement, or crawlspace.
18. Use rugs to insulate floors during the winter
Putting rugs in rooms with hardwood or tile floors can help make the rooms feel warmer, allowing you to keep the thermostat a bit lower.
19. Utilize your blankets and sweatshirts in the colder months
Getting more comfortable with bundling up inside your home can help you keep the temperature a tad lower. At night, try using an additional blanket on your bed while lowering the temperature by 1-2 degrees to save energy while you sleep.
20. Be diligent about turning your lights off
Get in the habit of turning off the lights when you leave a room or leave the house (as well as other electronics, like your TV). Once it becomes a habit and part of your routine, it will be such an easy way to save energy over time.
21. Unplug and get outside!
Give your electronics a rest, and go outdoors to enjoy fresh air as often as you can. You can always appreciate everything that Mother Nature has to offer, no matter what time of year.
Small steps like these can make a big difference in your home’s energy consumption—helping you save both energy and money. Once you’ve taken these steps to cut back on your energy usage, make sure the energy you do use comes from clean, green sources. By choosing CleanChoice Energy for your home, you can play a role in fighting climate change and creating a cleaner planet for us all. Learn more about how you can choose 100% clean, renewable energy for your home today!
Stay in the know
Learn about clean energy, climate tips, special offers, and more

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/news/reduce-your-carbon-footprint

20 Ways You Can Reduce Your Carbon Footprint
Mar 28, 2025
From the food you eat, to the clothes you wear, and how you get around, nearly every small action you take throughout your daily life affects your personal carbon footprint. Luckily, there are plenty of steps you can take to reduce your carbon footprint and help make a positive impact on our environment and climate. Here are 20 ways you can reduce your carbon footprint:
1. Reduce your energy usage
The electricity that comes to your home likely includes dirty fossil fuels, such as coal and gas. This means that the energy you use in your home makes up a big part of your personal carbon footprint—and reducing your energy usage is one of the most effective ways you can help shrink it. Try taking simple steps to save energy throughout your home, such as using cold water for your laundry, hanging your laundry to dry instead of using the dryer, turning off the heated drying setting on your dishwasher, and making sure you turn off the lights every time you leave a room. Check out this blog post for more energy-saving tips!
2. Adjust your thermostat
For an effective way to reduce your electricity usage (while also saving money on your electric bills), be smart with your thermostat. Don’t use more heat or AC than you need to. Take advantage of the sun to help warm up your home on chilly days and the natural breeze to cool your home on warmer days. When it comes to adjusting the thermostat, the Department of Energy recommends adjusting the temperature by 4°F when you’re asleep and 7°F when you’re out of the house to save energy—and money.
3. Install a smart thermostat
Smart thermostats make it even easier to manage your home’s energy usage. By allowing you to adjust the temperature from your smartphone and automatically self-adjusting based on the current weather, smart thermostats can help keep you comfortable when you’re home and save energy when you’re not.
4. Switch to energy-efficient lighting
Did you know that LED light bulbs use at least 75% less energy and last 25 times longer than incandescents? Swapping out your incandescent bulbs for LED bulbs is a super simple step that can save a ton of energy and money over time.
5. Switch to more eco-friendly appliances
Many of us have appliances in our homes and garages that are gas-powered, inefficient, or otherwise environmentally unfriendly. When your appliance is ready to be replaced, upgrade to an electric or ENERGY STAR-certified appliance to help reduce emissions and save energy. Try switching to an electric stove, an Energy Star-certified dishwasher, a heat pump water heater, or even an electric lawn mower to further reduce your carbon footprint.
6. Turn down your water heater
According to the Department of Energy, water heating accounts for about 18% of the average electricity bill—making it the second largest energy expense in your home. Some manufacturers set water heaters at 140ºF, but most homes only require them to be set at the warm setting (120ºF). Turning down the temperature of your water heater to 120ºF is an easy way you can help reduce your energy consumption (learn more here).
7. Reduce your transportation footprint
The transportation sector is responsible for 28% of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions—which makes this a huge potential area of improvement. Try taking steps to reduce your personal transportation footprint by walking or biking instead of driving, taking public transportation, carpooling with others, opting for virtual meetings and events, or driving less in general.
8. Switch to an electric car
If you currently drive a gas-powered car, switching to an electric vehicle is one of the most impactful ways you can reduce your transportation footprint. Learn more about the many benefits of switching to an electric car, and check out some of the electric cars and hybrid cars on the market!
9. Take fewer airplane flights
It’s no secret that the airline industry is a large source of global CO2 emissions. Sometimes taking a flight is unavoidable, but try taking a train or bus instead whenever possible, and try flying less overall. You should also take direct flights whenever you can—direct flights cause fewer emissions, as the most emissions occur during takeoff and landing.
10. Reduce the amount of food you waste
Food waste is a serious environmental issue. When food is thrown away, it eventually goes to sit in a landfill, where it emits harmful methane gas. Be more diligent about cooking, food shopping, and eating leftovers to cut back the amount of food you throw away.
11. Start composting
Composting your food waste is a great way you can reduce harmful methane emissions and help fight climate change. Check out our blog post to learn more about how you can get started with composting—even if you live in an apartment!
12. Eat more plant-based foods
Reducing the amount of animal-based food products you consume (such as meat, dairy, and eggs) is a simple yet surprisingly effective way to reduce the carbon footprint of your food. Even giving up meat just one day a week can have a big impact! Learn more about how vegan and plant-based eating can help our planet in this blog post.
13. Buy local, seasonal produce—or grow your own!
Food that is out of season and not local can have a bigger footprint: It often requires more energy-intensive practices to grow, and the long-distance shipping creates more transportation emissions and requires more packaging. Not only does local, seasonal food have a smaller footprint—it also tastes better! You can also try out your own green thumb by growing produce in your garden or in planters.
14. Avoid buying brand new clothes
Fast fashion comes with many harmful effects on the environment. Shop at thrift or consignment stores to reduce fashion waste. If you do need to buy brand new clothes, try shopping from one of these sustainable clothing brands to reduce the negative impacts of your purchase.
15. Use less plastic
Single-use plastics pollute our oceans, are made from fossil fuels, and require energy to produce and recycle. Swap out single-use plastics for reusable options throughout all aspects of your life, such as reusable water bottles, grocery bags, coffee cups, and utensils. Check out these tips to help you reduce your plastic use and live plastic-free.
16. Use less water
It takes a surprising amount of energy to pump, heat, treat, and move water. Simple steps such as turning the faucet off when brushing your teeth, taking shorter showers, or installing a low-flow shower head can add up and save a lot of energy.
17. Go paperless
Using less paper not only helps save trees—it also conserves energy that is used to convert those trees into paper and transport paper products. Sign up for paperless billing and statements, opt for electronic versions of books or newspapers, or try reusable alternatives to paper towels and napkins.
18. Plant trees
Trees are a vital tool in our efforts to remove carbon dioxide from the air and curb climate change. Plant trees yourself in your yard, advocate to your local government to plant trees in your community, or plant trees through an organization such as Arbor Day Foundation.
19. Recycle properly
Recycling is an important way to reduce waste, but it’s only effective if you do it correctly. Check out our Recycling 101 guide for tips and helpful information.
20. Choose 100% clean energy for your home
One of the easiest and most impactful ways you can reduce your carbon footprint is by switching to 100% clean, pollution-free energy for your home. With CleanChoice Energy, signing up takes just 2 minutes, and all of the energy you use will be replenished on the grid with 100% renewable energy from wind and solar sources in your region.
Since 2012, CleanChoice customers have used more than 10 billion kWh of clean wind and solar power—which has had an environmental impact equivalent to preventing more than 8 billion pounds of coal from being burned, taking more than 1.6 million gas-powered cars off the road, or preserving more than 9 million acres of forest! Learn more about how you can sign up for clean energy today to help protect our planet for future generations.
Throughout all aspects of our lives, there are plenty of ways we can all make strides toward reducing our personal carbon footprint. Join us in the fight against climate change by taking these steps to make a positive impact on the environment and protect our planet for generations to come.
Stay in the know
Learn about clean energy, climate tips, special offers, and more
Success! You’ve been added to our mailing list.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/news/our-favorite-national-parks

Our Favorite National Parks
May 1, 2025
Summer is the perfect time to visit some of our country’s incredible natural wonders and soak in the beauty of our planet. Here are some of our favorite national parks and other protected lands, as recommended by members of our CleanChoice team:
1. Alaska Wildlife Conservation Center
Located in Anchorage, Alaska
Recommended by SJ, Business Development Coordinator
I fell in love with the Alaska Wildlife Conservation Center from the moment I arrived. Surrounded by the majestic Chugach Mountain Range and Turnagain Arm Inlet, it's not only a breathtaking location but also a sanctuary dedicated to preserving Alaska's wildlife. Witnessing the animals, from brown bears to muskox, thriving in their natural habitats while being rehabilitated and protected left a lasting impact on me as a visitor. Knowing that my contribution, no matter how small, helps support their care and conservation efforts makes this experience truly meaningful and unforgettable.
2. Arches National Park and Grand Teton National Park
Located in Utah and Wyoming
Recommended by Christina, Director, Compliance and ESG
I went to Arches and Grand Teton several years ago and loved them both. If you like rock scrambling, go to Arches (bring lots of water!). Grand Teton lived up to the name "Grand" with vistas that make you feel small in a good way.
Arches National Park (photo by Christina, Director, Compliance and ESG)
3. Assateague Island National Seashore
Located on Assateague Island, Maryland
Recommended by Tom, CEO and Founder
Assateague is a favorite for our family. Miles of sandy undeveloped beaches, sea shells, wild horses, hiking, and great memories.
4. Big Bend National Park
Located in Brewster County, Texas
Recommended by Kara, Analytics Engineer
If you travel down deep in the heart of Texas to Big Bend National Park, not only do you get a varied desert landscape with beautiful cacti and an ornithologist's paradise (there are hundreds of species of birds that live here!), you also get to see the Milky Way in one of the darkest parts of the country—Big Bend is an International Dark Sky Park. Camping in the Chisos Basin gives an incredible view of the Milky Way, just over Casa Grande peak.
5. Bryce Canyon and Zion National Parks
Located in southern Utah
Recommended by Christina, Director, Compliance and ESG
While I’ve been to many national parks, and it is difficult to choose a favorite because they are all so unique, one of my favorite trips combined both Zion and Bryce Canyon National Parks. Zion wasn’t as crowded as some of the other parks, and there were so many beautiful (and some challenging) hikes with easy-to-access trailheads. Angels Landing is a legendary trail there. Bryce Canyon felt like I was on another planet—I’d never seen anything like it in my life. You can hike into the canyon, and also ride mules in for a different experience. It was amazing!
6. George Washington and Jefferson National Forests
Located in western Virginia
Recommended by Adam, Culture & Engagement Manager
The George Washington and Jefferson National Forests are my favorite grand escape from the DMV when I need to unplug. Because these are technically two national forests combined, the whole area crosses over three states through the Appalachian Mountains, serving a series of varied sublime natural and expansive scenes. I love coming here in summer or fall to hike the many trails or go glamping nearby with our dog, but if I could it would be worth coming to even just for one deep breath of the pine and Appalachian hardwoods.
7. Glacier National Park
Located in West Glacier, Montana
Recommended by Kara, Analytics Engineer
I did a three-day backpacking trip in Glacier National Park a few years ago. There is no shortage of amazing hiking, and opportunities to view the Milky Way (it's another International Dark Sky Park). We even spotted a grizzly... thankfully from a safe distance!
Glacier National Park (photo by Kara, Analytics Engineer)
8. Grand Canyon National Park
Located in Grand Canyon, Arizona
Recommended by Abhishek, Senior Software Engineer
You can see the tens of thousands of years of history when you look over the Grand Canyon, and it always takes your breath away when you soak in the scale of it all. Even though it’s four hours each way from Phoenix, I’ve felt fulfilled and humbled after every visit, and it’s always nice seeing someone marvel at its grandeur for the first time while you feel the same way on the 50th visit.
9. Great Falls Park
Located in McLean, Virginia
Recommended by Janae’, Senior Coordinator, Email & SMS Marketing
The Great Falls Park embodies the outdoor experience with rocky trails, tall trees, and a roaring waterfall that stretches 14 miles. I plan to visit again this summer!
10. Kenai Fjords National Park
Located in Seward, Alaska
Recommended by Zarana, Director, Lifecycle Marketing
My first feeling when we entered Kenai Fjords was this lasting sense of awe. Sitting in a kayak on the water’s surface, we got to experience the majestic beauty and raw strength that is the Aialik Glacier. I’ve never seen more spectacular wildlife or scenery—watching baby humpback whales splash in the bay or chunks of ice plummet into the sea made me realize how small and inconsequential we are!
Kenai Fjords National Park (photo by Zarana, Director, Lifecycle Marketing)
11. Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge
Located in Folkston, Georgia
Recommended by John, Chief Financial Officer
When I am in the neighborhood, Okefenokee is worth the visit. I grew up in New England and giant swamps were not something that I saw growing up. You can use a boat or a canoe to move through the swamp. Some of it is grassland and some of it is forested. The birds and animals are plentiful, but nothing helps your children put aside their differences like counting alligators!
12. Olympic National Park
Located in Port Angeles, Washington
Recommended by Kara, Analytics Engineer
I visited Olympic National Park in 2016 (and was there for less than 24 hours!) and yet it still remains my favorite national park. The varied landscape is incredibly unique. I highly recommend visiting The Hoh Rainforest, one of the few temperate rain forests in the U.S.
Olympic National Park (photo by Kara, Analytics Engineer)
13. Rocky Mountain National Park
Located in Estes Park, Colorado
Recommended by Emily, Director, Retail Operations
Rocky Mountain National Park is my favorite! Even on short hikes in the park, I made my way through many different biomes as I climbed. From meadows to tundra, the stunning views were constantly changing, including the wildlife I saw (my favorites being mountain goats and lots of sassy chipmunks!).
14. Sequoia & Kings Canyon National Parks
Located in Three Rivers, California
Recommended by Sarah, Digital Marketing Coordinator
If you are looking to witness one of the most awe-inspiring natural wonders of the world, look no further than Sequoia & Kings Canyon National Parks. Standing amongst one of the largest and oldest organisms on earth, the giant sequoias, is reason enough to make the journey—but these parks also offer beautiful mountain views, waterfalls, lakes, and great hiking trails. A perfect visit for families and people of all ages—Sequoia & Kings Canyon are truly a must-see!
15. Shenandoah National Park
Located in Luray, Virginia
Recommended by Caroline, Director of Finance
I want to shout out Shenandoah as a great national park. Skyline Drive is a beautiful road during every season (from bright fall leaves to lush spring greenery). Nothing beats sitting on Skyline Drive's famous stone wall and watching the sunset, and the stargazing in Big Meadow is also hard to beat. Hawksbill and Mary's Rock have great views from the top, and Dark Hollow has beautiful falls.
Shenandoah National Park (photo by Caroline, Director of Finance)
16. Yosemite National Park
Located in Yosemite, California
Recommended by Roxanne, Senior Utility Operations Analyst
Yosemite is my favorite national park for a couple different reasons. The waterfalls almost look like they are falling from the sky when you get up close, and on a particularly special day you can magically experience all four seasons. I was present on one of those days as it went from sunny and 80 degrees, to a cool spring/fall 65, then it later started to snow, coating all the trees in a December-like white blanket that looked like an old postcard painting of New England during the holidays.
17. Zion National Park
Located in southern Utah
Recommended by Eileen, Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis
Zion National Park is my hands-down favorite. Hiking through The Narrows was amazing, where you literally hike beside, above, and straight through the river the entire time.
These are just a few of the many awe-inspiring national parks and protected lands throughout our country. Check out the National Parks Service website to discover more incredible destinations for your next trip.
Looking for ways you can do your part to protect our precious natural lands? One of the easiest and most impactful ways you can help protect our planet is by choosing 100% clean, renewable energy from wind and solar sources for your home. Learn more about how you can sign up today to help ensure a better environment for future generations.
Stay in the know
Learn about clean energy, climate tips, special offers, and more
Success! You’ve been added to our mailing list.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/blog

CleanChoice Blog
We want to help you live your greenest life. Whether you’re interested in electric cars, plant-based eating, saving energy, renewables, or more, we’re here to support you every step of the way in your sustainability journey. Check out our articles below.
Recent Press
Recent Podcasts
Stay in the know
Learn about clean energy, climate tips, special offers, and more

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/products/clean-electricity

Choose 100% clean energy—in just 2 minutes
Help us build more solar farms by switching your home to 100% renewable energy.
Switching is easy. And risk free.
Your electricity will continue to be delivered, billed, and serviced by your current utility. You're simply switching your supply to 100% clean energy from CleanChoice Energy—and you can cancel without fees at any time. See how it works in the video below.
Loading...
Change the world without changing your life
You have options. Choose easy, pollution-free energy.
See how the benefits of CleanChoice Energy compare with those of rooftop solar or average utility service.
Join the ripple effect of clean energy
Sign up for 100% renewable energy today to help us:
AS FEATURED IN
Join us in the fight against climate change
We're on a mission to make clean air and renewable energy available to all.
In 2024, our customers had the same environmental impact as planting 19,145,166 trees.*
Frequently asked questions
*Based on EPA greenhouse gas equivalencies.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/cleanchoice-promise

The CleanChoice Promise
At CleanChoice, we’re on a mission to bring clean energy to everyone, everywhere. We're dedicated to helping you make the biggest impact, and in order to do so, we hold ourselves to high standards when it comes to caring for our customers, our people, and the planet. Learn more about how we do this and what you can expect from us in our promises below.
Our Promise to You
When you buy clean energy from CleanChoice, you will only ever get 100% clean, pollution-free energy, from high-quality renewable sources in your region. We take this seriously.
We promise a cleaner future
We promise transparency
Our Promise to the Planet
We envision a world free of catastrophic climate change, and we're committed to doing everything we can to make that vision a reality. We aim to make it as easy as possible for people to make the biggest positive impact on the planet.
We have replenished more than 9.1 billion kWh of 100% pollution-free, clean energy to the grid
That has an environmental impact equivalent to*:
Our Promise to Our People
It takes a team of extraordinary people to build a movement to stop climate change, and we’re committed to creating a workplace where we all feel included and supported to do the most good.
Our guiding principles
Voices of CleanChoice
“We’re committed to supporting a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workforce. Only when we stand together can we overcome catastrophic climate change, for good.”
–Tom Matzzie, CEO and Founder
*Based on EPA Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/careers

Careers
Join the CleanChoice Energy team and discover the rewards of a career that helps make the world a cleaner—and better—place.
Why we love working here
Be a part of our mission-driven culture
Work alongside experts in clean energy, marketing, product, data, technology, entrepreneurship, and other fields to help bring clean energy to everyone, everywhere. And while a job at CleanChoice Energy comes with excitement, challenges, and growth opportunities, it also comes with something more important: the feeling that you're working hard to change the world. After all, we're in this together.
See what our team members have to say about working at CleanChoice
Current job openings
;
Why we’re proud to work here
Loading...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/contact

We’re always here to help.
Call a representative
1-800-218-0798Monday through Friday 8am to 7pm EST
Send us a message
We’d love to hear from you. Send us a message below, and a member of our Customer Care team will get back to you by the end of the next business day.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/news

CleanChoice Blog
We want to help you live your greenest life. Whether you’re interested in electric cars, plant-based eating, saving energy, renewables, or more, we’re here to support you every step of the way in your sustainability journey. Check out our articles below.
Recent Press
Recent Podcasts
Stay in the know
Learn about clean energy, climate tips, special offers, and more

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/lease-your-land

Project Development
Leasing and Project Inquiries
Let your land work for you
CleanChoice Energy is leasing parcels of land greater than 25 acres for solar projects, creating predictable long-term income for our landowner partners. Our projects are quiet and have little impact on your property. Leasing your property for solar energy requires no management or operating expenses on your part and will allow you to maintain ownership of your land for future generations.
Landowner Benefits
Predictable income, not subject to weather and market volatility of many traditional uses
Thoughtful project design and a low impact use for your property
Land will remain in your family for future generations to enjoy
Easy and convenient, you are not responsible for the development or operations of the solar project
Solar can be complimentary to existing uses of your land

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/disclosures

Demonstrating our commitment to 100% wind and solar
Where we source our wind and solar
CleanChoice Energy only supplies 100% clean renewable energy from 50+ wind and solar farms (and growing) in the regions we serve as an Energy Supplier. Unlike most other energy companies, we only source clean wind and solar power. We never buy natural gas, coal, or fossil fuel sources.
Select your state to see how we compare
As an energy supplier, we provide the fuel source and emission data for each state we operate in, so you can make an informed choice about your energy. Each environmental disclosure here is available to download as a PDF.
Environmental Disclosures (PDFs)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/rates/IL

Historical and Future Variable Rates in Commonwealth Edison Co.
This disclosure statement is intended to provide consumers in Illinois with information regarding the historical and future variable rates offered by CleanChoice Energy in Commonwealth Edison Co.. Historical pricing is not indicative of present or future pricing. If you have any questions, please call customer care at 1-800-422-0513.
CleanChoice Energy’s variable rate for January will be 19.00 cents/kWh.
Variable rate for the last 12 months
March 2025: 19.00 cents/kWh
April 2025: 19.00 cents/kWh
May 2025: 19.00 cents/kWh
June 2025: 19.00 cents/kWh
July 2025: 19.00 cents/kWh
August 2025: 19.00 cents/kWh
September 2025: 19.00 cents/kWh
October 2025: 19.00 cents/kWh
Nov 2025: 19.00 cents/kWh
Dec 2025: 19.00 cents/kWh
Jan 2026: 19.00 cents/kWh
Feb 2026: 19.00 cents/kWh
** Most consumers’ energy usage is higher in the summer and winter and lower in the spring and fall. Weather is the single largest factor of how much energy most people use.
CleanChoice Energy is not the same entity as your electric delivery company. You are not required to enroll with CleanChoice Energy. Beginning on January 1, 2026, the electric supply price to compare is 9.66 ¢/kWh. The electric utility electric supply price will expire on May 31, 2026. The utility electric supply price to compare does not include the purchased electricity adjustment factor. For more information go to the Illinois Commerce Commission's free website at www.pluginillinois.org.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/news?filter=press

CleanChoice Blog
We want to help you live your greenest life. Whether you’re interested in electric cars, plant-based eating, saving energy, renewables, or more, we’re here to support you every step of the way in your sustainability journey. Check out our articles below.
Recent Press
Recent Podcasts
Stay in the know
Learn about clean energy, climate tips, special offers, and more

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/news/save-energy-during-winter

How to Save Energy During the Winter
Jan 13, 2026
Taking steps to reduce the amount of energy you use in your home is one of the most important and effective ways you can help protect our environment. During the winter, it’s even more important and yet more difficult, as keeping your home warm can take a lot of energy. Here are some simple ways you can reduce your energy usage during the cold winter months—lowering both your energy bill and your carbon footprint:
1. Be smart with your thermostat
One of the most effective ways you can reduce your energy usage is by managing your thermostat wisely. Don’t use more heat than you need to: adjust your thermostat when you’re out of the house, when you’re on vacation, and even at night to save energy and money.
2. Invest in a smart thermostat
By allowing you to adjust the temperature from your smartphone and automatically self-adjusting based on the current weather, smart thermostats can help you stay warm when you’re home and save energy when you’re not.
3. Only heat necessary places
Try to avoid heating areas of your home that don’t need to be heated (and might not be insulated), such as your garage, attic, basement, or crawlspace.
4. Use rugs to insulate floors
Putting rugs in rooms with hardwood or tile floors can help make the rooms feel warmer, allowing you to keep the thermostat a bit lower.
5. Let sunlight in
Take advantage of the sun’s warming rays. Allow sunlight to naturally warm the rooms that receive direct sunlight during the day.
6. Utilize your blankets and sweatshirts
Getting more comfortable with bundling up inside your home can help you keep the temperature a tad lower. At night, try using an additional blanket on your bed while lowering the temperature by 1–3 degrees to save energy while you sleep.
7. Switch your ceiling fan’s rotation
Since hot air rises, reversing the direction of your ceiling fan’s blades from counterclockwise to clockwise can push warm air back down and help keep your home warmer.
8. Upgrade your insulation
Enhance the insulation of your attic, doors, windows, floors, roof, and walls to help prevent heat from escaping your home. This will help your heating system run more efficiently.
9. Switch to energy-efficient lighting
Did you know that LED bulbs use at least 75% less energy and last 25 times longer than incandescents? Swapping out your incandescent bulbs for LED bulbs can save a ton of energy and money over time. You can also choose LED lights for any holiday lights you use this winter.
10. Turn down your water heater
Water heating accounts for about 18% of the average electricity bill and is typically the second-biggest contributor to your energy usage (behind heating and cooling). Turning down the temperature of your water heater to the warm setting (120°F) can help reduce your energy consumption.
11. Replace your air filters
Replacing dirty air filters with new, clean filters will improve airflow and increase the efficiency of your HVAC system. This simple step could lower your energy consumption by up to 15%!
12. Clean your air ducts and vents
Cleaning out all the dust and dirt that has accumulated makes things easier for both your lungs and your heating system. You’ll save energy and may even increase the system’s lifespan.
13. Seal your air ducts
Leaky air ducts can reduce the efficiency of heating systems by up to 20%. Sealing and insulating ducts can prevent you from wasting a significant amount of energy and money.
14. Seal any air leaks
Caulking, sealing, and weather-stripping cracks and openings around your windows, doors, or any other openings can help keep warm air in and cold air out.
15. Have your HVAC system serviced
Having your HVAC system inspected, cleaned, and serviced at least once a year helps ensure it’s working at maximum efficiency.
16. Switch to Energy Star appliances
Increase your home's energy efficiency by upgrading to an Energy Star-certified refrigerator, dishwasher, or dryer. Check out energystar.gov to find energy-efficient products and rebates.
17. Don’t waste energy while doing the dishes or your laundry
Use cold water to wash your clothes, hang your laundry to dry instead of using the dryer, and turn off the heated drying setting on your dishwasher to save a surprising amount of energy.
18. Make sure you turn off the lights every time you leave a room
Being diligent about this simple habit can add up to a big impact over time. Encourage everyone in your household to do the same to achieve an even greater impact.
19. Unplug and get outside!
Give your electronics a rest, and go play in the snow or enjoy a walk in the crisp winter air. You can always appreciate everything that Mother Nature has to offer, even in the coldest time of the year!
Small steps like these can make a big difference in your home’s energy consumption—helping you save both energy and money. Once you’ve followed these winter energy-saving tips to cut back on your energy usage, make sure the energy you do use comes from clean, green sources. By choosing CleanChoice Energy for your home, you can play a role in fighting climate change and creating a cleaner planet for us all. Learn more about how you can choose 100% clean, renewable energy for your home today!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/news/real-vs-artificial-trees

Real vs. Artificial Trees: Which Are Better for the Planet?
Dec 4, 2025
The holiday season is upon us, and so is the age-old debate of which is the superior Christmas tree option: real trees or fake trees.
While there are clear pros and cons to both, it can be unclear as to which is the better choice from an environmental standpoint. Here are some factors to consider when choosing the most environmentally friendly tree option.
What Is the Environmental Impact of Real Christmas Trees?
Aside from the fresh pine scent, real trees offer many benefits—especially environmental ones. While some people perceive cutting down live trees as a form of deforestation and thus deem it bad for the environment, the opposite is actually true.
The majority of real Christmas trees are grown on tree farms for the sole purpose of being cut down, similar to any other crop. According to the National Christmas Tree Association, farmers typically plant one to three new trees for every tree cut down each year. These trees absorb harmful CO2 and in turn release oxygen into the air, while also providing habitats for wildlife.
Purchasing live trees supports tree farms and allows them to plant new trees each year, which ultimately benefits the environment. In the U.S. alone, there are nearly 350 million trees currently growing on Christmas tree farms. That’s 350 million trees that exist because of the demand for real trees!
If you choose to purchase a real Christmas tree, here are some tips to ensure your purchase is as environmentally friendly as possible:
Buy from a local tree farm to reduce transportation emissions.
Recycle or compost your tree. Live trees can be chopped up and turned into mulch, wood chips, or firewood. Many municipalities offer curbside pickup options or free drop-off locations to recycle your tree and have it turned into mulch. Since real trees are 100% biodegradable, there are plenty of ways to ensure your tree continues to help the planet after the holiday season.
Try purchasing a living Christmas tree in a pot, instead of a cut tree. After the holidays, you can plant it in your yard, or keep it in your garden until next year.
Rent a living Christmas tree. Some companies now offer the option to rent a live Christmas tree, and some even offer delivery! Check to see what’s available in your area before planning your purchase of this year’s real tree.
Look for trees that are “FSC certified.” This means that they are certified by the Forest Stewardship Council and are grown with strict environmental, social, and economic standards.
Reuse your tree stand or pot for as many years as you can. There’s no need to buy a new one every single year! The longer you use it, the smaller its impact will be.
What Is the Environmental Impact of Artificial Christmas Trees?
Artificial trees can be much more convenient than live trees—but they often come with more harmful effects.
Around 85% of fake trees in the U.S. are made overseas—resulting in high transportation emissions.
Additionally, the manufacturing of fake trees requires a lot of energy, which produces greenhouse gas emissions.
One of the worst aspects of fake trees is their eventual home in landfills. Many fake trees are made from PVC, a non-recyclable and environmentally harmful plastic. While a live tree is biodegradable and can be recycled or composted, a fake tree could live in a landfill for hundreds or even thousands of years.
The biggest factor when it comes to the environmental impact of a fake tree is how long you use it for. Studies show that reusing the same artificial tree for five to 20 years (estimates vary) would bring its carbon footprint to the same as a real, cut tree. Most Americans only keep the same artificial tree for six to nine years, but keeping it for closer to 20 years can significantly reduce its environmental impact.
If you decide to invest in a fake Christmas tree, take these steps to minimize the environmental impact of your purchase as much as you can:
Reuse the tree for as many years as you possibly can—ideally up to 20 years or longer!
Buy a tree that was made in the U.S. to reduce the transportation emissions caused by overseas shipping.
Purchase a used tree. Before shopping for a brand-new tree, see if you can find one at a thrift store, on Facebook marketplace, on eBay, or in a Buy Nothing group.
When you’re ready to move on from your artificial tree (hopefully 20 years from now!), give your tree a new home in one of the places listed above, instead of throwing it away and destining it to a lifetime in a landfill.
Real vs. Fake Christmas Trees: Which Are Better for the Environment?
Overall, real trees tend to be less harmful to the environment. Buying local trees and recycling them when finished is key to minimizing their impact. But artificial trees can have a reduced impact if they are made in the U.S. and used for upwards of 20 years.
Whether you choose a real tree or an artificial tree, there’s one step you can take this year to make a huge positive impact on our planet: choosing 100% clean, renewable energy for your home.
Signing up takes just two minutes, but you’ll create a lasting impact on our environment. This holiday season, give yourself and your loved ones the gift of a cleaner planet!
Stay in the know
Learn about clean energy, climate tips, special offers, and more

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/news/environmental-organizations-to-support

20 Environmental Organizations to Support
Oct 29, 2025
Fighting climate change is one of the most important issues of our lifetimes, and we can’t do it alone. Luckily, there are so many great organizations across the country working hard every day to protect our planet. Here are 20 environmental organizations that fight tirelessly for our environment, a clean energy future, and climate justice for all:
1. 350.org
350.org works to accelerate the renewable energy transition and keep fossil fuels in the ground. Through their global network of activists, as well as campaigns at the local and national levels all around the world, they have trained thousands of people to become climate leaders in their own communities.
2. Arbor Day Foundation
Arbor Day Foundation has planted and protected more than 500 million trees in neighborhoods, communities, cities, and forests around the world. They champion trees as a solution to many global issues, including air quality, climate change, poverty, and hunger. Founded in 1972, they are the largest nonprofit membership organization dedicated to planting trees.
Photo courtesy of Arbor Day Foundation
3. Clean Water Action
Since their founding in 1972 during the campaign to pass the landmark Clean Water Act, Clean Water Action has worked to protect America’s waterways and communities from harmful pollutants and ensure clean water for all by organizing grassroots efforts across the country.
4. Climate Reality Project
The Climate Reality Project, led by Former Vice President Al Gore, trains and mobilizes grassroots climate activists around the world to be leaders in the fight against climate change and the fight for clean energy and environmental justice for all.
5. Defenders of Wildlife
Defenders of Wildlife is a leading advocate in North America for protecting all native animals and plants in their natural habitats for generations to come.
Photo courtesy of Defenders of Wildlife
6. Earth Day Network
Earth Day Network is “the world’s largest recruiter to the environmental movement,” working in 192 countries and with more than 150,000 partners to mobilize the environmental movement through education, public policy, civic engagement, and activism.
7. Earth Guardians
Earth Guardians trains and empowers youth, especially youth in marginalized communities, to lead the environmental and climate justice movements, through on-the-ground projects, civic engagement, community building, and even creative projects like art and music.
8. Earthjustice
Earthjustice is a nonprofit public interest environmental law organization with more than 200 full-time lawyers. They represent more than a thousand clients (from widely recognized organizations to one-stoplight communities) in their fight for clean air, clean water, clean energy, and our climate future—all at no cost to their clients.
9. Earthworks
Earthworks protects and supports communities facing the adverse impacts of fossil fuel extraction (such as mining, drilling, and fracking)—which are disproportionately low-income communities of color—and fights for cleaner air, water, communities, and energy for all.
10. Footprint Project
Footprint Project assists in disaster response by providing emergency clean power (including mobile solar and battery storage) to areas that have lost power after natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, and earthquakes.
Photo courtesy of Footprint Project
10. Green America
Green America mobilizes consumers, businesses, investors, and workers to help build a green economy and promote social justice and environmental sustainability.
11. Indigenous Environmental Network
Indigenous Environmental Network is a grassroots network of Indigenous peoples throughout North America fighting for environmental justice & healthy communities.
12. League of Conservation Voters
League of Conservation Voters drives environmental progress by championing pro-environment laws, policies, and candidates and holding politicians accountable.
13. Mothers Out Front
Mothers Out Front is a coalition of mothers and other caregivers who are working to ensure a clean, livable future for all by organizing campaigns at the national, state, and local levels.
Photo courtesy of Mothers Out Front
14. The National Park Foundation
The National Park Foundation is the official charitable partner of the National Park Service and works to protect more than 400 national parks and preserve 85 million acres of landscapes, ecosystems, and historical sites.
15. The Nature Conservancy
The Nature Conservancy is a global conservation organization that has worked since 1950 to create innovative, science-backed solutions to tackle climate change and conserve our lands and water.
16. Outdoor Afro
Outdoor Afro celebrates and inspires connections and leadership of Black Americans in nature and works towards inclusion in outdoor recreation, nature, and conservation.
Photo courtesy of Outdoor Afro
18. The Sierra Club Foundation
The Sierra Club Foundation, the fiscal sponsor of the Sierra Club’s charitable programs, aims to solve the climate crisis through a clean energy economy, secure protections for public lands and waters, get people outdoors, and build a diverse and inclusive environmental movement.
19. The Solutions Project
The Solutions Project funds and amplifies grassroots climate justice solutions created by organizations that are on the frontlines of the climate crisis, with a particular emphasis on organizations whose leaders are Black, Indigenous, People of Color (BIPOC), immigrants, or women/nonbinary.
20. WE ACT for Environmental Justice
WE ACT for Environmental Justice is a Harlem-based organization that works to combat environmental racism and build healthy communities by mobilizing low-income communities of color and amplifying their voices.
Donating to any of these organizations is a great way to protect our environment, our wildlife, our climate, and our communities for future generations.
Looking for more ways you can make a positive impact? One of the easiest and most impactful ways you can help protect our planet is by choosing 100% clean, renewable energy from wind and solar sources for your home. Learn more about how you can sign up today and help create a better environment for future generations.
Stay in the know
Learn about clean energy, climate tips, special offers, and more

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanchoiceenergy.com/clean-electricity-old

Clean electricity for a cleaner world
Choose 100% renewable wind and solar energy for your home today—in just 2 minutes.
AS FEATURED IN
You have the power to choose the cleaner option
Right now, the electricity that comes to your home likely includes fossil fuels such as gas and coal, which pollute our environment. But by choosing 100% clean energy, you can help improve the air we breathe and the world we share.
Natural Gas
47 %
Nuclear
33 %
Wind/Solar/Hydro
10 %
Coal
9 %
Other
1 %
Wind/Solar/Hydro
100 %
Natural Gas
0 %
Nuclear
0 %
Coal
0 %
Other
0 %
We're not a utility company.
We're a clean energy supplier.
CleanChoice Energy both builds clean energy projects and supplies 100% renewable energy. When you choose us as your electricity supplier, we'll ensure all the energy you use is replenished on the grid with 100% renewable energy from wind and solar farms in your region.
Your utility company stays the same. They will still maintain your lines and provide your bill. No service calls, equipment, or installation are needed—you'll simply see a line on your electric bill that says your “Supplier” is CleanChoice Energy.
Simple, right?
Change the world without changing your life
You can make a positive impact on the planet—every time you flip on your light switch.
An easy way to get clean energy
An easy way to get clean energy
Zero commitments
Zero commitments
Small effort, big impact
Small effort, big impact
A feel-good choice
A feel-good choice
Join us in the fight against climate change
We’re on a mission to make clean air and renewable energy available to all.
In 2023, our customers had the same environmental impact as planting29,758,851 trees
Frequently asked questions
See what others have to say about CleanChoice Energy
Create a lasting impact in just 2 minutes
Making the switch to clean energy isn't just one of the most impactful ways you can help the environment—it's also one of the easiest. Sign up today to help ensure a better tomorrow.
Let's keep in touch
Unlock special offers, sun-sational content, and more
Success! You’ve been added to our mailing list.
1 Typical default utility energy mix for customers in states eligible for CleanChoice Energy clean electricity service. Aggregate default utility for: DE, IL, MA, MD, NJ, NY, OH, PA, Washington DC. Not all customers in these areas are eligible. Source: www.eia.gov. CleanChoice Energy has high standards for defining "clean" energy, which includes energy generated from solar, wind, and hydro sources. While nuclear does not emit greenhouse gasses, generation from these sources have other negative environmental consequences.
2 Based on EPA greenhouse gas equivalencies.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------