ROOT: https://empower-solar.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:02:09.445061Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 23

================================================================================

URL: https://empower-solar.com/

SERVING LONG ISLAND + THE GREATER NYC AREA
Save $3,300 every year
Gain year-round savings and reliable power with solar + battery
- Use your solar power 24/7
- Capture greater savings
- Gain energy independence
OUR SOLUTIONS
Superior Technology
Solar panels
We’ve partnered with Maxeon to bring you the best solar panel tech. With unmatched durability & efficiency, these sleek panels are made to keep performing for the long haul.
Solar batteries
Gain energy independence and protect against outages with a battery backup. We work with Tesla to help you own your energy and reduce reliance on the grid.
EV charging
Charging an EV costs about 3X less than fueling a car. You can cut those costs in half again by charging with solar. We’ll help get you up and running so you can start saving.
TOTAL ELECTRIFICATION EXPERTS
Electrify your life and maximize your savings.
Imagine a home powered by clean energy, with lower bills and year-round comfort. Through in-house expertise and an extensive partner network, we'll guide the way. Package solar, batteries, and EV charging to get started.
WHY EMPOWER SOLAR?
Setting the standard in solar.
FLEXIBLE FINANCING
Financing that works for you.
You’re in control. Whether you lease, finance or purchase, we’ll make sure you save big.
- Zero-Down Options
- Predictable, Affordable Payments
- Protect Against Inflation
GOING SOLAR WITH EMPOWER
Get it all, in one place.
CUSTOMER FOCUS
- Custom Solar System Design
- Thorough Roof Assessment
- Dedicated In-House Teams
- Expert Installation
- System Lifetime Service
ALL-IN-ONE SYSTEM
- Maxeon Solar Panels
- Power Inverters
- InvisiMount Racking
- Pest Guard
- Monitoring App
TOTAL PROTECTION
- Industry-Leading Warranty
- 25 Year Power Output Protection
- 25 Year Panel Coverage
- 25 Year Workmanship Coverage
- 15 Year Equipment Coverage
WORLD-CLASS SUPPORT
Service that goes above and beyond.
From permitting to installation and beyond, we’re here to make going solar easy, even after the job is completed.
- Fast Response Time by Local Support Team
- 20+ Years of Solar Service Experience
- Industry-Leading Service Satisfaction Rate
Special thanks to Scott who made things easy and clear, and didn't disappear once the work was done. He checked back to see how we were doing well after the panels were installed. You don't see that in every business.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/services/

HOW CAN WE HELP?
From batteries to EV chargers to system upgrades, we've got you covered.
Whether you have an urgent need or simple request, we’ll help keep your system running like new.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/es/services/

¿CÓMO PODEMOS AYUDAR?
Desde baterías hasta cargadores de vehículos eléctricos y actualizaciones de sistemas, lo tenemos cubierto.
Ya sea que tenga una necesidad urgente o una simple solicitud, lo ayudaremos a mantener su sistema funcionando como nuevo.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/home-solar/

Understanding Your Options
Harness the power of the sun for a cleaner, greener life.
Harness the power of the sun for a cleaner, greener life.
Our in-house design team will consider your home’s average electricity usage, roof space and orientation, and shading from trees and buildings for your custom system design. We also provide several options to bring clean energy to your home, whether that’s financing, leasing, or purchasing.
Learn MoreInstallation
Submit a photo of your recent electricity bill for our solar experts to review. By looking at your current usage, and any future plans for an electric vehicle, a new hot tub, or a backup battery, we design and plan your new custom solar system.
Our team of technicians will coordinate an assessment of your property. In many cases, we can quickly, safely, and thoroughly conduct assessments by drone, collecting accurate measurements and information about the surrounding areas. In some cases, our team will need to conduct an in-person evaluation of your roof structure and work with you to plan the location of your new backup batteries.
We have a dedicated permitting department who works directly with your town’s local building department to obtain the necessary construction permits for your project. We submit the engineering plans and manage all the paperwork for you!
After the permit is approved, we are ready to schedule a date for your installation! Our project management team works with you to select a day to begin installing on your property. They’ll remain in close communication the entire time in case extreme weather conditions cause safety concerns and unforeseen changes.
Your dedicated Site Foreman will lead the team of solar installers who will first install the racking system to the roof or ground, then attach and connect the solar panels to your external meter and interior electrical panel. Next they will mount backup batteries and electric vehicle chargers. And last but not least, give you a formal introduction to your new solar energy system.
After your equipment is in place, we will schedule a final inspection of the property by your local jurisdiction to close out your building permit. Depending on your region, your local utility provider may require an additional inspection to finalize integration of your solar energy system with the local power grid.
Your system is up and running, producing solar energy and storing it in your backup batteries for an emergency. You are connected to the net metering system so that you build up energy credits when your system over produces energy and utilizes the credits during periods of bad weather or nightfall. You are monitoring everything on your mobile app and are in control of your own energy!
Choosing a solar installer for your home is an important decision. It’s critical to select a contractor with a strong track record, certified by industry agencies like NABCEP, and that offers comprehensive warranties. A reputable installer will also take care to appropriately size your solar system to match your home’s energy needs, and educate you on the tax credits and incentives available to make your investment more affordable.
Learn MoreWe only use the most efficient solar panels on the market, which produce 60% more energy than conventional panels and enable us to outfit your home with an unparalleled solar system. From the day that your system goes live, you can have complete confidence in its performance, reliability, and value for years to come.
Learn MoreKeep your home powered through blackouts by adding battery storage to your solar system. The Tesla Powerwall stores solar energy, detects outages, and automatically switches to be your main power source when the grid goes down. The energy stored in your Powerwall can also be used when you need it most, like during blizzards, tropical storms, and other grid-damaging weather events.
Learn MorePower up without leaving your driveway. By pairing your solar panels with a home car charging station you can fully fuel your electric vehicle within hours and pay as low as 8 cents/kWh. Most of our customers save upwards of $1,000 a year just by charging their electric vehicles with solar.
Learn MoreOur Work
We’d love to power the whole world with solar, but we’ll be honest if your home isn’t ideal for solar panels. Luckily, community solar is available in our region. Also known as shared solar, or community distributed generation (CDG), this program grants you access to clean energy from a central solar array to offset your utility bill.
Individual energy needs, available roof space, roof orientation, and shading all factor in to determining if your home is suitable for solar. In 60 seconds or less, our solar experts can help you determine your home’s eligibility. Call 516-837-3459 or email us.
When the power goes out in your home, the solar panels will stop working and automatically disconnect from the grid to maintain the safety of the utility workers attempting to restore power. Once the power is restored, your system will continue production after a few minutes.
If it is important for you to maintain power during a blackout, we recommend adding battery storage to your system. With battery storage, your system will disconnect from the grid during an outage and switch over to using the energy in your batteries, allowing your panels to continue production and keep your home powered.
Roof integrity is our first priority. In order to approve your home’s ability to go solar, we carefully inspect your roof and grade it based on age, layers, condition, and a physical stress test. On installation day, we use a thoroughly tested product, similar to materials used on skylights, to prevent your roof from leaks.
We also include a squirrel guard, which is installed around your panels to keep animals from nesting beneath them and causing any degradation to your system. Our guards are constructed from a dark coated metal wire mesh, which is not typically visible from street-level and helps maintain the aesthetics of your home.
If you purchased your system it could add 4% or more to the value of your home. According to Zillow, New York homes sold for an average of $23,989 more! If you financed or leased your system you can either pay it off early or transfer the loan or lease to the new homeowner.
Net metering is a program offered by some utilities, like ConEd and PSEG, that allows grid users to send unused electricity to the grid, then reclaim that energy when they need it, such as during the night or in the winter.
Net metering uses a crediting system in which you earn energy credits for excess solar that you send to the grid, and your meter will “spin backwards”. Once a month, your utility company will review the energy that you use from the grid, and if there are any credits in your energy bank they will be shown on your bill and can be carried over to the next month. Many homes generate extra credits in the spring and summer, which can be stored in your energy bank and used to cover your bills through the winter months when your system does not produce as much energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/home-solar/solar-panel-cost/

“I was presented with information clearly and concisely, with prices made obvious from day one. I cannot recommend them enough. I had received quotes from four companies before meeting with EmPower. For price, system warranty, and ease of accessing people, EmPower beat the other three companies easily.”
– Rick Verified Customer
Solar panels are an increasingly popular choice for homeowners in New York due to their cost savings over time. The cost of solar panels varies based on system size, equipment type, and installation factors. In New York, the average cost of a solar panel system ranges from around $30,000 to $50,000 before tax credits. The cost-per-watt in New York averages around $3.20, and is a valuable metric for comparing system sizes and types.
Our in-house design team will consider several key factors in order to design and size your custom solar panel system, which ultimately determines the final cost for solar panels and installation.
Solar incentives in New York further reduce the cost of going solar. These include the federal solar tax credit, which allows for a 30% deduction of the total system cost from your taxes, as well as a $5,000 New York State Solar Energy System Equipment Credit.
When considering solar panels, it’s important to factor in the long-term savings alongside the initial investment. In New York, a typical 10 kW solar system can save homeowners more than $100,000 in electricity costs over its lifetime. When paired with $0 down financing options, the decreasing cost of solar equipment plus rising electricity rates, make solar energy an increasingly cost-effective choice.
The amount of electricity that you use on a daily basis affects how much power your home solar system will need to produce. The average home on Long Island or in NYC spends $250 a month on electricity. If your home uses more than $500 worth of electricity every month, we’ll design a larger system to match.
A larger roof will provide more space for solar panels, and a south-facing roof will produce more electricity than if it were facing east or west, and will require fewer panels to produce the same amount of energy.
Shade from nearby trees and buildings can affect the amount of sunlight hitting your roof, affecting the amount of energy your solar panels are able to produce. If your roof is heavily shaded you may require additional solar panels to produce enough energy.
Most solar panels range from 400-440 watts per panel. We offer 350, 400, 415, 435, 435, and 440 watt high-efficiency solar panels. A higher wattage panel will produce more energy.
There are several incentives available to New Yorkers to help you go solar. Between the 30% federal tax credit, a $5,000 credit from New York state, and other local offers, these could cover 50% or more of your total solar system cost! It's important to understand your eligibility for these credits, so we recommend consulting with a tax professional.
When determining how to finance your solar panel system, you should consider income, credit score, and lifetime value of the system. We offer a variety of options to ensure that we provide the best solution for you.
By financing your system, you can switch to solar for $0 down. Partner with one of our select financing providers for a low-interest loan with term options between 5 and 15 years.
$10,000 – $25,000 final cost
$0 down
20% – 30%
You
Between 5 and 25 years
Fixed low payments
Up to $5,000 NYS Tax Credit 30% Federal Tax Credit
Yes
Yes
Yes
Own your solar panel system and appreciate significant lifetime savings with a return on investment between 4 and 7 years.
$10,000 – $25,000 final cost
In-Full
100%
You
None
None
Up to $5,000 NYS Tax Credit 30% Federal Tax Credit
Yes
Yes
Yes
A 25-year lease is a budget-friendly option for those looking to benefit from solar energy and maximize their upfront savings.
N/A
$0 down
20% – 30%
SunPower, with option to buy
25 years
Predictable low payments
Up to $5,000 NYS tax credit
Yes
Yes
Yes
In New York, the cost of solar projects is typically between $30,000 and $50,000 depending on preference and energy needs. Cost varies based on regional incentives, system size, aesthetic preferences, energy needs, and local codes, among other factors.
A solar system will pay for itself in just 4-7 years if the homeowner purchases them with cash. A homeowner who finances or leases their system can expect immediate savings and upwards of $100,000 over the life of their system.
The federal government, NYS, and NYC all have unique incentives available to go solar. For most of our clients, the incentives can cover up to 50% or more of the total system cost.
We’re here to inform you of all your options. We’ll explain the ins and outs of each payment method and provide guidance as you decide what’s best for you!
The short answer? Yes. In fact, New York ranks in the top 10 states for installed solar capacity. Based on the average cost of NY utilities, a typical solar power system will pay for itself in approximately seven years. New York residents who install rooftop solar panels also qualify for the federal Renewable Energy tax credit, equal to 30%, as well as the New York State solar tax credit, which is 25% of the cost of your system up to $5,000.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/home-solar/

Understanding Your Options
Harness the power of the sun for a cleaner, greener life.
Harness the power of the sun for a cleaner, greener life.
Our in-house design team will consider your home’s average electricity usage, roof space and orientation, and shading from trees and buildings for your custom system design. We also provide several options to bring clean energy to your home, whether that’s financing, leasing, or purchasing.
Learn MoreInstallation
Submit a photo of your recent electricity bill for our solar experts to review. By looking at your current usage, and any future plans for an electric vehicle, a new hot tub, or a backup battery, we design and plan your new custom solar system.
Our team of technicians will coordinate an assessment of your property. In many cases, we can quickly, safely, and thoroughly conduct assessments by drone, collecting accurate measurements and information about the surrounding areas. In some cases, our team will need to conduct an in-person evaluation of your roof structure and work with you to plan the location of your new backup batteries.
We have a dedicated permitting department who works directly with your town’s local building department to obtain the necessary construction permits for your project. We submit the engineering plans and manage all the paperwork for you!
After the permit is approved, we are ready to schedule a date for your installation! Our project management team works with you to select a day to begin installing on your property. They’ll remain in close communication the entire time in case extreme weather conditions cause safety concerns and unforeseen changes.
Your dedicated Site Foreman will lead the team of solar installers who will first install the racking system to the roof or ground, then attach and connect the solar panels to your external meter and interior electrical panel. Next they will mount backup batteries and electric vehicle chargers. And last but not least, give you a formal introduction to your new solar energy system.
After your equipment is in place, we will schedule a final inspection of the property by your local jurisdiction to close out your building permit. Depending on your region, your local utility provider may require an additional inspection to finalize integration of your solar energy system with the local power grid.
Your system is up and running, producing solar energy and storing it in your backup batteries for an emergency. You are connected to the net metering system so that you build up energy credits when your system over produces energy and utilizes the credits during periods of bad weather or nightfall. You are monitoring everything on your mobile app and are in control of your own energy!
Choosing a solar installer for your home is an important decision. It’s critical to select a contractor with a strong track record, certified by industry agencies like NABCEP, and that offers comprehensive warranties. A reputable installer will also take care to appropriately size your solar system to match your home’s energy needs, and educate you on the tax credits and incentives available to make your investment more affordable.
Learn MoreWe only use the most efficient solar panels on the market, which produce 60% more energy than conventional panels and enable us to outfit your home with an unparalleled solar system. From the day that your system goes live, you can have complete confidence in its performance, reliability, and value for years to come.
Learn MoreKeep your home powered through blackouts by adding battery storage to your solar system. The Tesla Powerwall stores solar energy, detects outages, and automatically switches to be your main power source when the grid goes down. The energy stored in your Powerwall can also be used when you need it most, like during blizzards, tropical storms, and other grid-damaging weather events.
Learn MorePower up without leaving your driveway. By pairing your solar panels with a home car charging station you can fully fuel your electric vehicle within hours and pay as low as 8 cents/kWh. Most of our customers save upwards of $1,000 a year just by charging their electric vehicles with solar.
Learn MoreOur Work
We’d love to power the whole world with solar, but we’ll be honest if your home isn’t ideal for solar panels. Luckily, community solar is available in our region. Also known as shared solar, or community distributed generation (CDG), this program grants you access to clean energy from a central solar array to offset your utility bill.
Individual energy needs, available roof space, roof orientation, and shading all factor in to determining if your home is suitable for solar. In 60 seconds or less, our solar experts can help you determine your home’s eligibility. Call 516-837-3459 or email us.
When the power goes out in your home, the solar panels will stop working and automatically disconnect from the grid to maintain the safety of the utility workers attempting to restore power. Once the power is restored, your system will continue production after a few minutes.
If it is important for you to maintain power during a blackout, we recommend adding battery storage to your system. With battery storage, your system will disconnect from the grid during an outage and switch over to using the energy in your batteries, allowing your panels to continue production and keep your home powered.
Roof integrity is our first priority. In order to approve your home’s ability to go solar, we carefully inspect your roof and grade it based on age, layers, condition, and a physical stress test. On installation day, we use a thoroughly tested product, similar to materials used on skylights, to prevent your roof from leaks.
We also include a squirrel guard, which is installed around your panels to keep animals from nesting beneath them and causing any degradation to your system. Our guards are constructed from a dark coated metal wire mesh, which is not typically visible from street-level and helps maintain the aesthetics of your home.
If you purchased your system it could add 4% or more to the value of your home. According to Zillow, New York homes sold for an average of $23,989 more! If you financed or leased your system you can either pay it off early or transfer the loan or lease to the new homeowner.
Net metering is a program offered by some utilities, like ConEd and PSEG, that allows grid users to send unused electricity to the grid, then reclaim that energy when they need it, such as during the night or in the winter.
Net metering uses a crediting system in which you earn energy credits for excess solar that you send to the grid, and your meter will “spin backwards”. Once a month, your utility company will review the energy that you use from the grid, and if there are any credits in your energy bank they will be shown on your bill and can be carried over to the next month. Many homes generate extra credits in the spring and summer, which can be stored in your energy bank and used to cover your bills through the winter months when your system does not produce as much energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/our-work/

Home
We carefully balance aesthetics with efficiency to create beautiful home solar systems that produce maximum savings.
View GalleryWe carefully balance aesthetics with efficiency to create beautiful home solar systems that produce maximum savings.
View GalleryMonetize your property and power your bottom line with a powerful commercial solar array plus battery storage.
View GalleryCreate a new income stream while helping the community benefit from clean energy through community solar.
View GalleryWhat they're saying
If you are going solar, I highly recommend EmPower Solar as they are a very professional and exceptional company. I was kept informed throughout the whole process.
I am thrilled to be up and running. The install team was fantastic – really, I cannot say enough about how accommodating and nice the install team was to me and my family.
I really just always thought there was a catch, like it was too good to be true, and there just wasn’t. Everything has really been exactly how EmPower said it was going to be, and whenever I had...
EmPower just finished installing my system yesterday. They were clean, efficient, and knowledgeable. I am extremely happy with the work that was done. From the very first phone call until they left yesterday, their entire crew from start...
EmPower is the way to go. They installed my 13.5 kW system May 2013 and has exceeded my expectations. I have been producing more power than I consume every month with the exception of last February because of...
My wife and I were extremely happy with the entire crew. They were professional, courteous, knowledgeable, and all around pleasant to have at our home. We've had many contractors perform numerous jobs at our home over the past...
Tim and the guys were great! We felt so bad for them since they had to work on our roof on such a cold and windy day. And yet, the install was a breeze and I always appreciate...
I picked EmPower because when my friend’s house was trashed during Sandy, I was there working with him when EmPower showed up without being called and made sure the system was safe. I saw EmPower’s commitment first hand...
Long after the install was all completed they still monitor and get involved with our operation answering any and all questions put before them. They blended into our facility and operation perfectly. From conception to completion, it was...
I just wanted to thank the crew for doing a very professional job at my residence last week. They should all be commended. The basement was left cleaner than it was when they started. Every day the outside...
You guys are killing me with this system - March to April - I have to pay $5.19 and I banked 63 hours - looks like now till June 25th I'll be banking hours each month - which...
I have had a great experience with EmPower. I'm referring you to all my friends!
It's been a year since you guys put the panels on my house and I still can't believe you guys completed the job on New Year's Eve. You really did work hard to complete it for me in...
Got the first LIPA bill, I think the panels are working! Last year, same time, I used almost 2800 kWh, this year 1100 kWh. Just thought I would let you know how pleased we are with the work...
Ever since our first contact, you have been nothing but gracious, helpful, and extremely competent in all you have done for us. You have been incredibly easy to work with. So much so, that I actually look forward...
I have to say, everyone I've dealt with during this project, starting with Ed Olsen, was nice, courteous, and professional. Thank you for all your efforts. Anybody who stops and inquires about the panels, I recommend they call...
Thank you EmPower!! You really went above and beyond for us. Our bills went from $250 monthly to $10 -- what an unbelievable investment. Now our son can reap the benefits. Thank you for treating us like family!
I received my first LIPA bill since the installation of the net meter, it's $6.14 for the meter charge. The system should only cover 2/3 of my usage but I have a net of approximately 200 kWh in...
The crew you sent was the best. They were professional, neat, and worked so fast. I could see that they clearly enjoy what they are doing. Having people that care about what they do is the best asset...
The installation went smooth from start to finish despite Hurricane Sandy hitting prior to installation. The crew worked hard to successfully get us in before the end of the year.
Dylan was fantastic, he was informative without pressuring me at all. [And] the service was even better AFTER I signed the contract. Everyone from the site inspector to Mike Pagonis (the PM) to the installers were professional, courteous,...
I would like to complement you and your crew for an excellent job considering the freezing temperatures and early taste of winter snow. I have to say that Jamal and the rest of the crew were extremely professional...
We're now able to monitor our solar power system online, LIPA installed the digital meter, and we received the LIPA bill. Our current charges are $65 and we have a Power Supply Credit of $68! We made more...
We cannot say enough GREAT things about the entire EmPower organization. They are WONDERFUL! The fellas who did the installation did an outstanding job. They had to work during TERRIBLE weather, but they managed to get the work...
Your crew was UNBELIEVABLE. They pitched a perfect game. Each person was polite, hard working, talented, not at all intrusive, clean (left our yard cleaner that it was to begin with), and so very productive and efficient. One...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/home-solar/solar-panels/

How Do Solar Panels Work?
How Do Solar Panels Work?
Solar panels convert sunlight into electricity, providing a sustainable and reliable energy source. Energy produced by your solar system first powers your home, with excess unused energy sent to the grid for use by other homes. When paired with a battery, you can bank that energy for later use. Harness the power of the sun to reduce your energy costs and contribute to a cleaner planet.
With the most durable, highest-efficiency panels and the industry’s longest, most comprehensive warranty, Maxeon consistently outranks the competition.
Maxeon solar panels are backed by a 40-year power output warranty–the highest level of protection available. Their comprehensive warranty also covers equipment and labor for 40 years. That’s 60% longer than the industry’s standard 25-year warranty. Feel confident in knowing that your investment will deliver exceptional performance for nearly half a century.
Since 2003, EmPower Solar has been the preferred solar company of more than 3,500 New Yorkers, earning industry-leading awards and ratings.
We’re the first to admit that solar isn’t right for every home–but it is for many. Below are a few considerations for determining if your roof would make a good home for solar.
In New York City and on Long Island, a typical 10 kW solar system can save homeowners more than $100,000 over its lifetime, with those savings amplified with the addition of a battery. Discover significant savings when you book a pressure-free consultation.
Book a free consultationWhile traditional solar panels have a typical lifespan of 25-30 years, Maxeon’s high-quality solar panels are predicted to have a useful life of more than 40 years.
Yes! It’s a common misconception that solar panel systems do not work well in the winter, when in actuality cooler temperatures enhance efficiency and increase the amount of electricity produced.
Solar panels are very low maintenance. On Long Island and in New York City, natural rainfall does a great job of keeping panels clear of any dirt or debris.
Homeowners in New York City and on Long Island can expect to save upwards of $100,000 over the course of their solar panel system’s lifetime. Those savings can be amplified with the addition of a battery, like the Tesla Powerwall.
According to recent research completed by Zillow, leading real estate marketplace, potential homeowners are willing to pay extra for home improvements, including energy upgrades. In New York, those looking to buy a new home will pay a 3.6% premium for a home with solar panels.
When determining how to finance your solar panel system, you should consider income, credit score, and lifetime value of the system. A reputable solar panel installation company will provide a variety of options and consult with you to determine your best option.
Solar panels do not produce energy when the sun isn’t shining. Luckily, in New York City and on Long Island, if you produce more than you use the excess energy is used to offset days when the sun isn’t shining.
When the power goes out in your home, the solar panels will stop working and automatically disconnect from the grid to maintain the safety of the utility workers attempting to restore power. Once the power is restored, your system will continue production after a few minutes. If it is important for you to maintain power during a blackout, we recommend adding one or more Tesla Powerwall home batteries to your system.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/backup-power-solutions/

Reliable, renewable
energy—
day or night.
BATTERY BACKUP + STORAGE
Power + Efficiency
Get uninterrupted power and maximum efficiency EmPower Solar's home battery backup system. The Tesla Powerwall provides greater energy independence, ensures reliable home energy during outages, and helps you save more. With a focus on sustainable energy independence, our systems are designed for durability and are supported by comprehensive warranties.
QUIZ
Is a solar battery worth it for me?
A home battery system can protect against power outages and rising energy costs. But is it right for you? Our personalized quiz assesses your energy habits and preferences to help you determine if a battery would be a smart investment for your home.
The Tesla Powerwall 3 is here
Available for new solar installations and existing solar enhancements, this revolutionary technology offers
- Whole home backup with a single unit for most homes
- Durable exterior and extreme weather protection
- Maximum value of your stored energy
- Real-time data access for monitoring + consumption control
GAIN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE
Save solar for when the sun isn’t shining
Store the electricity your panels generate and for use whenever you need. Access sustainable energy, anytime, for greater freedom from rising energy costs.
- Reduce reliance on the grid
- Store excess solar energy
- Use your stored power 24/7
PROTECT AGAINST OUTAGES
Blackouts?
No big deal
Keep the lights on and the fridge running with reliable, uninterrupted power! With a battery backup, outages are a minor inconvenience. Tesla’s Powerwall takes over automatically to keep your essentials up and running. No noisy generators necessary.
SAVE ON ELECTRICITY
Take advantage of time-of-day rates and save more
Automatically charge your battery when rates are low and send excess energy back to the grid during peak rate times to maximize long-term savings.
Tesla Certified
Premier Installer
We’re proud to be a Tesla Powerwall Premier Installer. This seal of approval from Tesla recognizes our commitment to quality workmanship and expert knowledge of Powerwall installation.
TESLA POWERWALL
Partnering with Tesla to bring you the best.
-
Seamless Solar Integration Tesla solar batteries integrate seamlessly with your solar system. Any excess energy your panels produce is stored, so you can use solar whenever you choose.
-
Automatic Backup Power The Tesla Powerwall detects outages and restores power automatically. When the sun comes up, your Powerwall will recharge to keep you going indefinitely.
-
Control Where Your Power Goes Tesla’s app lets you monitor and control how your power is used. Strategically choose how your power is used to meet your unique needs during an outage
Get Extra Incentives
More storage means more savings. By pairing batteries with solar,
you’ll make the most of these limited-time incentives.
NYSERDA REBATE
$250 per kWh of storage*
3,375
rebate
6,250
rebate
6,250
rebate
FEDERAL TAX CREDIT
30% Tax Credit
Upto
$4,267
Upto
$6,105
Upto
$9,030
*NYSERDA rebate capped at $6,250 and available to Long Island customers only.
Figures based on solar + storage system for Long Island home. Incentives for battery-only systems or solar + storage in Westchester may vary.
FAQs
Yes! By adding a Tesla solar battery backup system to your home, you can potentially save money on your power bill. Since the Tesla Powerwall charges with your solar panel system, having a solar battery backup can help you achieve greater savings.
The Tesla Powerwall is warrantied for 10 years with a guarantee that the battery will retain 70% of its capacity by year 10. Battery life is influenced by the number of times it is charged and discharged, which is known as a cycle. Therefore, when used for backup only and not regularly cycling, battery capacity is expected to be stronger than 70%.
Solar battery backup systems, like the Tesla Powerwall, can power large appliances for a short period of time, or small appliances for a long period of time. For example, without recharging from solar, one Powerwall can power 20 LED lights for two days or one refrigerator for six days.
Like solar panels, the number of Tesla Powerwall home batteries that you will need will depend on your home’s needs and usage. While one Tesla battery is sufficient to cover your basic energy needs, we generally recommend two or three battery back up systems to provide the best comfort and value.
Yes! While solar and batteries work best together, maximizing efficiency and savings, you can install a battery backup by itself. The installation of a standalone batteries can also qualify for the 30% federal tax credit.
Similar to a solar inverter, batteries are ideally located near the main electrical service panel. Our team will work with you to determine the best location. Indoor installation is always preferred, however they cannot be located in a living space or on a wall opposite a bedroom. In some cases, they can be installed outdoors, however an enclosure may be required.
Battery systems are designed to operate safely both indoors and outdoors, and do not pose any environmental threat during standard operation. We recommend that you exercise the same precautions that you would take with other electrical utility equipment.
When the power goes out in your home, the solar panels will stop working and automatically disconnect from the grid to maintain the safety of the utility workers attempting to restore power. Once the power is restored, your system will continue production after a few minutes. If it is important for you to maintain power during a blackout, we recommend adding one or more Tesla Powerwall home batteries to your system.
The battery inverter may make a faint humming noise, but should not be disruptive or even noticeable. Solar batteries are significantly quieter than other solutions, like generators.
One Powerwall can provide 13.5 kilowatt hours (kWh) per charge. The Powerwall 2 will discharge 5 kW continuously and the Powerwall 3 will discharge 11 kW until that 13.5 kWh is used.
When the sun is out, your home’s solar system collects that solar energy, which it then uses to directly power your home. If you don’t have immediate energy needs matching the amount of energy stored, that excess energy can be saved in your Tesla home battery for later use instead of sending it back to the power grid.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/electric-vehicles/

Revolutionize your EV charging
Integrating solar power with EV charging systems offers an eco-friendly and cost-effective solution to power electric vehicles at home. Driving an EV and charging at home charging also reduces reliance on fossil fuels, and the cost of installing a solar EV charging station can be offset by savings on your electric bill.
Supercharge your savings
Charging an EV costs less than fueling a car with gasoline, especially when run on solar, and is made even more affordable through generous incentives.
Smart + sustainable charging
EVs reduce harmful emissions when compared to gas-powered cars. Boost your environmental impact when you charge your vehicle with clean, renewable solar energy.
Gain energy independence
Using solar to charge your EV at home puts you in control and reduces your dependence both on the grid and traditional fossil fuels.
Maximum Savings + Convenience
Pair solar + EV charging
Drive with peace of mind after you pair your solar system with an EV charging station for maximum savings and energy efficiency. Using the power generated by your solar system, you can fully charge your EV within hours and save upwards of $1,000 a year compared to fueling a gas-powered car.
EV Charging 101
How long does it take to charge an EV?
No matter your car's make or model, there's a variety of charging options to fit your lifestyle. From overnight charging with Level 1 to rapid top-ups with Level 3 stations, there's a solution for every driver. Buckle up and get ready to experience the electric revolution – one mile at a time!
| CHARGER TYPE | TIME TO CHARGE | DISTANCE ADDED PER HOUR |
|---|---|---|
| Level 1 | 8-16 Hours | 4 Miles per Hour |
| Level 2 | 6-8 Hours | 20-30 Miles per Hour |
| Level 3 | 20-45 Minutes | 40-50 Miles per Hour |
| V3 | 20 Minutes | 1,000 Miles per Hour |
Fast, affordable, convenient charging
Gain control over rising fuel costs and charge from the convenience of your home.
Have Questions? Talk to one of our experts
Home EV Charger Packages
Explore your options and choose the package that works best based on your car model and lifestyle. Unsure what makes the most sense for you? We're here to help.
PACKAGE 1
Basic
Includes 14-50 receptacle/50 amp breaker combo with 60 amp wire plus electrical certificate
- Ideal for 40 amp (or less) continuous charge rate
- May not be optimal for your specific car/ needs
- Provides option to upgrade to custom package (note that chargers available may cap at 32 amps, depending on model)
PACKAGE 2
Preferred
Includes 60 amp wire, 60 amp breaker, installation of EmPower-supplied EV charger, plus electrical certificate
- Ideal for level 2 charging at the full 48 amp continuous output
- Standard Tesla Universal General charger supplied
PACKAGE 3
Custom
Includes installation of customer-supplied EV charger plus electrical certificate
- Customer to supply brand/specs of charger pre quote
- Customer to pre-purchase and confirm charger is received/on site before confirming installation date
- Recommended option to provide fastest recharge
INCENTIVES FOR EV CHARGING
Take charge of your EV savings
Just like with solar, there are substantial incentives available to you as an EV owner. By choosing to power up at home, you could receive a 30% federal tax credit to use toward the purchase and installation of a home EV charger. Local utilities also often offer incentives, like PSEG Long Island's $200 rebate. We'll help you discover these extra savings.
WHAT THEY'RE SAYING
Testimonials
Calculate your savings
Use NYSERDA’s calculator to compare an EV with a gas-powered vehicle of your choice and learn more about how cost-effective EVs charged with solar power can be.
DownloadFAQs
Electric cars use electricity stored in a battery pack to power the electric motor. Since battery electric vehicles (BEVs) are run entirely on electricity, they are also called all-electric vehicles. While electric vehicles don’t produce tailpipe pollution, the electricity they use could be produced from a coal- or gas-powered power plant.
UCSUSA research shows that battery electric cars that charge off the gas-dominated grid still produce less pollution than their gas-powered counterparts, while BEVs powered by renewable energy sources are virtually emission free. To find out how you can pair your electric vehicle to a solar panel system and be completely energy independent, call us at 516-837-3459.
An electric car charging station starts around $499, with installation costs between $300-$1,000 depending on the charger and electrical upgrades required. ClipperCreek, Leviton, Bosch, ChargePoint, eMotoWerks, Delta, and Siemens offer home charging stations. NYS and PSEGLI have incentives for charging stations. The current PSEGLI rebate is $500- about half the cost of an installed charger!
This depends on the range and capacity of your electric vehicle’s battery, as well as your home’s viability for solar panels. A typical homeowner driving 12,000 miles a year will need about 3,500 kWh a year to power their vehicle, equivalent to a 2-5kWh solar system depending on how much sun their house gets. This amount of power could be generated by 5-12 solar panels. Our team of experts can help you determine the exact amount depending on your vehicle.
Electricity costs 21 cents/kWh at your home if you live on Long Island or New York City. With solar panels you could pay as low as 8 cents/kWh, taking into account the levelized cost of energy. Charging at a public station could cost up to twice as much as home with all-in rates of up to 50 cents/kWh or more due to hourly rates/charge fees.
| EV charging at a public station | $0.29 – $0.79/kWh |
| EV charging at home without solar panels | $0.21/kWh |
| EV charging with home solar panels | $0.08 – $0.15 cents/kWh LcOE |
There is a federal tax credit for $2,500-$7,500 per new EV purchase, lowering the upfront cost of buying the vehicle. New York’s Charge NY initiative offers a Drive Clean Rebate of up to $2,000 for new car purchases or leases. E-ZPass offers a special 10% discount to Hybrid vehicles getting at least 45 to the gallon and meeting super ultra-low emissions vehicle (SULEV) standards. Visit e- zpassny.com for a list of eligible EVs.
Workplace charging provides a reliable opportunity for commuters to own and drive EVs without worrying about the hassle of finding public charging stations.
Step 1: Employer executes ChargePoint host site rebate agreement
Step 2: Employer executes Charge to Work NY Employer Participation Agreement, has low-cost EV charging stations installed at the workplace.
Step 3: Employees execute Charge to Work NY Employee Participation Agreement, receive vehicle rebates upon purchase/lease of EV

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/home-electrification/

Electrify your life
Total Electrification Starts Here
Transform your home, become energy resilient, and save.
What is home electrification?
Home electrification is the process of transitioning a home from oil or natural gas to appliances and systems run by electricity. Home electrification includes home improvement projects such as installing home solar panels, swapping your fossil fuel-powered furnace for an electric heat pump, and even making the switch from gasoline-powered cars to electric vehicles.
The process of electrifying your home can be a multi-step project, though those steps can be reduced or streamlined with proper planning and the right partner.
The process of electrifying your home can be a multi-step project, though those steps can be reduced or streamlined with proper planning and the right partner.
Switching to an all-electric home
Ready to embrace a smarter, more sustainable lifestyle? Switching to an all-electric home means powering your entire household with electricity, from backup power to heating and cooling to charging your electric vehicle.
Discover how these systems work together seamlessly, explore the costs associated with electrifying your home, and uncover the numerous benefits that await.
While each system will save you money, the best way to optimize your savings is to pair them all together, and adding solar to your home is the first place to start.
Since the cost of solar is fixed, once you buy your panels you will never have to pay for them again. Solar energy will power your backup battery, heat pump, and EV charger without additional fueling oil or natural gas costs associated with traditional systems.
When you go solar with EmPower Solar, our in-house design team will make sure to size your system properly to ensure that any current or future home electrification plans will be powered by the sun.
The total cost of complete home electrification can vary. Typically, a solar array can cost anywhere between $20,000-$40,000 before incentives, depending on your energy needs. There are a number of incentives and rebates that are available to help significantly offset the cost, and EmPower Solar offers three ways to pay for your system: purchasing, financing, or leasing.
The cost of one Tesla Powerwall is $17,600 before incentives. Based on your energy needs, we may recommend installing additional Powerwalls. Luckily, there is a discount for purchasing more than one Powerwall. For more information, please download our battery resource guide.
Geothermal heat pump installation costs vary based on each individual home’s heating and cooling needs. The standard single-family 2,000 sq ft. home requires a pump that costs between $7,500 and $12,500.The cost of an air source heat pump for a home of the same size averages between $4,500 and $8,000.
The price of an EV charger depends on what level it is, or the speed at which it can charge your car. The most popular home EV charger is a Level 2 charger and can cost anywhere from $289 to $899.
The benefits of an all-electric lifestyle are two-fold: environmental and financial.
When you invest in home electrification, you reduce your home’s reliance on traditional energy sources like oil and gas. When these fossil fuels are burned, they release harmful air pollutants and greenhouse gasses that can cause respiratory illnesses and disease, and contribute to climate change.
Solar energy is a clean energy because it doesn’t produce any harmful emissions. Solar panels can last between 25 and 40 years. After your panels are no longer productive, we will recycle the materials to ensure peak sustainability.
The financial benefits of home electrification are substantial. The yearly cost of electricity for the average home in Southern New York is about $3,000. Due to regular rates of inflation, electricity increases at a rate of 2.66% per year. With solar, many homeowners are able to reduce their bills dramatically, with many only paying $20, which is the required grid connection fee.
Dandelion Energy estimates that an average 2,500 square foot home in New York with central air and fuel oil heat will save 47% of their total heating and cooling costs with geothermal. The savings are even greater when pairing a heat pump with solar.
| With Solar | With Grid Power | With Home Heating Oil |
| ~$760 / year | ~$2,565/year | At least $4,600/year |
Pairing a home EV charger with solar is the best way to maximize vehicle savings. You can fully charge your EV at home while saving upwards of $1,000 per year on fueling costs when compared to a traditional gas-powered vehicle.
Home electrification incentives + rebates
Whether you’re starting small or looking to make several upgrades at once, electrifying your home will help you save immediately while also reducing your carbon footprint. To help offset the initial cost of home electrification and encourage homeowners to choose clean energy, there are a number of incentives available through the Inflation Reduction Act.
Frequently asked questions
When you electrify your home, you do not need to replace all your appliances at once! Installing multiple appliances at once may help you save on shipping and installation costs, but it is not necessary.
Home electrification is a multi-step process to fight climate change and maximize home savings. Many new homes are being built with an electric service of 200A. If you have an older home, your service may be 100 or 150A. To achieve full electrification, you will need a panel upgrade. However, this does not mean you can’t get started! You can begin replacing existing gas or oil technologies without upgrading your electric panel. Contact us to see what your potential savings could be.
It’s true that you will be using more electricity after electrifying your home, but the use of solar panels will greatly reduce your electric bills, even after home electrification. After installing home solar, you can enroll in a program called net metering. This is a program offered by some utilities, including ConEd and PSEG, that allows homeowners to send unused electricity to that grid. That energy can later be reclaimed at night or during the winter, when their solar system is less productive. Because of this program, many clients see their monthly electric bill reduced to ~$20, which is the required grid connection fee.
In 2019, New York State signed the Climate Leadership and Community Protection Act into Law. The Climate Act aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 40 percent by 2030, and 85 percent by 2050. When you invest in these technologies for your home, you are able to help the state reach their goals by reducing your reliance on traditional fuel sources.
Similarly, the federal government has created the National Climate Task Force, which aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and achieve a net-zero emissions economy by 2050. Part of this plan is the Inflation Reduction Act, which provides significant financial incentives for homeowners and businesses investing and installing renewable energy.
Yes! You can add solar panels to your home without adding any other home electrification technology and will still experience significant savings Book an appointment to get started on your solar journey.
Once you’re an EmPower Solar client, you’re always an EmPower Solar client. After installation, you can decide at any point to add additional technology, though we do recommend installing the systems together to reduce timelines and costs. It’s important to note that if you went solar with a different company, we cannot add additional panels or backup battery systems to your home at this time.
EmPower Solar is proud to partner with several local companies to help with your electrification needs, including home EV charging and heat pump installation. Our engineering and design team will work to ensure that your home solar system is appropriately sized to accommodate additional/future upgrades. Contact us to learn more.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/commercial-solar/

Commercial Solar Panels for Your Business
Maximize the financial return on your custom-built solar system. Investing in custom-built commercial solar panels allows businesses to significantly cut energy costs and benefit from tax incentives while tailoring their renewable energy solutions to meet specific operational needs. By leveraging government rebates, selling back excess power through net metering, and enhancing their corporate responsibility profile, companies can improve their bottom line and brand image. Proper selection of technology, coupled with expert installation and maintenance, can ensure that the solar system delivers maximum financial returns over its lifetime.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/contact-us/

Use the form to send us a message or call (516) 837-3459. Working hours are Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm EST, and Saturday to Sunday Noon to 5pm EST.
Use the form to send us a message or call (516) 837-3459. Working hours are Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm EST, and Saturday to Sunday Noon to 5pm EST.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/client-corner/

Client Monitoring Responsibilities
Just as having a home heating system or a car requires periodic maintenance, inspections and monitoring, so does your solar system.
We recommend that you login and verify system operation at least once per week. Remember that while we can access your system in order to troubleshoot if necessary, our team is not actively monitoring or looking for issues. Self-monitoring your system and ensuring an active internet connection is an important responsibility of being a solar system owner.
Internet Connection
Your solar electric system requires an internet connection in order to send the information to the internet. This allows both you and EmPower to monitor your system’s performance over time.
At the time of installation, your EmPower install team either ran a direct line or used your Wifi to connect your solar monitoring device to your router. It is the homeowner’s responsibility to maintain this connection. By unplugging this connection, moving the router, changing internet service providers, changing your password, etc., data will not longer be uploaded, and all parties lose the ability to access and track your system’s performance. Please contact the service department if you need any assistance regarding reestablishing your data connection. Please know, however, EmPower must charge for any services that require an onsite visit.
Troubleshooting
If you are unable to view your energy production online, please perform the checks below before contacting the service team.
- Ethernet connections:
- Check physical connections: Ensure that the connection between the router and the monitoring unit is intact. If you are unsure of which cable belongs to the solar system, confirm that all wires in the area are connected to the router and none have been unplugged to plug in another device.
- Power cycle the router: Occasionally, devices connected to a network can “time out,” meaning that they have lost connection and their IP address should be renewed. Unplug the router electrical connection for 30 seconds and plug back in.
- Confirm internet connection: Ensure that other devices connected to the router have an internet connection.
- Wifi
- Check to make sure the device is connected to wifi. If the app or monitoring login shows no connection, follow manufacturer instructions to reset the connection.
- If you have a SunPower PVS6, then you can follow the instructions here.
After following the instructions above, the connection should be restored to your monitoring system. Note that it may take up to 30 minutes to reflect this within the monitoring portal.
-
If these steps have not fixed the internet reporting issue, please contact the service team. Please be advised there may be a charge to run a new wire in the event the issue was not caused by workmanship. Any workmanship issues will be covered as specified in your warranty.
3G Cellular Networks + PVS5 Data Monitoring Systems – Updated 04.20.22
Clients may have heard all major telecommunication companies like AT&T are shutting down their legacy 3G cellular networks. If your SunPower system has been using this cellular network to connect to the internet to provide your monitoring that is the reason you are experiencing monitoring issues at the moment. We are waiting to hear from them about a viable solution for this and will notify all clients proactively as soon as it becomes available.
Without a connection to the internet, the system will not be able to report monitoring information. The system will continue to operate normally, but data relating to the production and storage utilization won’t be visible in mySunPower app until the connection is reinstated.
Again, the system will continue to produce energy and will receive all the major benefits of the system, but it’s just the monitoring of the system will not be able to share information if it is not connected to the internet. This will not impact the financial savings or the energy production of the system.
System Production Monitoring
Once connected, it’s critical to actively monitor your system’s production online or via your phone app. Not sure which one you have? Email [email protected] for guidance.
SunPower Monitoring System
SolarEdge Monitoring System
SMA Sunny Portal
Locus Monitoring
Schneider Conext (Battery Monitoring)
Tesla Powerwall (Battery Monitoring)
If you have any questions about your system or energy production, access our FAQ and monitoring links, or open a service ticket. If you have additional questions or need help configuring your monitoring, please contact us anytime at [email protected].
Inspecting Your Array
Periodic array inspections are encouraged, even from the ground. Look at your system carefully to identify any of the issues listed below.
- Squirrel damage: if your system does not have a squirrel guard installed, take the time to look under your array, to the best of your ability, to see if any birds or squirrels are nesting under the panels.
- Squirrel guard: if your site has squirrel guard installed, please verify that it is secure and clipped to the panels.
- Broken panels: if you do see any broken modules please photograph and email to the service department.
- Missing clamps: if you notice any missing mid or end clamps please photograph and email to the service department.
- Excessive snow: as with a solar-free roof, snow may pile up on your panels. In most cases this is a non-issue, but sometimes snow may avalanche, or slide off quickly and collapse on the ground, sometimes causing damage to gutters or a vehicle. We can provide an estimate to install a snow guard if not included in your original package.
- Ice damming: this occurs as a result of insufficient insulation around the edge of a building, when snow melts on the roof then freezes once it hits the soffits. Excess ice damming will damage solar panels. This situation is not covered by the manufacturer or workmanship warranties, so please feel free to call the service department to discuss how to deal with this situation.
Monitoring Frequently Asked Questions
Energy production is expressed in kilowatt hours (kWh) and refers to the amount of energy that your system actually produces.
Power production is discussed in terms of kilowatts (kW) and refers to the maximum output that a solar system can produce under 100% ideal conditions. Peak power production is determined by Standard Test Conditions (STC).
Standardized conditions usually occur for just a few minutes each year, and the power of your array will be affected the following factors:
- Temperature
- Manufacturer tolerance
- Dirt
When sizing your system, we considered all of the factors above, as well as a few others, to ensure that your panels would meet your home energy needs. While your system will produce different amounts of energy each year depending on available sunlight, it will generally remain consistent so you don’t have to worry!
Energy production (kWh) is the most important benchmark of performance. It’s important to consider the kWh your system produces over the year, so please be sure to monitor your system weekly.
You can read more about system ratings and real world expectations here.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/faq/

Which best describes you?
To answer the most frequently asked solar questions we need to know what best describes you. Please select one of the options below.
I'm interested in solar
I want solar in my home
Solar Power Basics
Solar power is a clean, renewable energy source that reduces your reliance on fossil fuels and lowers your carbon footprint. It uses a process converting sunlight into electricity using solar panels. These panels are made up of photovoltaic (PV) cells that capture sunlight and convert it into direct current (DC) electricity. This DC electricity is then converted into alternating current (AC) electricity by an inverter, making it usable for your home.By choosing solar power with EmPower Solar, you can enjoy the benefits of sustainable energy while saving money on your electricity bills. Our advanced solar technology and expert installation ensure you get the most efficient and reliable solar system for your home. Embrace the power of the sun and make a positive impact on the environment with EmPower Solar!
Going solar can be a smart choice for several reasons. By harnessing the power of the sun, you can reduce your energy bills and protect yourself against rising electricity costs. Solar energy is a clean, renewable resource, which means you’re also doing your part in reducing your carbon footprint and contributing to a more sustainable future.With EmPower Solar, you benefit from industry-leading technology, customized solutions tailored to your specific energy needs, and exceptional customer service. Plus, there are numerous state and federal incentives available that can help lower your initial costs, making solar more affordable than ever. By embracing solar energy, as well as other green electrification methods, you can enjoy a more efficient, eco-friendly home, and save money in the long term.
There are many factors that determine if your home is suitable for solar energy, including location, roof space, orientation, shading, and your energy usage patterns. Many homes can utilize solar power effectively, but our experts will provide you with a detailed evaluation to ensure you get the most out of your solar system.By choosing EmPower Solar, you’ll receive a customized solution designed for optimal efficiency and savings. We’re committed to helping you make an informed decision and maximizing the benefits of clean, renewable energy for your home. Book an appointment with us today to find out how solar can work for you!
Every home is different, and the number of solar panels needed for your home depends on various factors. These include your energy consumption, available roof space, and the efficiency of the panels. Having too many or too few solar panels can decrease the efficiency of your solar power system. Before installation, the EmPower Solar team will provide a customized analysis to determine the optimal number of panels for your specific needs.Our experts will be sure to design a system that maximizes energy production and savings, ensuring you get the most out of your investment. With our high-efficiency solar panels and comprehensive service, you can trust that your home will be powered effectively and efficiently.
There is more to utilizing solar energy that just installing solar panels. By leveraging a range of eco-friendly and cost-saving solutions, you can have a home powered by clean energy, with lower bills and year-round comfort. EmPower Solar specializing in helping people fully electrify their home for maximum efficiency. This includes providing you with access to in-house experts and an extensive partner network, who can help you discover the best combination of solar, batteries, and EV charging to meet your needs. Click here to find out more about how total electrification can change your home for the better.
Solar Panel Installation
At EmPower Solar, we make the solar panel installation process smooth and hassle-free. Here’s what you can expect:
- Consultation and Site Assessment: Our team will conduct a thorough site assessment to evaluate your home’s suitability for solar and design a customized system tailored to your energy needs.
- System Design and Permitting: We’ll create a detailed design of your solar system and handle all necessary permits and approvals from local authorities.
- Installation: Our experienced installers will set up your solar panels, inverter, and other system components. We ensure a professional and efficient installation, minimizing disruption to your daily life.
- Inspection and Interconnection: After installation, we’ll arrange for a final inspection to ensure everything meets local codes and standards. Once approved, we’ll connect your system to the grid.
Activation and Monitoring: Once connected, we’ll activate your system, and you’ll start generating clean energy. We also provide monitoring tools so you can track your system’s performance and energy production.
Throughout the process, our dedicated customer support team is here to answer any questions and keep you informed every step of the way. Choose EmPower Solar for a seamless transition to solar energy and start enjoying the benefits of clean, renewable power.Our professional installers are trained to ensure that the installation of solar panels does not damage your roof. We use high-quality mounting equipment and techniques designed to provide a secure and watertight installation. In fact, the addition of solar panels can actually help protect your roof from damage by elements.
Before installation, the EmPower Solar conduct a thorough assessment of your roof to ensure it’s in good condition and suitable for solar panels. If any issues are identified, we’ll discuss the necessary repairs with you before proceeding. Our goal is to install your solar panels safely and efficiently, enhancing the value of your home without compromising its structure.
The actual installation of the solar panels can be done in one to three days, depending on the size and complexity of your system. However, the whole process usually will take a few weeks. Here is an example process timeframe, although it can vary based on different factors:
- Preparation: Before installation begins, our team will handle the necessary permits and approvals, which can take several weeks.
- Installation: Once we have all the permits, our skilled installers will complete the installation process within one to three days. This includes setting up the panels, inverter, and any other components of your system.
- Inspection and Activation: After installation, a final inspection will be conducted to ensure everything meets local codes and standards. Once approved, your system will be connected to the grid and activated.
About EmPower Solar
EmPower Solar is the preferred choice of customers across Long Island and NYC who are looking to power their lives with clean energy. We deliver on our promise of total home electrification by offering solar, battery storage, and EV charging solutions supported by world-class customer service.
EmPower Solar sets the standard in solar. We offer highly-customized solar and battery solutions tailored to your specific energy needs – ensuring you receive the most efficient and cost-effective system for your home. Our industry-leading warranties, power production guarantee, and dedicated in-house customer support team, provide comprehensive care and service throughout the 25+ year lifespan of your system. Plus, our use of the highest-efficiency solar panels, battery backup systems, EV chargers, and smart panel technology guarantees a system designed for peak performance and reliability. Our customers also benefit from access to our team of total electrification experts, a rewarding referral program, and exclusive perks.
At EmPower Solar, we think beyond just solar. By leveraging a range of eco-friendly and cost-saving solutions, you can have a home powered by clean energy, with lower bills and year-round comfort. Through our team of in-house experts and an extensive partner network, we'll guide you to discover the best combination of solar, batteries, and EV charging to meet your needs. Click here to find out more about how total electrification can change your home for the better.
Electrifying your home with solar panels, backup battery systems, and EV charging is a great way to save money and avoid rising energy costs. Your total savings will depend on a few factors – including available roof space, shading, energy usage, and more. There are also state and federal incentives available to help lower your costs. For an individual estimate and custom design, you can book a consultation here!
You can book an appointment online by clicking here! You can also call us at 516-837-3459 to speak to a live support representative. Our working hours are Monday through Friday from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm ET, and Saturday through Sunday from 12:00 to 5:00 pm ET.
Solar Power on Long Island + in NYC
EmPower Solar proudly serves numerous towns and areas across Nassau and Suffolk counties on Long Island, including but not limited to:
- Nassau County:
- Westbury, Lawrence, Long Beach, Merrick, Freeport, Lawrence Stewart Manor Mineola, Great Neck, Glen Cove, Merrick East Meadow, Lynbrook, Levittown, Plainview, Hicksville, Locust Valley, Massapequa Suffolk County:
- Westbury, Lawrence, Long Beach, Merrick, Freeport, Lawrence Stewart Manor Mineola, Great Neck, Glen Cove, Merrick East Meadow, Lynbrook, Levittown, Plainview, Hicksville, Locust Valley, Massapequa
We provide solar panel systems and backup batteries across New York City, including Queens, the Bronx, and Staten Island.
Choosing EmPower Solar has distinct benefits for customers on Long Island and in New York City, thanks to our deep roots and extensive experience in the area over 20 years. Here are some reasons why we are the preferred choice for Long Island residents:
- Local Expertise: We are based locally and understand the unique energy needs and regulations of Long Island communities, allowing us to provide tailored solar solutions that maximize efficiency and savings.
- Community Commitment: We’re dedicated to supporting and giving back to the local community - and take pride in helping our neighbors transition to clean, renewable energy.
- Proven Track Record: With 20+ years of successful installations across Long Island, we have built a reputation for reliability, quality, and exceptional customer service.
- Comprehensive Services: We offer a full range of services with the goal of encouraging Total Electrification, including solar panel installation, battery storage, and EV charging solutions - all supported by our in-house team of experts.
New Yorkers can trust EmPower Solar for their solar services due to our proven experience and dedication to quality and reliability. We offer highly-tailored solar, battery storage, and EV charging solutions to meet each customer’s specific needs, using the highest-quality technology to ensure peak performance. Our comprehensive support, from initial consultation to ongoing maintenance, is backed by industry-leading warranties and a power production guarantee.
As a locally-based company with a deep understanding of the region’s energy needs and regulatory landscape, we are committed to supporting our communities and contributing to a more sustainable future.
Installing solar panels in New York comes with several tax benefits that can significantly reduce the overall cost of your system:
- Federal Investment Tax Credit (ITC): This credit allows you to deduct a portion of the cost of installing a solar energy system from your federal taxes.
- New York State Solar Energy System Equipment Credit: This state credit covers 25% of your solar system’s cost, up to $5,000. It can be claimed on your state income taxes.
- NYC Property Tax Abatement: This program offers a property tax abatement of 20% of the solar system cost, spread over four years (5% each year).
- Net Metering: This policy allows you to sell excess energy generated by your solar system back to the grid, reducing your utility bills.
I already have solar
I HAVE SOLAR INSTALLED
Solar care and maintenance
To care for your solar panels, keep them clean by removing dust, dirt, and debris with water or a soft brush, avoiding harsh chemicals. Regularly inspect for damage and monitor performance using your system’s tools to detect any drops in efficiency. Trim nearby trees to prevent shading and ensure maximum sunlight exposure.
Additionally, schedule professional maintenance checks to ensure all components are functioning properly. Following these simple steps will help maintain your solar panels' efficiency and longevity, allowing you to enjoy the benefits of clean energy for years to come. EmPower Solar offers maintenance services to assist you in keeping your system in optimal condition.If you encounter an issue with your solar panels, follow these steps:
- Check your monitoring system: Use your system’s monitoring tools to identify any specific issues or drops in performance.
- Inspect for visible damage: Look for any obvious signs of damage, such as cracks or loose wires, and ensure there is no debris obstructing the panels.
- Contact your provider: IReach out to our dedicated customer support team for assistance. We can provide troubleshooting guidance and, if necessary, schedule a professional inspection.
Solar panels are designed to be durable and long-lasting. Typically, high-quality solar panels have a lifespan of 25 to 30 years. Over this period, they may experience a slight decrease in efficiency, but they will continue to generate clean energy for your home.
At EmPower Solar, we use the highest-quality solar panels and technology to ensure peak performance and longevity. Our systems come with industry-leading warranties, providing you with peace of mind and long-term reliability. With proper care and maintenance, your solar panels can serve your energy needs efficiently for decades to come.Spread the word about solar panels by sharing your positive experience with EmPower Solar with friends and family. Highlight the savings, environmental benefits, and improved energy efficiency you've enjoyed. Use social media to post about your solar journey, including photos of your installation and energy savings, and take advantage of EmPower Solar's referral program to earn rewards for referring friends who go solar.
Additionally, consider leaving positive reviews on EmPower Solar’s website and other review platforms to help others make informed decisions. By sharing your experience, you can help your friends embrace clean, renewable energy with EmPower Solar.You can maximize the efficiency and savings from your home's solar panels with these strategies:
- Optimal Placement: Ensure your panels are installed in a location that receives maximum sunlight, free from shading by trees or buildings.
- Regular Maintenance: Keep your panels clean and well-maintained by removing dust, dirt, and debris. Regularly inspect for any damage and schedule professional maintenance checks.
- Energy Consumption: Monitor and manage your energy usage to make the most of the power generated. Use energy-efficient appliances and consider shifting heavy electricity use to daytime hours when your panels are producing the most power.
- Battery Storage & Other Upgrades: Invest in a battery storage system and other total electrification options to store excess energy generated during the day for use at night or during power outages.
- Incentives and Programs: Take advantage of available state and federal incentives, tax credits, and net metering programs to reduce your initial costs and increase savings.
EmPower Solar
EmPower Solar is the preferred choice of customers across Long Island and NYC who are looking to power their lives with clean energy. We deliver on our promise of total home electrification by offering solar, battery storage, and EV charging solutions supported by world-class customer service.
EmPower Solar sets the standard in solar. We offer highly-customized solar and battery solutions tailored to your specific energy needs – ensuring you receive the most efficient and cost-effective system for your home. Our industry-leading warranties, power production guarantee, and dedicated in-house customer support team, provide comprehensive care and service throughout the 25+ year lifespan of your system. Plus, our use of the highest-efficiency solar panels, battery backup systems, EV chargers, and smart panel technology guarantees a system designed for peak performance and reliability. Our customers also benefit from access to our team of total electrification experts, a rewarding referral program, and exclusive perks.
At EmPower Solar, we think beyond just solar. By leveraging a range of eco-friendly and cost-saving solutions, you can have a home powered by clean energy, with lower bills and year-round comfort. Through our team of in-house experts and an extensive partner network, we'll guide you to discover the best combination of solar, batteries, and EV charging to meet your needs. Click here to find out more about how total electrification can change your home for the better.
Electrifying your home with solar panels, backup battery systems, and EV charging is a great way to save money and avoid rising energy costs. Your total savings will depend on a few factors – including available roof space, shading, energy usage, and more. There are also state and federal incentives available to help lower your costs. For an individual estimate and custom design, you can book a consultation here!
You can book an appointment online by clicking here! You can also call us at 516-837-3459 to speak to a live support representative. Our working hours are Monday through Friday from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm ET, and Saturday through Sunday from 12:00 to 5:00 pm ET.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/blog/

Jun 19, 2025
Don’t Miss Out: Federal Solar Incentives May be Changing
If you've been thinking about going solar, there's never been more reason to act. The federal solar tax credit, which currently covers 30% of your...
Read More
Featured
Update: October 21, 2024 Management of all SunPower solar leases previously held by SunPower Corporation/SunPower Financial have been successfully transferred...
Read Story
Jun 19, 2025
May 19, 2025
Mar 28, 2025
Jan 09, 2025
Dec 08, 2024
Oct 30, 2024
Sep 18, 2024
Aug 28, 2024
Jun 06, 2024
May 21, 2024

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/blog/everything-you-need-to-know-about-the-tesla-powerwall-3/

Everything You Need to Know About the Tesla Powerwall 3
Dec 08, 2024
by EmPower Solar
If you’ve ever been caught off guard by a blackout or looked at your electricity bill and thought “There has to be a better way,” going solar is the logical solution. Home solar systems have been rapidly gaining popularity, with 7% of American homes now having solar panels. That number is expected to double by 2030, reaching 15%.
With weather-related outages up 60% since the 2000s and electricity costs continuing to rise, more homeowners are turning to backup battery systems to complement their solar systems and gain energy independence – and at a rapid rate. According to American Clean Power, US battery storage jumped from 47 MW in 2010 to 17,380 MW in 2023.
Enter the Tesla Powerwall 3.
The latest generation technology to hit the market, the Tesla Powerwall 3 is the most powerful, efficient, and advanced energy storage solution to date.
From the Tesla Powerwall 3 specs to how to get the most out of your backup battery, here’s everything you need to know about the Tesla Powerwall 3.
Why Home Energy Storage Matters
First up, let’s explore how a backup battery for home can be a game-changer. Picture this: a storm rolls in, and the grid goes dark. Without a backup, your fridge warms up, your Wi-Fi drops out, and you’re left navigating your home by candlelight. Backup battery systems eliminate the stress, inconvenience, and cost associated with blackouts.
But home energy storage isn’t just about keeping the lights on–it’s also about saving more money and living more sustainably. Solar power with battery backup lets you store the excess solar energy your panels produce during the day and use it when energy costs are highest. With utilities like PSEG Long Island embracing time-of-day rates, homeowners with both solar and battery systems can benefit from clean, renewable energy while also reducing their reliance on conventional energy sources during those expensive peak hours.
If you’re an EV owner, you can even charge your vehicle overnight using the energy your home battery system captured from your solar panels during the day. Plus, if you’re thinking about ditching fossil fuels entirely, batteries are a critical component of an all-electric home.
How do Home Batteries Work?
As you already know, a battery is like a storage tank for electricity, and a home battery solution is a much larger version used to power your home when other resources, like electrical grid power or daylight for solar panels, are not available. When energy flows in, it is stored, and when you need that energy, the battery will release it as electricity for use in your home. The better the battery, the more efficiently it can store and deliver power.
How do Home Batteries Work with Solar?
Solar panels are daytime powerhouses. However, once the sun sets, they are not able to generate additional power. This is where batteries shine.
During the day, your panels capture sunlight to generate direct current (DC) electricity. If your home doesn’t use all of it, the surplus will be used to charge your battery. In the evening, or other times when sunlight is not available, the battery’s inverter takes over, converting the energy from DC to AC, feeding your home with stored solar energy rather than drawing expensive electricity from the grid.
Meet the Tesla Powerwall 3
Tesla is synonymous with innovation, and the Powerwall 3 is no exception. Whether you’re upgrading from an older system or taking your first step into the world of energy storage, this new-to-market battery is designed to make home energy smarter, more efficient, and easier to manage.
Tesla Powerwall 3 Specs
Massive Tesla Powerwall 3 Capacity: each Powerwall 3 supports up to 20 kW DC of solar and provides up to 11 kW AC of continuous power per unit. For most homeowners, this is enough to power their whole home during an outage. Depending on the size of your home and energy needs, a second Powerwall may be recommended.
Seamless Integration: the Powerwall 3 pairs effortlessly with solar systems and Tesla’s app, so you can track your energy use in real-time. Connectivity includes Wi-Fi (2.4 and 5 GHz), ethernet, and cellular (LTE/4G 6).
Heavy Load Handling: it has the ability to start heavy loads rated up to 185 LRA, meaning a single unit can support the power needs of most homes.
Scalability: Need more power? You can stack multiple Powerwall 3 batteries for maximum energy independence.
High Efficiency: The Powerwall 3 has an impressive efficiency rating, with a round-trip (solar to battery to home) efficiency of 89% and a solar to home efficiency of 97.5%.
What does a Tesla Powerwall 3 Cost?
The good news is that lithium-ion battery pack prices are dropping fast, having fallen 82% from $780+/kWh in 2013 to $139/kWh in 2023.
To buy a Tesla Powerwall 3, you’ll be looking at a cost of around $10,000 for the first unit. For larger homes with greater energy needs, you’d be sitting at approximately $14,000 for two batteries. This pricing accounts for a rebate offered by New York State via NYSERDA, as well as a federal tax credit known as the Residential Clean Energy Credit.
Tesla Powerwall 2 vs Tesla Powerwall 3
If you’re familiar with the Powerwall 2, you might be wondering: what’s changed? Let’s compare their specs.
| Feature | Powerwall 2 | Powerwall 3 |
| Energy Capacity | 13.5 kWh | 13.5 kWh |
| On-Grid Power | 5.8 kVA continuous | 11.5 kW continuous |
| Backup Power | 10 kW peak | 11.5 kW continuous |
| Size | 45.30 in x 29.6 in x 5.75 in | 43.5 in x 24 in x 7.6 in |
| Weight | 251.3 lbs | 272.5 lbs |
| Warranty | 10 years | 10 years |
| Scalability | Single size | Up to 40.5 kWh max per unit |
| Inverter | Not included | Included (6 solar inputs) |
More Power: The Powerwall 3 delivers 11.5 kW of continuous power—nearly double what the Powerwall 2 offered. This means you can power more appliances simultaneously without worry.
Sleeker Design: The Powerwall 3 is slimmer, making it easier to install in tight spaces, and it has improved cooling technology to keep things running smoothly, even in hot climates.
Higher Efficiency: Improved energy efficiency means less wasted power, giving you more bang for your buck.
What are the Benefits of a Tesla Powerwall 3?
Energy Security: Keep the lights on during blackouts and reduce reliance on the grid.
Cost Savings: Use stored energy when electricity prices spike, slashing your energy bills.
Sustainability: Maximize the use of your solar panels and reduce your carbon footprint.
Control: Monitor and manage your energy system with the Tesla app, giving you total visibility and peace of mind.
How to Get the Most Out of Your Tesla Powerwall 3
To truly unlock the full potential of your Powerwall 3, consider these energy (and money!) saving strategies.
Enroll in Time-of-Day Rates
Many energy suppliers charge different rates depending on the time of day. Typically, it’s cheaper during off-peak hours in the evening and pricier during peak demand in the day when grid demand is higher.
When you’re on a time-of-use plan you can program your Tesla Powerwall 3 using its Time-Based Control function to discharge energy during those high-cost periods, saving you money without you lifting a finger.
Join a Virtual Power Plant (VPP)
A VPP connects your battery to others in your community to create a network of stored energy. When you join a VPP program, like the one offered by Tesla and PSEG Long Island, you’ll help stabilize the grid, get compensation from program-based incentives, and maintain energy security. It’s a win-win-win!
Maintain Ideal Conditions
The Tesla Powerwall 3 is low maintenance, but a little care can go a long way. Work with a Tesla Premier Certified Installer to make sure your battery is installed in a location with good ventilation and moderate temperatures, and make sure it’s connected to a reliable internet network for firmware updates. Pro tip: Schedule regular check-ins through the Tesla app to ensure your Powerwall is performing optimally and receiving updates.
Ready to Power Up Your Home with Solar or a Tesla Powerwall 3?
Whether you’re thinking about going solar or adding a Tesla Powerwall 3 to your existing system, there’s never been a better time to invest in home energy storage. Not only will you save money and reduce your environmental impact, but you’ll also gain energy independence in a world where outages and high energy costs are increasingly common.
At EmPower Solar, we make transitioning to clean energy solutions effortless. From home solar panels to total home electrification, we provide customized solutions tailored to your needs.
Want a battery backup for home? See how the Powerwall 3 can transform your energy game. We’ll help you explore your options and design a system that works for your home and budget. Book a consultation with our experts today!
Save up to 30% on day one and say goodbye to rising electric bills
Save up to 30% on day one and say goodbye to rising electric bills
About the Author
EmPower Solar develops, engineers, installs, and services solar and battery systems for residential and commercial clients. Since 2003, EmPower Solar has empowered thousands of New York homeowners and businesses with 47 megawatts of distributed solar. Its vision is to create a new energy paradigm powered by clean, renewable energy for a more prosperous, healthy, and civil world. The company culture is defined by the EmPowering Way, which results in consistent 5-star customer service reviews. For more information visit empower-solar.com.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://members.empower-solar.com/

This program is no longer active.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/es/

AL SERVICIO DE LONG ISLAND Y EL ÁREA GRANDE DE NUEVA YORK
Ahorre $3,300 cada año
Ahorre durante todo el año y obtenga energía confiable con energía solar + batería
- Utilice su energía solar 24 horas al día, 7 días a la semana
- Capte mayores ahorros
- Ganar independencia energética
NUESTRAS SOLUCIONES
Tecnología Superior
Paneles solares
Nos hemos asociado con Maxeon para ofrecerte la mejor tecnología en paneles solares. Con una durabilidad y eficiencia inigualables, estos elegantes paneles están diseñados para funcionar a largo plazo.
Baterías solares
Obtenga independencia energética y protéjase contra cortes con una batería de respaldo. Trabajamos con Tesla para ayudarle a ser dueño de su energía y reducir la dependencia de la red.
carga de vehículos eléctricos
Cargar un vehículo eléctrico cuesta aproximadamente 3 veces menos que alimentar un automóvil. Puedes volver a reducir esos costos a la mitad cargando con energía solar. Le ayudaremos a ponerse en marcha para que pueda empezar a ahorrar.
EXPERTOS TOTALES EN ELECTRIFICACIÓN
Electrifica tu vida y maximiza tus ahorros.
Imagine un hogar alimentado con energía limpia, con facturas más bajas y comodidad durante todo el año. A través de nuestra experiencia interna y una extensa red de socios, le guiaremos en el camino. Empaque energía solar, baterías y carga de vehículos eléctricos para comenzar.
¿Por qué potenciar la energía solar?
Estableciendo el estándar en energía solar.
FINANCIACIÓN FLEXIBLE
Financiamiento que funciona para usted.
Tú tienes el control. Ya sea que arriende, financie o compre, nos aseguraremos de que ahorre mucho.
- Opciones de reducción a cero
- Pagos predecibles y asequibles
- Protegerse contra la inflación
VOLVERSE SOLAR CON EMPODERAMIENTO
Consíguelo todo, en un solo lugar.
ENFOQUE EN EL CLIENTE
- Diseño de sistema solar personalizado
- Evaluación exhaustiva del techo
- Equipos internos dedicados
- Instalación experta
- Servicio de por vida del sistema
SISTEMA TODO EN UNO
- Paneles solares Maxeon
- Inversores de potencia
- Estanterías InvisiMount
- Guardia de plagas
- Aplicación de monitoreo
PROTECCIÓN TOTAL
- Garantía líder en la industria
- Protección de salida de energía de 25 años
- Cobertura del panel de 25 años
- Cobertura de mano de obra de 25 años
- Cobertura de equipo de 15 años
SOPORTE DE CLASE MUNDIAL
Servicio que va más allá.
Desde los permisos hasta la instalación y más, estamos aquí para facilitar el uso de energía solar, incluso después de completar el trabajo.
- Tiempo de respuesta rápido por parte del equipo de soporte local
- Más de 20 años de experiencia en servicios solares
- Tasa de satisfacción del servicio líder en la industria
Un agradecimiento especial a Scott, que hizo las cosas fáciles y claras, y no desapareció una vez terminado el trabajo. Volvió a comprobar cómo nos iba después de instalar los paneles. No se ve eso en todos los negocios.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/en/client-corner

Client Monitoring Responsibilities
Just as having a home heating system or a car requires periodic maintenance, inspections and monitoring, so does your solar system.
We recommend that you login and verify system operation at least once per week. Remember that while we can access your system in order to troubleshoot if necessary, our team is not actively monitoring or looking for issues. Self-monitoring your system and ensuring an active internet connection is an important responsibility of being a solar system owner.
Internet Connection
Your solar electric system requires an internet connection in order to send the information to the internet. This allows both you and EmPower to monitor your system’s performance over time.
At the time of installation, your EmPower install team either ran a direct line or used your Wifi to connect your solar monitoring device to your router. It is the homeowner’s responsibility to maintain this connection. By unplugging this connection, moving the router, changing internet service providers, changing your password, etc., data will not longer be uploaded, and all parties lose the ability to access and track your system’s performance. Please contact the service department if you need any assistance regarding reestablishing your data connection. Please know, however, EmPower must charge for any services that require an onsite visit.
Troubleshooting
If you are unable to view your energy production online, please perform the checks below before contacting the service team.
- Ethernet connections:
- Check physical connections: Ensure that the connection between the router and the monitoring unit is intact. If you are unsure of which cable belongs to the solar system, confirm that all wires in the area are connected to the router and none have been unplugged to plug in another device.
- Power cycle the router: Occasionally, devices connected to a network can “time out,” meaning that they have lost connection and their IP address should be renewed. Unplug the router electrical connection for 30 seconds and plug back in.
- Confirm internet connection: Ensure that other devices connected to the router have an internet connection.
- Wifi
- Check to make sure the device is connected to wifi. If the app or monitoring login shows no connection, follow manufacturer instructions to reset the connection.
- If you have a SunPower PVS6, then you can follow the instructions here.
After following the instructions above, the connection should be restored to your monitoring system. Note that it may take up to 30 minutes to reflect this within the monitoring portal.
-
If these steps have not fixed the internet reporting issue, please contact the service team. Please be advised there may be a charge to run a new wire in the event the issue was not caused by workmanship. Any workmanship issues will be covered as specified in your warranty.
3G Cellular Networks + PVS5 Data Monitoring Systems – Updated 04.20.22
Clients may have heard all major telecommunication companies like AT&T are shutting down their legacy 3G cellular networks. If your SunPower system has been using this cellular network to connect to the internet to provide your monitoring that is the reason you are experiencing monitoring issues at the moment. We are waiting to hear from them about a viable solution for this and will notify all clients proactively as soon as it becomes available.
Without a connection to the internet, the system will not be able to report monitoring information. The system will continue to operate normally, but data relating to the production and storage utilization won’t be visible in mySunPower app until the connection is reinstated.
Again, the system will continue to produce energy and will receive all the major benefits of the system, but it’s just the monitoring of the system will not be able to share information if it is not connected to the internet. This will not impact the financial savings or the energy production of the system.
System Production Monitoring
Once connected, it’s critical to actively monitor your system’s production online or via your phone app. Not sure which one you have? Email [email protected] for guidance.
SunPower Monitoring System
SolarEdge Monitoring System
SMA Sunny Portal
Locus Monitoring
Schneider Conext (Battery Monitoring)
Tesla Powerwall (Battery Monitoring)
If you have any questions about your system or energy production, access our FAQ and monitoring links, or open a service ticket. If you have additional questions or need help configuring your monitoring, please contact us anytime at [email protected].
Inspecting Your Array
Periodic array inspections are encouraged, even from the ground. Look at your system carefully to identify any of the issues listed below.
- Squirrel damage: if your system does not have a squirrel guard installed, take the time to look under your array, to the best of your ability, to see if any birds or squirrels are nesting under the panels.
- Squirrel guard: if your site has squirrel guard installed, please verify that it is secure and clipped to the panels.
- Broken panels: if you do see any broken modules please photograph and email to the service department.
- Missing clamps: if you notice any missing mid or end clamps please photograph and email to the service department.
- Excessive snow: as with a solar-free roof, snow may pile up on your panels. In most cases this is a non-issue, but sometimes snow may avalanche, or slide off quickly and collapse on the ground, sometimes causing damage to gutters or a vehicle. We can provide an estimate to install a snow guard if not included in your original package.
- Ice damming: this occurs as a result of insufficient insulation around the edge of a building, when snow melts on the roof then freezes once it hits the soffits. Excess ice damming will damage solar panels. This situation is not covered by the manufacturer or workmanship warranties, so please feel free to call the service department to discuss how to deal with this situation.
Monitoring Frequently Asked Questions
Energy production is expressed in kilowatt hours (kWh) and refers to the amount of energy that your system actually produces.
Power production is discussed in terms of kilowatts (kW) and refers to the maximum output that a solar system can produce under 100% ideal conditions. Peak power production is determined by Standard Test Conditions (STC).
Standardized conditions usually occur for just a few minutes each year, and the power of your array will be affected the following factors:
- Temperature
- Manufacturer tolerance
- Dirt
When sizing your system, we considered all of the factors above, as well as a few others, to ensure that your panels would meet your home energy needs. While your system will produce different amounts of energy each year depending on available sunlight, it will generally remain consistent so you don’t have to worry!
Energy production (kWh) is the most important benchmark of performance. It’s important to consider the kWh your system produces over the year, so please be sure to monitor your system weekly.
You can read more about system ratings and real world expectations here.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://empower-solar.com/get-estimate-quote/

Why EmPower Solar
Home Solar
Overview
Solar Panel Cost
Installation
Our Work
Solutions
Solar Panels
Battery
Services
EV Charging
Whole – Home Electrification
Commercial
Resources
Contact Us
Help Center (Client Corner)
FAQ
Blog
Refer a Friend
Commercial
Español
Client Corner
516-837-3459
Client Corner
English
English
Español
Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.empower-solar.com/en/home-solar/solar-panels/

How Do Solar Panels Work?
How Do Solar Panels Work?
Solar panels convert sunlight into electricity, providing a sustainable and reliable energy source. Energy produced by your solar system first powers your home, with excess unused energy sent to the grid for use by other homes. When paired with a battery, you can bank that energy for later use. Harness the power of the sun to reduce your energy costs and contribute to a cleaner planet.
With the most durable, highest-efficiency panels and the industry’s longest, most comprehensive warranty, Maxeon consistently outranks the competition.
Maxeon solar panels are backed by a 40-year power output warranty–the highest level of protection available. Their comprehensive warranty also covers equipment and labor for 40 years. That’s 60% longer than the industry’s standard 25-year warranty. Feel confident in knowing that your investment will deliver exceptional performance for nearly half a century.
Since 2003, EmPower Solar has been the preferred solar company of more than 3,500 New Yorkers, earning industry-leading awards and ratings.
We’re the first to admit that solar isn’t right for every home–but it is for many. Below are a few considerations for determining if your roof would make a good home for solar.
In New York City and on Long Island, a typical 10 kW solar system can save homeowners more than $100,000 over its lifetime, with those savings amplified with the addition of a battery. Discover significant savings when you book a pressure-free consultation.
Book a free consultationWhile traditional solar panels have a typical lifespan of 25-30 years, Maxeon’s high-quality solar panels are predicted to have a useful life of more than 40 years.
Yes! It’s a common misconception that solar panel systems do not work well in the winter, when in actuality cooler temperatures enhance efficiency and increase the amount of electricity produced.
Solar panels are very low maintenance. On Long Island and in New York City, natural rainfall does a great job of keeping panels clear of any dirt or debris.
Homeowners in New York City and on Long Island can expect to save upwards of $100,000 over the course of their solar panel system’s lifetime. Those savings can be amplified with the addition of a battery, like the Tesla Powerwall.
According to recent research completed by Zillow, leading real estate marketplace, potential homeowners are willing to pay extra for home improvements, including energy upgrades. In New York, those looking to buy a new home will pay a 3.6% premium for a home with solar panels.
When determining how to finance your solar panel system, you should consider income, credit score, and lifetime value of the system. A reputable solar panel installation company will provide a variety of options and consult with you to determine your best option.
Solar panels do not produce energy when the sun isn’t shining. Luckily, in New York City and on Long Island, if you produce more than you use the excess energy is used to offset days when the sun isn’t shining.
When the power goes out in your home, the solar panels will stop working and automatically disconnect from the grid to maintain the safety of the utility workers attempting to restore power. Once the power is restored, your system will continue production after a few minutes. If it is important for you to maintain power during a blackout, we recommend adding one or more Tesla Powerwall home batteries to your system.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.empower-solar.com/en/backup-power-solutions/

Reliable, renewable
energy—
day or night.
BATTERY BACKUP + STORAGE
Power + Efficiency
Get uninterrupted power and maximum efficiency EmPower Solar's home battery backup system. The Tesla Powerwall provides greater energy independence, ensures reliable home energy during outages, and helps you save more. With a focus on sustainable energy independence, our systems are designed for durability and are supported by comprehensive warranties.
QUIZ
Is a solar battery worth it for me?
A home battery system can protect against power outages and rising energy costs. But is it right for you? Our personalized quiz assesses your energy habits and preferences to help you determine if a battery would be a smart investment for your home.
The Tesla Powerwall 3 is here
Available for new solar installations and existing solar enhancements, this revolutionary technology offers
- Whole home backup with a single unit for most homes
- Durable exterior and extreme weather protection
- Maximum value of your stored energy
- Real-time data access for monitoring + consumption control
GAIN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE
Save solar for when the sun isn’t shining
Store the electricity your panels generate and for use whenever you need. Access sustainable energy, anytime, for greater freedom from rising energy costs.
- Reduce reliance on the grid
- Store excess solar energy
- Use your stored power 24/7
PROTECT AGAINST OUTAGES
Blackouts?
No big deal
Keep the lights on and the fridge running with reliable, uninterrupted power! With a battery backup, outages are a minor inconvenience. Tesla’s Powerwall takes over automatically to keep your essentials up and running. No noisy generators necessary.
SAVE ON ELECTRICITY
Take advantage of time-of-day rates and save more
Automatically charge your battery when rates are low and send excess energy back to the grid during peak rate times to maximize long-term savings.
Tesla Certified
Premier Installer
We’re proud to be a Tesla Powerwall Premier Installer. This seal of approval from Tesla recognizes our commitment to quality workmanship and expert knowledge of Powerwall installation.
TESLA POWERWALL
Partnering with Tesla to bring you the best.
-
Seamless Solar Integration Tesla solar batteries integrate seamlessly with your solar system. Any excess energy your panels produce is stored, so you can use solar whenever you choose.
-
Automatic Backup Power The Tesla Powerwall detects outages and restores power automatically. When the sun comes up, your Powerwall will recharge to keep you going indefinitely.
-
Control Where Your Power Goes Tesla’s app lets you monitor and control how your power is used. Strategically choose how your power is used to meet your unique needs during an outage
Get Extra Incentives
More storage means more savings. By pairing batteries with solar,
you’ll make the most of these limited-time incentives.
NYSERDA REBATE
$250 per kWh of storage*
3,375
rebate
6,250
rebate
6,250
rebate
FEDERAL TAX CREDIT
30% Tax Credit
Upto
$4,267
Upto
$6,105
Upto
$9,030
*NYSERDA rebate capped at $6,250 and available to Long Island customers only.
Figures based on solar + storage system for Long Island home. Incentives for battery-only systems or solar + storage in Westchester may vary.
FAQs
Yes! By adding a Tesla solar battery backup system to your home, you can potentially save money on your power bill. Since the Tesla Powerwall charges with your solar panel system, having a solar battery backup can help you achieve greater savings.
The Tesla Powerwall is warrantied for 10 years with a guarantee that the battery will retain 70% of its capacity by year 10. Battery life is influenced by the number of times it is charged and discharged, which is known as a cycle. Therefore, when used for backup only and not regularly cycling, battery capacity is expected to be stronger than 70%.
Solar battery backup systems, like the Tesla Powerwall, can power large appliances for a short period of time, or small appliances for a long period of time. For example, without recharging from solar, one Powerwall can power 20 LED lights for two days or one refrigerator for six days.
Like solar panels, the number of Tesla Powerwall home batteries that you will need will depend on your home’s needs and usage. While one Tesla battery is sufficient to cover your basic energy needs, we generally recommend two or three battery back up systems to provide the best comfort and value.
Yes! While solar and batteries work best together, maximizing efficiency and savings, you can install a battery backup by itself. The installation of a standalone batteries can also qualify for the 30% federal tax credit.
Similar to a solar inverter, batteries are ideally located near the main electrical service panel. Our team will work with you to determine the best location. Indoor installation is always preferred, however they cannot be located in a living space or on a wall opposite a bedroom. In some cases, they can be installed outdoors, however an enclosure may be required.
Battery systems are designed to operate safely both indoors and outdoors, and do not pose any environmental threat during standard operation. We recommend that you exercise the same precautions that you would take with other electrical utility equipment.
When the power goes out in your home, the solar panels will stop working and automatically disconnect from the grid to maintain the safety of the utility workers attempting to restore power. Once the power is restored, your system will continue production after a few minutes. If it is important for you to maintain power during a blackout, we recommend adding one or more Tesla Powerwall home batteries to your system.
The battery inverter may make a faint humming noise, but should not be disruptive or even noticeable. Solar batteries are significantly quieter than other solutions, like generators.
One Powerwall can provide 13.5 kilowatt hours (kWh) per charge. The Powerwall 2 will discharge 5 kW continuously and the Powerwall 3 will discharge 11 kW until that 13.5 kWh is used.
When the sun is out, your home’s solar system collects that solar energy, which it then uses to directly power your home. If you don’t have immediate energy needs matching the amount of energy stored, that excess energy can be saved in your Tesla home battery for later use instead of sending it back to the power grid.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------