ROOT: https://envirosolarpower.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:04:09.427073Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/

Go Green, Smart, and Secure with Envirosolar
Power your home with solar, live in the home of the future with our advanced technologies, and ensure your home is secure with the latest security system. This is Amercia’s home of the future.
Discover America’s Solar Powered, Smart Home, & Security
The cost of solar has gone down by 70% since 2010, and if you haven’t put your roof to work yet, you have been missing out on tremendous cost savings millions of other homeowners have realized. We are Envirosolar Power, and we are here to help you get maximum returns from your own energy efficiency journey.
There are thousands of resources on the Internet providing plenty of reasons to go solar. Depending on the geographic area you live in, the financial incentives, rebates, and ways that your utility pays you for the power your system generates will vary. We can tell you however, the top ten reasons Envirosolar Power customers tell us they made the switch from their electricity providers to their own home power generation. It all begins with home owners discovering specifically how much money and energy they are wasting, which is often a shocking realization once they receive their free in-home Envirosolar Power energy assessment.
Find Your Solar Solution Here
Our energy assessment process is simple. You schedule your appointment and one of our highly trained professionals will arrive to perform your assessment. It usually takes up to two hours to check for solar electric compatibilities, thermal intolerances, unbalanced HVAC systems, roof structure, air leaks, shade issues, and more.
Our Customers’ Top Ten Reasons For Going Solar in 2019
Taking advantage of the 30% Federal Tax Credit before it is reduced downward on December 31st, 2019
Greatly reducing or even completely doing away with monthly electric fees from electric utilities
Potential increased value of real estate, especially if considering how to compete in a housing market with falling prices
Helping the planet reduce dependency on fossil fuels
Outmaneuvering and lowering home energy costs as the price of electricity keeps steadily rising over time
25-Year manufacturer warranties for system performance
Looking cool and shining as a neighborhood example
Local, state-by-state incentives
Being part of an energy revolution in America
Smart-home advancements that connect the home together, such as smart thermostats, energy monitoring, and more
Homeowners have zero obligation to purchase anything from our company. If you hire a company to perform an energy audit, it could cost several hundred dollars. Envirosolar Power’s immediate value to you is that we provide a free estimate!
What is your main motivator? Let us know, and we can help you achieve the most from what moves you to go solar in 2019.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/aboutenvirosolarpower

About Us & Abe Issa - Founder
36,000% Growth Is Just the Beginning.
Nation-Wide Solar Energy Installation and Support
-
Envirosolar Power was founded by CEO Abe Issa on the principle of helping homeowners transform their homes into self-sustaining solar energy machines! While other companies may manage other efficient products, Abe Issa and his team specialize in customers experiencing the benefits of clean, renewable power, lower utility bills, and smart home integrations.
Take back control of your energy bill. Our goal is to see 15% of America’s electric grid run by solar power by 2025.
Historical Envirosolar Power Figures you may be interested in:
- Previously a top 10 national solar company
- Over 20mw of solar originated in the last 12 months.
- Over 30,000,000 of kWh generated per year by our customers
- ~32,672,577 lbs. of CO2 emissions avoided per year
- ~170,852 tree-powered CO2 absorbing equivalent
About Abe Issa, CEO and Founder
Abe Issa has spent more than 15 years in the energy-saving industry. Abe Issa has enjoyed his commitment to blending helping the environment with helping the customer. Those who make the switch to solar have been amazed at how efficient the energy solutions of Envirosolar Power have been.
Join The Solar Power Movement
It’s time to take control of your energy and savings. We’re here to help and it all starts with a FREE quote for your home!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/residentialsolarinstallations

Did You Know The Cost Of Solar Installations Have Dropped 70% Since 2010?
Hurry Before The 30% Federal Tax Credit Expires On Dec. 31st, 2019!
2019 Is The Year To Go Solar And Save Big With Tax Incentives!
Reduce your energy bills, save money, and help the planet
On December 31st, 2019, a huge advantage for installing solar panels and saving money is being phased out. Solar panels are a wonderful investment for any home, and with so many incentives to help offset costs, it makes sense to purchase solar in 2019.
Not only do solar panels decrease your energy bill, multiple studies also cite home equity results.
Put your roof to work for you
Decrease your utility bills
Take advantage of rebates and tax credits
Work within your budget and financing to achieve your home goals
25-Year manufacturer warranty guarantees your panel efficiency
Combine your solar installation with Intellismart Homes for security and automation
Customer Installations
Envirosolar Is With You Every Step Of The Journey
Choosing to go solar is a big financial decision, and we understand you want to ensure your purchase is a smart investment. Envirosolar has improved as a company over the years, and we have solar installations and after-sale support down to a science. That’s why the professional performing your home energy assessment is not your only contact with our company.
Each customer is assigned a Project Coordinator as well as a Quality Assurance representative. For every procedural aspect of the solar installation, we keep you informed of upcoming steps in your installation. Here is an example of an email communication keeping you informed of the installation status.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/how-much-will-my-electric-bill-be-after-solar

How Much Will My Electric Bill Be After Installing A Solar Power System At Home?
As homeowners begin their solar power customer journey, there are so many questions about costs, return-on-investment, installation procedures, and maintenance that we have created a special answer page outside of our FAQ. We see a variety of ways these questions are asked all throughout the industry:
How much do solar panels cost?
How do solar panels help save you money?
How does a solar power calculator work?
How does the solar installation quote show me savings?
Are solar panels worth it?
Let’s make the process of considering solar panels on your home simple.
How Much Electricity do you use at home?
In 2017, the average annual electricity consumption for a U.S. residential utility customer was 10,399-kilowatt hours (kWh), an average of 867 kWh per month (or roughly 30kWh per day). This number is determined by the amount of people living in a home and how much electricity it takes to keep everyone happy.
Most electricity goes towards heating, cooling, water heaters, and lighting. Are you also charging an electric car? Take a look at the chart below and see if this looks like your own energy usage mix at home:
So, how does solar Power help eliminate or reduce my utility bills?
This question has a different answer for every homeowner in America. The difference between most solar installers and Envirosolar is our expertise in providing a Home Energy Assessment that looks at your existing utility bill, energy usage, local electric rates, and your roof’s potential system size.
We make recommendations that you can DIY at home with little or no cost, and of course, we support the #SolarizeAmerica program with the goal of America achieving a 15% solar-powered electric grid by 2025.
Without examining your specific situation, there are standard electric bill realities everyone faces. Local electric utilities charge a base service fee, and your bill includes the amount of kilowatt-hours you’ve extracted from the grid. When you install solar, you are not charged for any electricity you have generated with your solar installation.
How long does solar take to pay for itself as a return-on-investment?
If you are planning to sell your home in 2019, you are entering a buyer’s market. Adding solar to your roof can make your house more competitive than others in your neighborhood, and give you a comparable advantage. In fact, houses with solar sell 22% faster than houses without solar.
A solar-educated home inspector and realtor understand the value added to your home, which should carry over into your appraisal. You can certainly make the cost of installation back (and Envirosolar will continue to support the solar installation for the new homeowner as we honor warranties, service, and support).
If you plan to remain in your home for years, adding solar has completely eliminated electric bills for certain homeowners. The best case to make a comparison is to have a full year’s comparison and put your bills side-by-side.
For instance, in the winter, you may use more electricity than your system produces, but in the summer you may be sending extra electricity back to the grid and the electric utility will credit you toward the following month’s bill. Ask your Envirosolar representative about the Net Metering options for utilities in your geographic area for specific details of their payback programs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/smoothsolarinstallations

Tips and Tricks To Navigate Your Home Energy Transition
Our Top Tips to Ensure Your Home’s Green Energy Transition
Is The Best Possible Customer Experience
Congratulations, you have purchased or are considering purchasing solar for your home! Welcome to the movement, you have joined millions of Americans who are transitioning away from fossil fuels.
In order to ensure a smooth installation and transition, here are helpful tips to keep your project flowing smoothly. Also, each tip of solar energy know-how is a link that will automatically tweet out in case you feel like sharing these tips with your network and the world!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/envirosolar-power-blog

Welp it's time again to make predictions for 2020. In the solar industry we're excited about the forward momentum in every aspect of our business, so lets hop right in and look at the top 5 predictions we will see this upcoming year.
1. Residential Solar Prices Continue To Decrease
Solar PV electricity costs have fallen 73% since 2010, according to a new cost analysis from the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA). Furthermore, solar PV costs are expected to be cut in half by 2020. The best solar PV projects could be delivering electricity for an equivalent of three cents per kWh or less within the next two years.
Global weighted average costs over the last 12 months for solar PV now stand at six cents and 10 cents per kWh respectively, with recent auction results suggesting future projects will significantly undercut these averages.The current cost spectrum for fossil fuel power generation ranges from five to 17 cents per kWh.
“This new dynamic signals a significant shift in the energy paradigm,” said Adnan Z. Amin, IRENA director-general. “These cost declines across technologies are unprecedented and representative of the degree to which renewable energy is disrupting the global energy system.”
The solar Investment Tax Credit is one of the most important federal policies to support the expansion of solar energy in the United States. The ITC is a 30% tax credit for the solar system installed on residential, commercial, and large-scale utility solar farms which enables you to deduct 30% of the cost of solar installation from your federal tax liability and there is NO cap for that!
The most important benefit of the solar tax credit is to provide financial support for customers and make the process of shifting toward a solar power system more affordable, as well as providing market assurance for companies to develop long-term investments that drive competition and technological innovation, which result in lower energy costs for consumers.
2. Solar Policy Battles Continue In Washington
There has been a much debate on the expansion of solar tax credit. Congress passed a bill in 2015 and the tax credit is now available to homeowners and commercial sectors with different rates through 2021. The main prediction is that the fight rages on for this Tax credit incentive to stay at 30%.
However, currently the full 30% tax credit WILL NOT be available after 2019 and will drop by 4% as of January 2020. The tax credit will thus begin a slow ramp-down through 2022 as follows:
2019: The tax credit remains at 30% of the cost of the system. This means that if you get your system before the end of 2019, you will have the opportunity to get 30% tax credit for your solar panel system.
2020: Owners of a new residential and commercial solar power system can only deduct 26% of the cost of the system from their taxes.
2021: Owners of a new residential and commercial solar system will be able to deduct 22% of the cost of the solar power system from their taxes.
2022 onwards: Only owners of a new Commercial solar PV system can deduct 10% of the cost of the system from their taxes. There is No Federal Tax Credit for Residential solar energy systems.
In summary, the solar Investment Tax Credit is applied to your solar power system cost and the amount you receive varies based on the solar system size you choose. Be sure to follow the hashtags #DefendTheITC & #StopSolarTariffs to keep updated on the battles happening in Washington.
Clean Energy Policy Faces Steep Climb Ahead of 2020 Election
These are busy days for the writers of clean energy bills in Washington, D.C., with lawmakers dishing up plans for everything from a national renewables portfolio standard to a standalone tax credit for energy storage.
The solar industry, meanwhile, is lobbying for another extension to the federal Investment Tax Credit, sending a letter to lawmakers on Wednesday signed by nearly 1,000 U.S. solar companies in support.
But amid this policy push, some experts have a cold splash of reality for renewables companies: Major help at the federal level seems unlikely until after the November 2020 presidential election, including for the solar ITC. The landscape beyond 2020 is anyone’s guess.
That leaves the renewables industry playing a longer game than it would like as the sand drains from the tax-credit hourglass, ahead of an extraordinarily unpredictable election.
3. Solar Tech Innovations Are Looking Sunny
Recently, there are leaps in innovations being made with solar energy technology that might be game changers to both the solar industry and how we will differently embrace solar energy. For instance, the most common type of solar cell today is that of crystalline silicon (c-Si) which has dominated the solar industry for decades. While there are other materials that can be layered in thin films like copper indium gallium selenide (CIGS) and cadmium telluride (CdTe), these thinner films have barely dented the market simply because they are more expensive and difficult to produce. Mono- and polycrystalline cells have persisted largely because of their cost and ease of manufacturing, plus there have been innovations such as thin-film photovoltaics where microscopically think coatings of semiconductor material onto an underlying material will result in better incorporations of photovoltaics into buildings. While solar panels can be great, they are bulky, a safety hazard should they detach and they come with their own carbon footprint.
In recent years, however, the innovation of perovskite solar cells may very well revolutionize solar energy. Perovskites, third-generation solar cells, are composed of a calcium titanium oxide mineral which is composed of calcium titanate (CaTiO3) and they have started to make their debut outside the laboratory over the past year. Their high absorption coefficient enables ultra-thin films of around 500 nm (one nanometer equals one billionth of a meter, or 0.000000001 m) to absorb the complete visible solar spectrum. This new technology will leave traditional solar panels in the dust. What this means for the future of architecture is that every build could feasibly be covered in these cells without disrupting the esthetic form, colors, textures and styles. In fact, these solar cells are already being integrated into clothing where Nottingham Trent University has developed a way to embed micro-solar cells into yarn which can be woven into textiles. What is certain is that solar panels are being reinvented and recast through thinner materials where the tensile strength can meet architectural and engineering standards while also improving the energy output.
Making inroads in solar cell technology, China holds the world's largest market for photovoltaics and solar thermal energy and since 2013 has been the leading installer of solar photovoltaics (PV) on buildings. And just this week Huawei announced its entry into Israel’s solar energy market this week. In order for China to meet its housing needs, however, the construction of most modern living quarters comes in the form of tall residential towers whose roofs would hold very few solar panels as compared to their vast exterior walls. This is one of the challenges that Chinese cities which attempt to take part in the ecological betterment are facing today. Still, China produces roughly 60% of the worlds solar panels, two-thirds of its energy still come from coal.
4. HOA's Continually Warm Up To Solar
In homeowner associations, any improvement requiring the installation of solar panels on a residential rooftop typically invokes an association’s governing documents and the often-accompanying architectural guidelines, approval and potential enforcement issues that come with the territory.
One of the scenarios that inevitably plays out in residential solar installations all over the US involves the location and configuration of solar panels on a rooftop and the resulting aesthetic effect to the surrounding neighborhood. In these situations, a homeowner and their installer may insist that solar panels be oriented on a certain side of the roof for maximum sun exposure, while the HOA’s architectural review committee demands that placement on the other side of the house is better for aesthetics. Or, the conflict might involve how many panels are necessary and how and where the system is configured. To intensify the situation, the installer provides a detailed technical analysis report to the association, claiming that the “efficiency” of the solar panel system on the rooftop will suffer considerably if the solar panels are located/configured where the HOA wants.
Does an HOA have the right to restrict where and how solar panels are installed and configured on a residential rooftop? The answer has something to do with “efficiency” and might even require the intervention of a state agency.
Changes made to Nevada's law in 2009 forbid HOAs from enforcing any regulation that prohibits or unreasonably restricts a residential property owner from using a system to obtain solar energy, including solar paneling. Current laws specifically state that any restriction that decreases the efficiency performance of a system by more than 10 percent of the amount originally anticipated is considered to be “unreasonable.”
The Nevada Governor’s Office of Energy is charged by state law with the responsibility to determine whether an HOA’s regulation of a residential solar energy system is overly restrictive for efficiency purposes. Once a request is made from either an HOA or a homeowner, the Office of Energy reviews information provided from both sides of the conflict in order to provide an official determination to the parties within 30 days. This includes any technical analysis and data regarding the orientation and configuration of the proposed panels provided by the solar power installer, which is independently analyzed and confirmed by the Office of Energy. A decrease in the efficiency or performance of a proposed system by more than 10 percent of the amount originally specified for the system is used as a standard to determine if an association’s restriction is unreasonable or not. The proposed solar energy system is then assessed against the HOA’s attempted restriction and the restriction’s underlying purpose. A final decision is memorialized in a letter sent to the involved parties by the Office of Energy’s Director.
Whether you'r HOA consists of detached dwellings, condos or townhouses, you can utilize solar to benefit your members, reduce energy costs and preserve the environment.
HOAs and their members that haven’t considered solar in the past are now attracted to the federal tax deduction – 26 percent in 2020, and 22 percent in 2021. As the fifth sunniest state, Utah is benefitting from the use of solar. The current installation boom is expected to continue through 2040, according to the Salt Lake Tribune. In addition, new technologies are becoming available that make solar easier, more affordable and less bulky.
Regardless of your interest in solar, we recommend that your HOA revisit its architectural guidelines related to solar panels and other equipment. Pro-solar Utah legislation enacted in 2017 makes the subject relevant to many HOAs. The legislation, called Solar Access Amendments, prevents Utah HOAs from prohibiting the installation of a solar system on detached dwellings, but HOAs may still enact architectural guidelines that limit where solar panels may be installed, as long as doing so does not impair a solar system’s potential energy production more than 5 percent. The 5 percent clause in the law is subject to interpretation and requires the evaluation of a solar installation specialist.
Most solar system installers will provide a free assessment to determine if solar makes sense for a customer. Going solar requires an upfront investment, and for the system to be economical, it should pay for itself, and then some, over time through reduced electric bills. Factors that influence the return on investment include:
Amount of southern exposure to the roof
The number of sunny days in your community annually
Whether trees or other objects block the sun from hitting the roof for part or all of a day
The age of the roof – an older roof may need to be replaced at the time of installation, which would increase costs
Unfortunately, going solar usually involves a lot of red tape for compliance with federal, state, and municipal requirements, although efforts are being made in the federal government to better streamline the process because of its benefits to an entire community. Envirosolar's installers help navigate our customers through some of the paperwork, but an HOA Board can also assist by being aware of existing laws and providing clear architectural guidelines for its members.
5. IoT And Smart Home Automation Continue To Change The Way We Live
Energy Savings -Smart Switches reduce your bills by automatically turning off lights when you’re not home.
Security - When you plug a lamp into a smart switch, it becomes a smart light with home security benefits
Convenience - Home automation via your smart phone is easy. Smart Switches are great for automating the lights so they turn on when you wake up or when you get home from work.
Added Safety - While you are away on holiday, your lighting system could periodically switch on/off lighting in your home to simulate that someone is home.
Home automation is here to stay. When you’re not home, nagging little doubts can start to crowd your mind. Did I turn the coffee maker off? Did I set the security alarm? Are the kids doing their homework?
With a mix of solar & smart home, you can quiet all of these worries with a quick glance at your smartphone or tablet. You can connect the devices and appliances in your home so they can communicate with each other and you.
Any device in your home that uses electricity can be put on your home network and at your command. Whether you give that command by voice, remote control, tablet or smartphone, the home reacts. Most applications relate to lighting, home security, energy management, and thermostat regulation. Now that is a truly connected home.
Last week we drilled down on the current state of play with 5G. This new generation of wireless comms will be a game-changer in far more ways than previous iterations.
How will 5G impact the smart home, though? There’s a disconnect with the Internet of Things in its current incarnation. Most of these things have no connection to the Internet at all. The IoT is fragmented due to weak WiFi, a lack of uniform protocols and the restrictions of LTE. A uniform, energy-saving standard would improve user experience substantially so how might 5G plug that gap?
Previous wireless standards, from WiFi and Bluetooth LE to Zigbee and Z-Wave all come with limitations, and there’s also that lack of uniformity muddling things further. Interoperability could be vastly improved, as anyone who’s struggled with matching up different devices knows only too well.
5G, on the other hand, could allow devices to communicate with each other directly while addressing issues of range and latency that different blight standards. Incompatibility would also be a thing of the past.
So, it remains to be seen if this high-bandwidth, low-latency network will deliver a more seamless smart home experience. We feel it has great potential, but there’s still the severe issue of power consumption to negotiate.
We predict that in the short term, 5G will start by improving the general performance of smart devices but a real paradigm shift is not likely to occur in the next year or two. Let’s face it. We still need to get 5G fully up and running on our phones first!
We took a look into LG’s CLOi range, getting broader and deeper all the time.These robots are now deployed in South Korea’s Incheon airport while many use cases are developing for the hospitality industry. What about robots solutions in the smart home, though?
While they might not look like the robotic helpers touted in sci-fi movies. Robotic vacuums, and lawnmowers and already thoroughly entrenched in our homes.
Although 2019 is not going to be the year lifelike robots penetrate our homes en masse, there’s likely to be an essential move away from single-usage products toward more multi-tasking solutions.
The continuing evolution of digital assistants has laid firm foundations for the human interface capabilities required to ensure robots are intuitive, useful and user-friendly. AI and machine learning are also soaring ever-onward.
From mobile robotic solutions like Temi, a tablet on wheels, to the innovations LG are bringing about with CLOi. The time is ripe for robots to start helping you more. From family-friendly and fun social solutions through home monitoring these devices and robots will help with smart home integration. Expect things to step up a gear on the robot front over the coming year.
In Conclusion
Solar energy has an important role to play in our future. These changes help to produce more jobs, it’s economically efficient, and it plays a major role in they way we protect and use the earth’s resources. The solar power industry is expected to grow; eventually becoming “the world’s largest single source of energy” in the 2020s. Moore hopes for a future where the overall cost of solar systems continue to decrease as there are new developments in solar innovation. She said: ” A few cities in Florida have followed California and made solar implementation in the construction of new homes mandatory. I truly hope all cities in the State of Florida will make solar mandatory for new homes as well.”
A reduction in the cost of these technologies will also benefit the solar industry where it is expected that there will be a global increase in the installation of solar technologies. Also, the percentage of homes in the United States that have solar technologies should also increase to 2.5% by the mid 2020s. If Florida’s local governments continue to embrace renewable energy, they have the potential to become a real leader and example for other states to follow. In the future, we might even see solar powered mobile networks, roads, and solar powered clothing.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/envirosolar-power-blog/2019/7/25/envirosolar-ranked-1-residential-oklahoma-solar-company-and-14-national-residential-solar-company-on-2019-top-solar-contractors-list

With renewable energy expected to be the fastest growing source of U.S. electricity generation for at least the next two years, Envirosolar Power is happy to be contributing to the country's energy mix. Envirosolar has been recognized by Solar Power World magazine for its installation efforts, achieving #1 residential solar companies in Oklahoma and #14 in America out of 415 solar companies on the magazine's 2019 Top Solar Contractors list.
The Top Solar Contractors list is developed by Solar Power World to recognize the work completed by solar contractors across the United States. Produced annually, the Top Solar Contractors list celebrates the achievements of U.S. solar developers, subcontractors and installers within the utility, commercial and residential markets, and ranks contractors by kilowatts installed in the previous year.
"Solar Power World enjoys assembling the Top Solar Contractors list each year, and our 2019 edition features hundreds of companies making big impacts in local energy markets," said Kelly Pickerel, editor in chief of Solar Power World. "Solar power is becoming competitive with traditional electricity sources in more markets, and cities and states are demanding more renewable energy options. It's a great time to be a solar installer, and we're happy to highlight the best installation companies in the country on our list."
The U.S. solar market is expected to see 14% growth in 2019, with over 12 GW of new solar power added to the grid this year — enough to power 2.28 million average American homes.
Envirosolar employs a network of partners who installed thousands of systems in 2018. Since its founding in 2016, the company has originated several thousand solar systems. The company is the first nationwide solar developer who has integrated a smart home offering at scale to its customers.
“This is a very exciting time for us and our businesses. The decade of solar is here and we feel with our differentiated model we will continue to move up in the leadership ranks. We are extremely devoted to nationwide job creation and doing our part toward economic development”, CEO Abe Issa.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/envirosolar-power-blog/2019/10/8/surge-your-career-and-join-the-most-advanced-solar-sales-team-in-america

The solar market has seen ebbs and flows over the past decade and right now, utility-scale solar appears to be the hottest business in town. Look around… Your neighbor, friend, or cousin probably has a brand new exciting job in a rather unknown technology with brightly promised future and the potential for financial freedom!
The trajectories in the solar industry that demonstrate the diverse and sustained growth of solar across the country are extensively growing. According to the Q3 2019 U.S. Solar Market Insight Report from Wood Mackenzie and the Solar Energy Industries Association, the utility-scale pipeline has hit an all-time high of 37.9 gigawatts (GW), enough to power 6.2 million homes.
In the first six months of 2019, 11.2 GW of utility-scale solar projects have been announced, and 17% of those were from corporate buyers. As recently as 2016, corporate buyers were only 10% of the market and passed just a bit more than 1 GW of projects, a level that's already been surpassed.
On the utility side, solar is winning on the price of electricity. Prices for power purchase agreements have ranged from $0.018 to $0.035 per kWh for electricity, according to the report, which would beat any new fossil fuel plant. Solar is now the most economical choice for utilities, and 55% of the 11.2 GW of new projects signed in 2019 are based on economic drivers for utilities. Add that with The Solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC) which has provided industry stability and growth since its initial passage in 2006. In the last decade, solar has experienced an average annual growth rate of 50%. Installations surged in 2016 ahead of potential expiration of the ITC, but an extension in late 2015 has created federal policy stability through 2021.
But what is it actually like to be a part of this new and emerging market? What do the day to day operations look like? One employee of Enviro Solar Power has been quoted saying “There aren’t a lot of industries where you can be successful while having a positive impact on the environment in a personal way. Every day I am my own boss, As long as I am self-motivated I can be the best version of an environmentalist which I am at heart all while being able to meet a ton of really awesome people and impact there life in a positive manner; Lowering there electric bill while helping them join the fight to a more sustainable environment by removing the need of fossil fuels.”
Wood Mackenzie Power & Renewables expects solar installations to grow by 25 percent in 2019 compared to 2018, with more than 13 GWdc of installations this year.
After 2% market decline in 2018 due to module tariff impacts on utility-scale project development timelines, growth will resume in 2019 with more than 12 GW expected. Installations will continue to grow across all market segments in 2020 and 2021 as prices drop and developers accelerate build-out ahead of Investment Tax Credit declines. Over the next 5 years, total installed solar capacity will more than double, with cumulative deployment topping 100 GW by 2021.
Data from SEIA's annual Solar Means Business report shows that major U.S. corporations, including Apple, Amazon, Target, and Walmart are investing in solar and renewable energy at an incredible rate. Through 2018, the top corporate solar users in America have installed more than 7,000 MW of capacity across more than 35,000 different facilities across the country. 2018 was the second-largest year for commercial solar installations, with 1,144 MW installed.
More than half of the 7 GW of corporate solar capacity has been installed in the last three years.
The solar industry is experiencing unprecedented growth in America. For the first time ever, over two million solar installations have been completed and homeowner adoption rates are on the rise. EnviroSolar Power is the emerging leader in the powerhouse combination of Solar, Smart Homes, and Security.
We are growing across the country and our sales team is the best in the industry.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/freehomeenergyassessment

100% FREE Home System Quote
Envirosolar Power is a national leader in solar, smart home, and security. We serve most states, and we are growing every month. Fill out the form and our company representative will reach out to schedule a time that works for you. We look forward to serving you!
Join Thousands Of Home Owners Learning How To Reduce Utility Costs And Manage Energy Usage With No Obligation To Purchase
Take Control of Your Energy and Savings
As leaders in the industry, we are ready to do whatever it takes to help you achieve your solar power goals and needs! We’re here to help and ready to serve.
Have Questions?
Are you unsure about how solar works or maybe you have questions about our systems and services? Well, we have answers! You can start by heading over to our FAQ page to find the answers to our most asked and general questions. If you don’t see your answer there, give us a call! We would love to hear from you.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/solarfaq

Our Complete Solar FAQ
Have questions? Well we have answers for you! Below are some of out most frequently asked questions. If you don’t find the answer that you are looking for, then we encourage you to head over to our contact page and send us a message! We want to ensure you get all of your questions answered.
What incentives are available to me?
Envirosolar Power solar panel systems are indeed eligible for a 30% federal tax credit. Additional state, local and utility incentives exist in many areas, further lowering the net cost of your investment. With a Free Home Energy Assessment, your expert assessor will bring to light all possible rebates and incentives in your area that are available to you.
Can my electric bill be $0?
Some solar systems produce more electricity than is used each month, depending on the size of the system and energy usage. This effectively bringing net electricity costs to $0. However, there is still a minimal connection fee (typically about $100 per year depending on where you live) to remain connected to the electrical grid through the city.
Will I get paid for my extra energy production if I generate more than I use?
Currently, most of the United States is under a system called Net Metering. This is a credit utility issue toward your next month’s bill, allowing your net electricity costs to be reduced to zero but no further beyond that. In a select few places in the U.S., you can be paid for any excess electricity you create in what is known as a Feed-In Tariff system. There is a great deal of pressure to move in this direction and could quickly become the norm for the solar industry.
https://www.puc.texas.gov/industry/electric/forms/dg/DG_Tar_form.pdf
How does the Federal Solar Tax Credit work?
Residential solar is skyrocketing! This is in part to plummeting solar panel prices and general awareness of the need for clean energy. For the first time, homeowners can effectively control their electricity costs by going solar instead of being at the mercy of ever-rising utility rates. By the end of 2019, going solar is even better thanks to the federal Residential Renewable Energy Tax Credit, which can be worth up to 30% of the total cost of your solar installation.
What is the difference between system power output and system energy production?
The AC energy production of a solar array is measured in kilowatt-hours (kWh). This is measured over periods of months and years to compare with sizing and long-term performance expectations of your solar panels. Solar kWh energy production is also typically given on inverter output displays or remote monitoring sites and applications. This can be compared with a household’s total kWh electricity consumption, as seen on a utility bill. This is best used to get an overall sense of your power production by lessening the impact of days of intense or low sunlight.
The AC power output of your solar array, measured in watts (W) or kilowatts (kW), is typically found on inverter output displays or remote monitoring sites. This is an instantaneous measurement, which is determined by the rated DC power output of the solar array, inverter efficiency, and system losses, and is proportional to solar irradiance on the array. This is best described as a snapshot of your energy output in that instant.
Is it true that solar panels rarely produce their rated power output? Is there a problem with my PV system?
Solar panels will typically operate at around 80% of the nameplate DC power rating. This will occur even in weather conditions that might be considered “ideal”. The nameplate rating of a solar panel is a DC rating measured under factory conditions. This means that their rating is determined at a cell temperature of 77°F and perfect sun conditions of 1000 W/m2. The power output reading seen on an inverter is an AC rating. Many factors such as DC to AC conversion losses, wiring losses, temperature losses, losses due to shading and dust, and losses due to non-optimal tilt and orientation of the array will affect the instantaneous power output and cumulative energy production of your solar array.
Can I install solar panels myself?
While it is possible to install solar panels yourself we strongly do not recommend it. The process requires both licensed electrical and roofing skills to ensure the solar power system is safe and optimally designed for 25+ years of production. Errors made can cause significant damage to your home as well as your solar panels. It is always best to work with a certified contractor!
Can my HOA or neighbors prevent me from installing a solar system?
In many cases, they cannot stop you from installing solar panels. Many states have solar access laws that provide varying degrees of protection against restrictions that can be imposed on you. Many new regulations are being enacted that require new homes and buildings to be built ready for solar installation. Your expert energy assessor will be able to answer any questions that you have regarding rules and regulations in your area.
Will a solar panel system affect my roof integrity?
With proper design and installation following industry best practices, your roof will maintain all its pre-solar integrity. Solar panels also increase the insulation of your rooftop and can reduce the temperature due to the sun. To be sure, get a report on the status of your roof before and after the installation so you are satisfied with the integrity of any installation.
What Forms Do I Need To Get “Permission To Operate” (PTO) From The Electric Company?
In order to power your newly installed solar system on, it needs to be checked by the city and your electric utility. While their employees and timelines are not in solar installer control, you can speed up the process by having your forms ready to submit.
TEXAS: Application for Interconnection and Parallel Operation of Distributed Generation
FLORIDA: Multiple Utility Options
Is any maintenance needed for my solar PV system? How often should solar panels be cleaned?
With limited maintenance, your solar system will operate at peak performance for many years. Cleaning intervals will vary depending on site-specific factors such as annual rainfall and proximity of factors causing dust or debris on the panels. This includes things like trees or high-traffic dirt roads. It is best to consult your solar installer for a recommended cleaning schedule. Cleaning solar panels is as easy as using a garden hose to rinse them off!
How do solar systems fair in extreme weather conditions?
Our solar panels can withstand high wind and snow loads. Durable a built to last, they come with a 25-year manufacturer warranty.
What are the details of the warranty?
At Envirosolar Power, our panels are industry-leading and of the highest quality. Our solar panels are extremely efficient and look great on any home.
When you choose to purchase solar panels through Envirosolar Power, you can rest easy knowing that all our panels come with a 25-year manufacturer warranty.
This means that if on the off chance anything should go wrong with your panels over the next 25 years, you can go straight to the manufacturer to have it replaced or fixed hassle-free. As a homeowner, this protects your investment significantly longer and more assuredly than any of our competitors thereby making it even easier to go solar.
Make sure you read the fine print with other solar panel providers as most of our competitors’ warranties only insure their work and installation, not the solar materials that they install. With Envirosolar Power you are making a smart and secure investment in your home and your future!
How does the Federal Tax Credit work in my favor?
Thanks to the decreased cost of constructing solar panels and the increasing desire to save monthly on energy bills, solar adoption is at an all-time high. No longer a hobby for the wealthy, solar panels is a very real, and very necessary possibility for homeowners. Even better, the tax credits have now been extended through the end of 2019 making going solar that much easier! Made possible by the federal Residential Renewable Energy Tax Credit, until 2019 you can receive a tax incentive of 30% on your new solar panel system. This 30% remains in place until the end of 2019 at which point it goes down to 26% for a year, 22% for a year, and then finally 10%.
A tax credit is simply a reduction in the amount of taxes that you owe the government. Generally speaking, a residential solar panel system costs about $30,000. In this case, a 30% credit can reduce your taxes but a whopping $9,000. A nice bonus on top of your new monthly savings!
Please keep in mind: The team at Envirosolar is composed of solar professionals, we, therefore, do not give out tax advice. Taxes differ for each person and anything here may not be appropriate to you. Not everyone will be eligible, therefore contact a tax professional when filing your tax credit.
Tax Credit Eligibility
In order to qualify for the 30% federal Residential Renewable Energy Tax Credit, you must meet the following requirements:
Your system must be installed by December 31, 2019.
You must own your home.
You must pay enough taxes to the Federal Government to qualify for the 30% tax credit.
You must own your solar panels.
This last point might seem a bit odd to you but unfortunately, many homeowners are tricked into leasing their solar panels instead of buying them. In the case of leasing solar panels, the company that owns the solar panels is the one that benefits from the tax credit, not the homeowner. For more reasons on why you should buy instead of lease solar panels, check out our resource center.
Tax Credit vs. Rebate
It is very important to understand that this is a tax credit and not a rebate, this two differ. Tax credits offset the balance of tax due to the government, so if you owe no tax, there is nothing to offset. Tax rebates are payable to the taxpayer even if they owe no tax. While most people qualify for the solar tax credit, there are some homeowners who do not. Anyone who does not owe federal income taxes will not be able to take advantage of the tax credit.
If you do owe sufficient federal taxes the year that you finance or purchase your system, then the credit can be applied to pay off the taxes owed. If you already paid taxes by withholding it from your paycheck, the federal government will apply the tax credit to a tax refund. It is also important to note that the tax credit is carried forward one year.
Example 1:
A homeowner buys a $30,000 solar system, meaning they are eligible for a $9,000 tax credit (30% of the total system costs). Through their employment, they owe the government $9,000 in taxes, but this is withheld on their W-9 so they end up owing nothing when they file. In this example, when the solar tax credit is applied to the $0 balance they owe the government, they receive a tax refund of $9,000.
Example 2:
Another homeowner buys a $30,000 solar system but they only owe the federal government $4,500 in taxes because they were on a fixed income. This customer did not withhold any money from their paychecks and therefore owes the full $4,500 when they file. When the $9,000 tax credit is applied, they can only claim $4,500 of it because they only owed that much in taxes. In this example, the customer does not have to pay any taxes that year.
The upside is that any remaining tax credit can be carried forward and applied to next year’s taxes. In that case, if the homeowner owes the government at least $4,500 in taxes for the following year, they can utilize the rest of the credit.
How do I use the tax credit to pay down my loan?
Your loan is built to be flexible, friendly, and affordable. It’s structured so that if you use your federal solar tax credit or other savings to pay down your loan balance by 30% within 18 months, you’ll lock in a low monthly payment for the duration of the loan.
What Happens If There Is A Roof Fire And My Home Has Solar Panels Installed?
Fire codes exist to protect lives and property. If a solar installation has been properly installed and follows the law, there should be no electrocutions or injuries due to solar panels. This is because fire professionals know how to respond and turn off the electric panels with the outside circuit breakers and power inverter. There are also walkways on roofs made specifically to allow firefighters to maneuver while standing or walking on a roof.
Additionally, there is something called “Rapid Shutdown”, and the Section 690.12 update to the 2017 National Electrical Code (NEC) calls for module-level rapid shutdown of solar systems instead of NEC 2014’s array-level shutdown requirement. In certain jurisdictions, all conductors within an array’s 1-ft boundary have to be reduced to 80 V or less within 30 seconds of rapid shutdown initiation.
Learn more about this topic with this article at Solar Power World.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/envirosolarcustomerreviews

Envirosolar Power Testimonials & Customer Reviews
Here at Envirosolar Power, we believe that the future solar power home is here. We strive to ensure that 100% of our customers are completely satisfied and that all of their solar power goals are met!
Below are reviews and testimonials from customers that decided to join the movement and go green.
Join The Future Solar Movement
If you’re ready to join the millions of other families that have decided to save and go green with solar, then you’re in the right spot!
We are here to help you get everything you need and it starts with a FREE quote for your home!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/visualizer

The Envirosolar Visualizer App
Our visualizer app allows you to create your very own solar home model, create and share augmented reality of your solar home, and allows you to earn money back!
Create Your Own Home Solar Model
Easily create a “virtual” model of your house within seconds. The model will feature your projected savings and system output to power your family’s home's electric and solar needs.
Augmented Reality & Videos
You can create and share a fun video moment that features a cool Augmented Reality version of your home featuring solar panels generating your power and savings. Show off your new solar!
Earn Money With A Simple Click
Share your video on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Email, wherever! Each homeowner that goes solar with Envirosolar that YOUR video started the conversation with earns Enviro Ambassadors $250 or more!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/envirosolapowerreferralprogram

Your Referral Is Valuable
Friends and Family Listen To Friends And Family
It's a fact that people trust other people who have experienced Envirosolar's outstanding residential solar power benefits! Who wouldn’t want to get amazing benefits such as highly reduced or eliminated energy bills, along with rising home values!
Join our referral program and help us solarize America!
Join Our Referral Program
Earn money by referring Envirosolar Power to your networks. For every person that you refer and sign up, you make BIG money! Use the form below to sign up and we’ll get back to you with everything you need!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/envirosolar-sales-careers

Surge Your Career And Join The Most
Advanced Solar Sales Team in America
The solar industry is experiencing unprecedented growth in America. For the first time ever, over two million solar installations have been completed and homeowner adoption rates are on the rise. Envirosolar Power is the emerging leader in the powerhouse combination of Solar, Smart Homes, and Security. We are growing across the country and our sales team is the best in the industry!
If you’re ready to join the movement and our team, schedule an interview today!
Check Us Out On Social
Why Join Envirosolar As Sales Professional?
$100,000 - $300,000+ a year in commissions
Unparalleled training and support
National brand recognition and omni-channel presence
Leading solar company with the most advanced technology and customer acquisition program
Qualified leads provided in your territory
Health benefits
A growing industry with unlimited potential

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/contact

Contact Us - We’re Here For You!
Envirosolar is here for you. We want to ensure that your needs are met and that we can help you start generating solar power and turn your home into a smart and secure home. Use the form below or call us today!
Sales & Customer Service
For national or state sales inquiries, please contact us at (833) 379-0055

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/freehomeenergyanalysis

Go Green, Smart, and Secure with Envirosolar
Power your home with solar, live in the home of the future with our advanced technologies, and ensure your home is secure with the latest security system. This is Amercia’s home of the future.
Discover America’s Solar Powered, Smart Home, & Security
The cost of solar has gone down by 70% since 2010, and if you haven’t put your roof to work yet, you have been missing out on tremendous cost savings millions of other homeowners have realized. We are Envirosolar Power, and we are here to help you get maximum returns from your own energy efficiency journey.
There are thousands of resources on the Internet providing plenty of reasons to go solar. Depending on the geographic area you live in, the financial incentives, rebates, and ways that your utility pays you for the power your system generates will vary. We can tell you however, the top ten reasons Envirosolar Power customers tell us they made the switch from their electricity providers to their own home power generation. It all begins with home owners discovering specifically how much money and energy they are wasting, which is often a shocking realization once they receive their free in-home Envirosolar Power energy assessment.
Find Your Solar Solution Here
Our energy assessment process is simple. You schedule your appointment and one of our highly trained professionals will arrive to perform your assessment. It usually takes up to two hours to check for solar electric compatibilities, thermal intolerances, unbalanced HVAC systems, roof structure, air leaks, shade issues, and more.
Our Customers’ Top Ten Reasons For Going Solar in 2019
Taking advantage of the 30% Federal Tax Credit before it is reduced downward on December 31st, 2019
Greatly reducing or even completely doing away with monthly electric fees from electric utilities
Potential increased value of real estate, especially if considering how to compete in a housing market with falling prices
Helping the planet reduce dependency on fossil fuels
Outmaneuvering and lowering home energy costs as the price of electricity keeps steadily rising over time
25-Year manufacturer warranties for system performance
Looking cool and shining as a neighborhood example
Local, state-by-state incentives
Being part of an energy revolution in America
Smart-home advancements that connect the home together, such as smart thermostats, energy monitoring, and more
Homeowners have zero obligation to purchase anything from our company. If you hire a company to perform an energy audit, it could cost several hundred dollars. Envirosolar Power’s immediate value to you is that we provide a free estimate!
What is your main motivator? Let us know, and we can help you achieve the most from what moves you to go solar in 2019.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/envirosolar-power-blog?author=5c758b5bdb7926d2f8a2923f

Welp it's time again to make predictions for 2020. In the solar industry we're excited about the forward momentum in every aspect of our business, so lets hop right in and look at the top 5 predictions we will see this upcoming year.
1. Residential Solar Prices Continue To Decrease
Solar PV electricity costs have fallen 73% since 2010, according to a new cost analysis from the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA). Furthermore, solar PV costs are expected to be cut in half by 2020. The best solar PV projects could be delivering electricity for an equivalent of three cents per kWh or less within the next two years.
Global weighted average costs over the last 12 months for solar PV now stand at six cents and 10 cents per kWh respectively, with recent auction results suggesting future projects will significantly undercut these averages.The current cost spectrum for fossil fuel power generation ranges from five to 17 cents per kWh.
“This new dynamic signals a significant shift in the energy paradigm,” said Adnan Z. Amin, IRENA director-general. “These cost declines across technologies are unprecedented and representative of the degree to which renewable energy is disrupting the global energy system.”
The solar Investment Tax Credit is one of the most important federal policies to support the expansion of solar energy in the United States. The ITC is a 30% tax credit for the solar system installed on residential, commercial, and large-scale utility solar farms which enables you to deduct 30% of the cost of solar installation from your federal tax liability and there is NO cap for that!
The most important benefit of the solar tax credit is to provide financial support for customers and make the process of shifting toward a solar power system more affordable, as well as providing market assurance for companies to develop long-term investments that drive competition and technological innovation, which result in lower energy costs for consumers.
2. Solar Policy Battles Continue In Washington
There has been a much debate on the expansion of solar tax credit. Congress passed a bill in 2015 and the tax credit is now available to homeowners and commercial sectors with different rates through 2021. The main prediction is that the fight rages on for this Tax credit incentive to stay at 30%.
However, currently the full 30% tax credit WILL NOT be available after 2019 and will drop by 4% as of January 2020. The tax credit will thus begin a slow ramp-down through 2022 as follows:
2019: The tax credit remains at 30% of the cost of the system. This means that if you get your system before the end of 2019, you will have the opportunity to get 30% tax credit for your solar panel system.
2020: Owners of a new residential and commercial solar power system can only deduct 26% of the cost of the system from their taxes.
2021: Owners of a new residential and commercial solar system will be able to deduct 22% of the cost of the solar power system from their taxes.
2022 onwards: Only owners of a new Commercial solar PV system can deduct 10% of the cost of the system from their taxes. There is No Federal Tax Credit for Residential solar energy systems.
In summary, the solar Investment Tax Credit is applied to your solar power system cost and the amount you receive varies based on the solar system size you choose. Be sure to follow the hashtags #DefendTheITC & #StopSolarTariffs to keep updated on the battles happening in Washington.
Clean Energy Policy Faces Steep Climb Ahead of 2020 Election
These are busy days for the writers of clean energy bills in Washington, D.C., with lawmakers dishing up plans for everything from a national renewables portfolio standard to a standalone tax credit for energy storage.
The solar industry, meanwhile, is lobbying for another extension to the federal Investment Tax Credit, sending a letter to lawmakers on Wednesday signed by nearly 1,000 U.S. solar companies in support.
But amid this policy push, some experts have a cold splash of reality for renewables companies: Major help at the federal level seems unlikely until after the November 2020 presidential election, including for the solar ITC. The landscape beyond 2020 is anyone’s guess.
That leaves the renewables industry playing a longer game than it would like as the sand drains from the tax-credit hourglass, ahead of an extraordinarily unpredictable election.
3. Solar Tech Innovations Are Looking Sunny
Recently, there are leaps in innovations being made with solar energy technology that might be game changers to both the solar industry and how we will differently embrace solar energy. For instance, the most common type of solar cell today is that of crystalline silicon (c-Si) which has dominated the solar industry for decades. While there are other materials that can be layered in thin films like copper indium gallium selenide (CIGS) and cadmium telluride (CdTe), these thinner films have barely dented the market simply because they are more expensive and difficult to produce. Mono- and polycrystalline cells have persisted largely because of their cost and ease of manufacturing, plus there have been innovations such as thin-film photovoltaics where microscopically think coatings of semiconductor material onto an underlying material will result in better incorporations of photovoltaics into buildings. While solar panels can be great, they are bulky, a safety hazard should they detach and they come with their own carbon footprint.
In recent years, however, the innovation of perovskite solar cells may very well revolutionize solar energy. Perovskites, third-generation solar cells, are composed of a calcium titanium oxide mineral which is composed of calcium titanate (CaTiO3) and they have started to make their debut outside the laboratory over the past year. Their high absorption coefficient enables ultra-thin films of around 500 nm (one nanometer equals one billionth of a meter, or 0.000000001 m) to absorb the complete visible solar spectrum. This new technology will leave traditional solar panels in the dust. What this means for the future of architecture is that every build could feasibly be covered in these cells without disrupting the esthetic form, colors, textures and styles. In fact, these solar cells are already being integrated into clothing where Nottingham Trent University has developed a way to embed micro-solar cells into yarn which can be woven into textiles. What is certain is that solar panels are being reinvented and recast through thinner materials where the tensile strength can meet architectural and engineering standards while also improving the energy output.
Making inroads in solar cell technology, China holds the world's largest market for photovoltaics and solar thermal energy and since 2013 has been the leading installer of solar photovoltaics (PV) on buildings. And just this week Huawei announced its entry into Israel’s solar energy market this week. In order for China to meet its housing needs, however, the construction of most modern living quarters comes in the form of tall residential towers whose roofs would hold very few solar panels as compared to their vast exterior walls. This is one of the challenges that Chinese cities which attempt to take part in the ecological betterment are facing today. Still, China produces roughly 60% of the worlds solar panels, two-thirds of its energy still come from coal.
4. HOA's Continually Warm Up To Solar
In homeowner associations, any improvement requiring the installation of solar panels on a residential rooftop typically invokes an association’s governing documents and the often-accompanying architectural guidelines, approval and potential enforcement issues that come with the territory.
One of the scenarios that inevitably plays out in residential solar installations all over the US involves the location and configuration of solar panels on a rooftop and the resulting aesthetic effect to the surrounding neighborhood. In these situations, a homeowner and their installer may insist that solar panels be oriented on a certain side of the roof for maximum sun exposure, while the HOA’s architectural review committee demands that placement on the other side of the house is better for aesthetics. Or, the conflict might involve how many panels are necessary and how and where the system is configured. To intensify the situation, the installer provides a detailed technical analysis report to the association, claiming that the “efficiency” of the solar panel system on the rooftop will suffer considerably if the solar panels are located/configured where the HOA wants.
Does an HOA have the right to restrict where and how solar panels are installed and configured on a residential rooftop? The answer has something to do with “efficiency” and might even require the intervention of a state agency.
Changes made to Nevada's law in 2009 forbid HOAs from enforcing any regulation that prohibits or unreasonably restricts a residential property owner from using a system to obtain solar energy, including solar paneling. Current laws specifically state that any restriction that decreases the efficiency performance of a system by more than 10 percent of the amount originally anticipated is considered to be “unreasonable.”
The Nevada Governor’s Office of Energy is charged by state law with the responsibility to determine whether an HOA’s regulation of a residential solar energy system is overly restrictive for efficiency purposes. Once a request is made from either an HOA or a homeowner, the Office of Energy reviews information provided from both sides of the conflict in order to provide an official determination to the parties within 30 days. This includes any technical analysis and data regarding the orientation and configuration of the proposed panels provided by the solar power installer, which is independently analyzed and confirmed by the Office of Energy. A decrease in the efficiency or performance of a proposed system by more than 10 percent of the amount originally specified for the system is used as a standard to determine if an association’s restriction is unreasonable or not. The proposed solar energy system is then assessed against the HOA’s attempted restriction and the restriction’s underlying purpose. A final decision is memorialized in a letter sent to the involved parties by the Office of Energy’s Director.
Whether you'r HOA consists of detached dwellings, condos or townhouses, you can utilize solar to benefit your members, reduce energy costs and preserve the environment.
HOAs and their members that haven’t considered solar in the past are now attracted to the federal tax deduction – 26 percent in 2020, and 22 percent in 2021. As the fifth sunniest state, Utah is benefitting from the use of solar. The current installation boom is expected to continue through 2040, according to the Salt Lake Tribune. In addition, new technologies are becoming available that make solar easier, more affordable and less bulky.
Regardless of your interest in solar, we recommend that your HOA revisit its architectural guidelines related to solar panels and other equipment. Pro-solar Utah legislation enacted in 2017 makes the subject relevant to many HOAs. The legislation, called Solar Access Amendments, prevents Utah HOAs from prohibiting the installation of a solar system on detached dwellings, but HOAs may still enact architectural guidelines that limit where solar panels may be installed, as long as doing so does not impair a solar system’s potential energy production more than 5 percent. The 5 percent clause in the law is subject to interpretation and requires the evaluation of a solar installation specialist.
Most solar system installers will provide a free assessment to determine if solar makes sense for a customer. Going solar requires an upfront investment, and for the system to be economical, it should pay for itself, and then some, over time through reduced electric bills. Factors that influence the return on investment include:
Amount of southern exposure to the roof
The number of sunny days in your community annually
Whether trees or other objects block the sun from hitting the roof for part or all of a day
The age of the roof – an older roof may need to be replaced at the time of installation, which would increase costs
Unfortunately, going solar usually involves a lot of red tape for compliance with federal, state, and municipal requirements, although efforts are being made in the federal government to better streamline the process because of its benefits to an entire community. Envirosolar's installers help navigate our customers through some of the paperwork, but an HOA Board can also assist by being aware of existing laws and providing clear architectural guidelines for its members.
5. IoT And Smart Home Automation Continue To Change The Way We Live
Energy Savings -Smart Switches reduce your bills by automatically turning off lights when you’re not home.
Security - When you plug a lamp into a smart switch, it becomes a smart light with home security benefits
Convenience - Home automation via your smart phone is easy. Smart Switches are great for automating the lights so they turn on when you wake up or when you get home from work.
Added Safety - While you are away on holiday, your lighting system could periodically switch on/off lighting in your home to simulate that someone is home.
Home automation is here to stay. When you’re not home, nagging little doubts can start to crowd your mind. Did I turn the coffee maker off? Did I set the security alarm? Are the kids doing their homework?
With a mix of solar & smart home, you can quiet all of these worries with a quick glance at your smartphone or tablet. You can connect the devices and appliances in your home so they can communicate with each other and you.
Any device in your home that uses electricity can be put on your home network and at your command. Whether you give that command by voice, remote control, tablet or smartphone, the home reacts. Most applications relate to lighting, home security, energy management, and thermostat regulation. Now that is a truly connected home.
Last week we drilled down on the current state of play with 5G. This new generation of wireless comms will be a game-changer in far more ways than previous iterations.
How will 5G impact the smart home, though? There’s a disconnect with the Internet of Things in its current incarnation. Most of these things have no connection to the Internet at all. The IoT is fragmented due to weak WiFi, a lack of uniform protocols and the restrictions of LTE. A uniform, energy-saving standard would improve user experience substantially so how might 5G plug that gap?
Previous wireless standards, from WiFi and Bluetooth LE to Zigbee and Z-Wave all come with limitations, and there’s also that lack of uniformity muddling things further. Interoperability could be vastly improved, as anyone who’s struggled with matching up different devices knows only too well.
5G, on the other hand, could allow devices to communicate with each other directly while addressing issues of range and latency that different blight standards. Incompatibility would also be a thing of the past.
So, it remains to be seen if this high-bandwidth, low-latency network will deliver a more seamless smart home experience. We feel it has great potential, but there’s still the severe issue of power consumption to negotiate.
We predict that in the short term, 5G will start by improving the general performance of smart devices but a real paradigm shift is not likely to occur in the next year or two. Let’s face it. We still need to get 5G fully up and running on our phones first!
We took a look into LG’s CLOi range, getting broader and deeper all the time.These robots are now deployed in South Korea’s Incheon airport while many use cases are developing for the hospitality industry. What about robots solutions in the smart home, though?
While they might not look like the robotic helpers touted in sci-fi movies. Robotic vacuums, and lawnmowers and already thoroughly entrenched in our homes.
Although 2019 is not going to be the year lifelike robots penetrate our homes en masse, there’s likely to be an essential move away from single-usage products toward more multi-tasking solutions.
The continuing evolution of digital assistants has laid firm foundations for the human interface capabilities required to ensure robots are intuitive, useful and user-friendly. AI and machine learning are also soaring ever-onward.
From mobile robotic solutions like Temi, a tablet on wheels, to the innovations LG are bringing about with CLOi. The time is ripe for robots to start helping you more. From family-friendly and fun social solutions through home monitoring these devices and robots will help with smart home integration. Expect things to step up a gear on the robot front over the coming year.
In Conclusion
Solar energy has an important role to play in our future. These changes help to produce more jobs, it’s economically efficient, and it plays a major role in they way we protect and use the earth’s resources. The solar power industry is expected to grow; eventually becoming “the world’s largest single source of energy” in the 2020s. Moore hopes for a future where the overall cost of solar systems continue to decrease as there are new developments in solar innovation. She said: ” A few cities in Florida have followed California and made solar implementation in the construction of new homes mandatory. I truly hope all cities in the State of Florida will make solar mandatory for new homes as well.”
A reduction in the cost of these technologies will also benefit the solar industry where it is expected that there will be a global increase in the installation of solar technologies. Also, the percentage of homes in the United States that have solar technologies should also increase to 2.5% by the mid 2020s. If Florida’s local governments continue to embrace renewable energy, they have the potential to become a real leader and example for other states to follow. In the future, we might even see solar powered mobile networks, roads, and solar powered clothing.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/envirosolar-power-blog/2019/12/11/2020-residential-solar-tech-predictions

Welp it's time again to make predictions for 2020. In the solar industry we're excited about the forward momentum in every aspect of our business, so lets hop right in and look at the top 5 predictions we will see this upcoming year.
1. Residential Solar Prices Continue To Decrease
Solar PV electricity costs have fallen 73% since 2010, according to a new cost analysis from the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA). Furthermore, solar PV costs are expected to be cut in half by 2020. The best solar PV projects could be delivering electricity for an equivalent of three cents per kWh or less within the next two years.
Global weighted average costs over the last 12 months for solar PV now stand at six cents and 10 cents per kWh respectively, with recent auction results suggesting future projects will significantly undercut these averages.The current cost spectrum for fossil fuel power generation ranges from five to 17 cents per kWh.
“This new dynamic signals a significant shift in the energy paradigm,” said Adnan Z. Amin, IRENA director-general. “These cost declines across technologies are unprecedented and representative of the degree to which renewable energy is disrupting the global energy system.”
The solar Investment Tax Credit is one of the most important federal policies to support the expansion of solar energy in the United States. The ITC is a 30% tax credit for the solar system installed on residential, commercial, and large-scale utility solar farms which enables you to deduct 30% of the cost of solar installation from your federal tax liability and there is NO cap for that!
The most important benefit of the solar tax credit is to provide financial support for customers and make the process of shifting toward a solar power system more affordable, as well as providing market assurance for companies to develop long-term investments that drive competition and technological innovation, which result in lower energy costs for consumers.
2. Solar Policy Battles Continue In Washington
There has been a much debate on the expansion of solar tax credit. Congress passed a bill in 2015 and the tax credit is now available to homeowners and commercial sectors with different rates through 2021. The main prediction is that the fight rages on for this Tax credit incentive to stay at 30%.
However, currently the full 30% tax credit WILL NOT be available after 2019 and will drop by 4% as of January 2020. The tax credit will thus begin a slow ramp-down through 2022 as follows:
2019: The tax credit remains at 30% of the cost of the system. This means that if you get your system before the end of 2019, you will have the opportunity to get 30% tax credit for your solar panel system.
2020: Owners of a new residential and commercial solar power system can only deduct 26% of the cost of the system from their taxes.
2021: Owners of a new residential and commercial solar system will be able to deduct 22% of the cost of the solar power system from their taxes.
2022 onwards: Only owners of a new Commercial solar PV system can deduct 10% of the cost of the system from their taxes. There is No Federal Tax Credit for Residential solar energy systems.
In summary, the solar Investment Tax Credit is applied to your solar power system cost and the amount you receive varies based on the solar system size you choose. Be sure to follow the hashtags #DefendTheITC & #StopSolarTariffs to keep updated on the battles happening in Washington.
Clean Energy Policy Faces Steep Climb Ahead of 2020 Election
These are busy days for the writers of clean energy bills in Washington, D.C., with lawmakers dishing up plans for everything from a national renewables portfolio standard to a standalone tax credit for energy storage.
The solar industry, meanwhile, is lobbying for another extension to the federal Investment Tax Credit, sending a letter to lawmakers on Wednesday signed by nearly 1,000 U.S. solar companies in support.
But amid this policy push, some experts have a cold splash of reality for renewables companies: Major help at the federal level seems unlikely until after the November 2020 presidential election, including for the solar ITC. The landscape beyond 2020 is anyone’s guess.
That leaves the renewables industry playing a longer game than it would like as the sand drains from the tax-credit hourglass, ahead of an extraordinarily unpredictable election.
3. Solar Tech Innovations Are Looking Sunny
Recently, there are leaps in innovations being made with solar energy technology that might be game changers to both the solar industry and how we will differently embrace solar energy. For instance, the most common type of solar cell today is that of crystalline silicon (c-Si) which has dominated the solar industry for decades. While there are other materials that can be layered in thin films like copper indium gallium selenide (CIGS) and cadmium telluride (CdTe), these thinner films have barely dented the market simply because they are more expensive and difficult to produce. Mono- and polycrystalline cells have persisted largely because of their cost and ease of manufacturing, plus there have been innovations such as thin-film photovoltaics where microscopically think coatings of semiconductor material onto an underlying material will result in better incorporations of photovoltaics into buildings. While solar panels can be great, they are bulky, a safety hazard should they detach and they come with their own carbon footprint.
In recent years, however, the innovation of perovskite solar cells may very well revolutionize solar energy. Perovskites, third-generation solar cells, are composed of a calcium titanium oxide mineral which is composed of calcium titanate (CaTiO3) and they have started to make their debut outside the laboratory over the past year. Their high absorption coefficient enables ultra-thin films of around 500 nm (one nanometer equals one billionth of a meter, or 0.000000001 m) to absorb the complete visible solar spectrum. This new technology will leave traditional solar panels in the dust. What this means for the future of architecture is that every build could feasibly be covered in these cells without disrupting the esthetic form, colors, textures and styles. In fact, these solar cells are already being integrated into clothing where Nottingham Trent University has developed a way to embed micro-solar cells into yarn which can be woven into textiles. What is certain is that solar panels are being reinvented and recast through thinner materials where the tensile strength can meet architectural and engineering standards while also improving the energy output.
Making inroads in solar cell technology, China holds the world's largest market for photovoltaics and solar thermal energy and since 2013 has been the leading installer of solar photovoltaics (PV) on buildings. And just this week Huawei announced its entry into Israel’s solar energy market this week. In order for China to meet its housing needs, however, the construction of most modern living quarters comes in the form of tall residential towers whose roofs would hold very few solar panels as compared to their vast exterior walls. This is one of the challenges that Chinese cities which attempt to take part in the ecological betterment are facing today. Still, China produces roughly 60% of the worlds solar panels, two-thirds of its energy still come from coal.
4. HOA's Continually Warm Up To Solar
In homeowner associations, any improvement requiring the installation of solar panels on a residential rooftop typically invokes an association’s governing documents and the often-accompanying architectural guidelines, approval and potential enforcement issues that come with the territory.
One of the scenarios that inevitably plays out in residential solar installations all over the US involves the location and configuration of solar panels on a rooftop and the resulting aesthetic effect to the surrounding neighborhood. In these situations, a homeowner and their installer may insist that solar panels be oriented on a certain side of the roof for maximum sun exposure, while the HOA’s architectural review committee demands that placement on the other side of the house is better for aesthetics. Or, the conflict might involve how many panels are necessary and how and where the system is configured. To intensify the situation, the installer provides a detailed technical analysis report to the association, claiming that the “efficiency” of the solar panel system on the rooftop will suffer considerably if the solar panels are located/configured where the HOA wants.
Does an HOA have the right to restrict where and how solar panels are installed and configured on a residential rooftop? The answer has something to do with “efficiency” and might even require the intervention of a state agency.
Changes made to Nevada's law in 2009 forbid HOAs from enforcing any regulation that prohibits or unreasonably restricts a residential property owner from using a system to obtain solar energy, including solar paneling. Current laws specifically state that any restriction that decreases the efficiency performance of a system by more than 10 percent of the amount originally anticipated is considered to be “unreasonable.”
The Nevada Governor’s Office of Energy is charged by state law with the responsibility to determine whether an HOA’s regulation of a residential solar energy system is overly restrictive for efficiency purposes. Once a request is made from either an HOA or a homeowner, the Office of Energy reviews information provided from both sides of the conflict in order to provide an official determination to the parties within 30 days. This includes any technical analysis and data regarding the orientation and configuration of the proposed panels provided by the solar power installer, which is independently analyzed and confirmed by the Office of Energy. A decrease in the efficiency or performance of a proposed system by more than 10 percent of the amount originally specified for the system is used as a standard to determine if an association’s restriction is unreasonable or not. The proposed solar energy system is then assessed against the HOA’s attempted restriction and the restriction’s underlying purpose. A final decision is memorialized in a letter sent to the involved parties by the Office of Energy’s Director.
Whether you'r HOA consists of detached dwellings, condos or townhouses, you can utilize solar to benefit your members, reduce energy costs and preserve the environment.
HOAs and their members that haven’t considered solar in the past are now attracted to the federal tax deduction – 26 percent in 2020, and 22 percent in 2021. As the fifth sunniest state, Utah is benefitting from the use of solar. The current installation boom is expected to continue through 2040, according to the Salt Lake Tribune. In addition, new technologies are becoming available that make solar easier, more affordable and less bulky.
Regardless of your interest in solar, we recommend that your HOA revisit its architectural guidelines related to solar panels and other equipment. Pro-solar Utah legislation enacted in 2017 makes the subject relevant to many HOAs. The legislation, called Solar Access Amendments, prevents Utah HOAs from prohibiting the installation of a solar system on detached dwellings, but HOAs may still enact architectural guidelines that limit where solar panels may be installed, as long as doing so does not impair a solar system’s potential energy production more than 5 percent. The 5 percent clause in the law is subject to interpretation and requires the evaluation of a solar installation specialist.
Most solar system installers will provide a free assessment to determine if solar makes sense for a customer. Going solar requires an upfront investment, and for the system to be economical, it should pay for itself, and then some, over time through reduced electric bills. Factors that influence the return on investment include:
Amount of southern exposure to the roof
The number of sunny days in your community annually
Whether trees or other objects block the sun from hitting the roof for part or all of a day
The age of the roof – an older roof may need to be replaced at the time of installation, which would increase costs
Unfortunately, going solar usually involves a lot of red tape for compliance with federal, state, and municipal requirements, although efforts are being made in the federal government to better streamline the process because of its benefits to an entire community. Envirosolar's installers help navigate our customers through some of the paperwork, but an HOA Board can also assist by being aware of existing laws and providing clear architectural guidelines for its members.
5. IoT And Smart Home Automation Continue To Change The Way We Live
Energy Savings -Smart Switches reduce your bills by automatically turning off lights when you’re not home.
Security - When you plug a lamp into a smart switch, it becomes a smart light with home security benefits
Convenience - Home automation via your smart phone is easy. Smart Switches are great for automating the lights so they turn on when you wake up or when you get home from work.
Added Safety - While you are away on holiday, your lighting system could periodically switch on/off lighting in your home to simulate that someone is home.
Home automation is here to stay. When you’re not home, nagging little doubts can start to crowd your mind. Did I turn the coffee maker off? Did I set the security alarm? Are the kids doing their homework?
With a mix of solar & smart home, you can quiet all of these worries with a quick glance at your smartphone or tablet. You can connect the devices and appliances in your home so they can communicate with each other and you.
Any device in your home that uses electricity can be put on your home network and at your command. Whether you give that command by voice, remote control, tablet or smartphone, the home reacts. Most applications relate to lighting, home security, energy management, and thermostat regulation. Now that is a truly connected home.
Last week we drilled down on the current state of play with 5G. This new generation of wireless comms will be a game-changer in far more ways than previous iterations.
How will 5G impact the smart home, though? There’s a disconnect with the Internet of Things in its current incarnation. Most of these things have no connection to the Internet at all. The IoT is fragmented due to weak WiFi, a lack of uniform protocols and the restrictions of LTE. A uniform, energy-saving standard would improve user experience substantially so how might 5G plug that gap?
Previous wireless standards, from WiFi and Bluetooth LE to Zigbee and Z-Wave all come with limitations, and there’s also that lack of uniformity muddling things further. Interoperability could be vastly improved, as anyone who’s struggled with matching up different devices knows only too well.
5G, on the other hand, could allow devices to communicate with each other directly while addressing issues of range and latency that different blight standards. Incompatibility would also be a thing of the past.
So, it remains to be seen if this high-bandwidth, low-latency network will deliver a more seamless smart home experience. We feel it has great potential, but there’s still the severe issue of power consumption to negotiate.
We predict that in the short term, 5G will start by improving the general performance of smart devices but a real paradigm shift is not likely to occur in the next year or two. Let’s face it. We still need to get 5G fully up and running on our phones first!
We took a look into LG’s CLOi range, getting broader and deeper all the time.These robots are now deployed in South Korea’s Incheon airport while many use cases are developing for the hospitality industry. What about robots solutions in the smart home, though?
While they might not look like the robotic helpers touted in sci-fi movies. Robotic vacuums, and lawnmowers and already thoroughly entrenched in our homes.
Although 2019 is not going to be the year lifelike robots penetrate our homes en masse, there’s likely to be an essential move away from single-usage products toward more multi-tasking solutions.
The continuing evolution of digital assistants has laid firm foundations for the human interface capabilities required to ensure robots are intuitive, useful and user-friendly. AI and machine learning are also soaring ever-onward.
From mobile robotic solutions like Temi, a tablet on wheels, to the innovations LG are bringing about with CLOi. The time is ripe for robots to start helping you more. From family-friendly and fun social solutions through home monitoring these devices and robots will help with smart home integration. Expect things to step up a gear on the robot front over the coming year.
In Conclusion
Solar energy has an important role to play in our future. These changes help to produce more jobs, it’s economically efficient, and it plays a major role in they way we protect and use the earth’s resources. The solar power industry is expected to grow; eventually becoming “the world’s largest single source of energy” in the 2020s. Moore hopes for a future where the overall cost of solar systems continue to decrease as there are new developments in solar innovation. She said: ” A few cities in Florida have followed California and made solar implementation in the construction of new homes mandatory. I truly hope all cities in the State of Florida will make solar mandatory for new homes as well.”
A reduction in the cost of these technologies will also benefit the solar industry where it is expected that there will be a global increase in the installation of solar technologies. Also, the percentage of homes in the United States that have solar technologies should also increase to 2.5% by the mid 2020s. If Florida’s local governments continue to embrace renewable energy, they have the potential to become a real leader and example for other states to follow. In the future, we might even see solar powered mobile networks, roads, and solar powered clothing.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/envirosolar-power-blog/2019/10/17/the-insights-of-working-in-the-texas-solar-industry

With renewable energy expected to be the fastest growing source of U.S. electricity generation for at least the next two years, local solar company Envirosolar is happy to be contributing to the country's energy mix.
With Texas’s solar job growth reaching 9,612 people over the last year, the state ranks 6th for the US in 2019. Envirosolar’s focused efforts on building a brand that people trust to bring into their homes and businesses helped this number grow dramatically. Direct access to accessible clean energy technology is the answer to increasing awareness, educating, and adding clarity to the solar energy process. Our job as a Solar provider is to make that process easier by providing the technology, support, and tools consumers want to gain energy independence, add a positive impact on the environment, and lessen their utility bill.
So what does that look like? In the beginning, The sales rep will work to educate homeowners about the benefits of investing in not only themselves by allowing families to approach financial freedom through utility cost savings and a clean energy future. Along the way, they will begin to inform homeowners on our Envirosolar Home technology and service network. From Solar Panels to Smart Home Technology tracking their own system usage and savings, gaining true energy independence.
From day one, our sales representatives will be provided a career path to rapidly progress in their knowledge of our sales process. A step-by-step development program ensures new representatives have a clear path for a successful career. Once the sales process has been mastered, Envirosolar intends to promote within and offer opportunities in leadership. There is no ceiling to growth benefits within the organization.
Since our team is constantly growing, so are the sales reps within the company. Envirosolar has been recognized by Solar Power World magazine for its installation efforts, achieving one of the top ranks of residential solar companies in Texas out of 415 solar companies on the magazine's 2019 Top Solar Contractors list.
The Top Solar Contractors list is developed by Solar Power World to recognize the work completed by solar contractors across the United States. Produced annually, the Top Solar Contractors list celebrates the achievements of U.S. solar developers, subcontractors and installers within the utility, commercial and residential markets, and ranks contractors by kilowatts installed in the previous year.
The U.S. solar market is expected to see 14% growth in 2019, with over 12 GW of new solar power added to the grid this year — enough to power 2.28 million average American homes.
Envirosolar employs a network of partners who installed thousands of systems in 2018. Since its founding in 2016, the company has originated several thousand solar systems. The company is the first nationwide solar developer who has integrated a smart home offering at scale to its customers.
“This is a very exciting time for us and our businesses. The decade of solar is here and we feel with our differentiated model we will continue to move up in the leadership ranks. We are extremely devoted to nationwide job creation and doing our part toward economic development, CEO Abe Issa.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.envirosolarpower.com/envirosolar-sales-careers

Surge Your Career And Join The Most
Advanced Solar Sales Team in America
The solar industry is experiencing unprecedented growth in America. For the first time ever, over two million solar installations have been completed and homeowner adoption rates are on the rise. Envirosolar Power is the emerging leader in the powerhouse combination of Solar, Smart Homes, and Security. We are growing across the country and our sales team is the best in the industry!
If you’re ready to join the movement and our team, schedule an interview today!
Check Us Out On Social
Why Join Envirosolar As Sales Professional?
$100,000 - $300,000+ a year in commissions
Unparalleled training and support
National brand recognition and omni-channel presence
Leading solar company with the most advanced technology and customer acquisition program
Qualified leads provided in your territory
Health benefits
A growing industry with unlimited potential

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/envirosolar-power-blog/2019/9/13/to-do-good-in-the-world-partner-up

Abe Issa, CEO
We are already seeing the effects of climate change, but thankfully, society has made efforts to be equipped with the most effective tool to mitigate and adapt to it. Protecting our planet today, means a better world for future generations. Many corporations have made the shift to Eco-friendly and environmental partnerships to help leave a positive footprint on the earth. Here are just five that have done their fair share of making the world a better place!
IKEA
IKEA’s invested in sustainability and environment in its entire business operations. It starts with their supply chain, where the Swedish furniture-maker has sourced close to 50 per cent of its wood from sustainable foresters and 100 per cent of its cotton from farms that meet the Better Cotton standards. This helps reduce the use of water, energy and chemical fertilizers and pesticides on products. You can see their commitment to sustainability at the store as well. IKEA has more than 700,000 solar panels powering its stores, and plans to start selling them to customers in the UK. They make a real effort to use renewable energy. In 2012, IKEA announced its goal to be powered by 100 per cent renewables by 2020 – but just four years later, it upped the ante aiming to be a net energy exporter in the same time. With companies partnering to make the world a better place in each area, they are changing so much for our future generations.
Wipro EcoEnergy - Partnerships
Wipro EcoEnergy is doing big things in the world of green business by providing “intelligent and sustainable solutions for enterprise-wide energy operations and efficiency management.” You might have heard of them, but they are a growing force in energy. They partner with companies to help them reduce their carbon footprint and energy wastage. This partnership helps save a lot of money each year for them.
Wipro keeps clients savings numbers under wraps, but they’re much more open about how they’ve helped the environment. To date, Wipro energy management services have saved over 1.5 billion kWh, equivalent to taking over 222,600 cars off the road for a year. That is a great result and they continue to look for more energy efficiency initiatives.
Toms - One for One
While visiting Argentina in 2006, world traveler Blake Mycoskie was floored when he saw how many children were growing up without shoes, making life incredibly difficult for them and their families. Shoes is often something many of us take for granted in the USA. That’s when he had the idea to start a company that donated a pair of shoes to a child for every pair sold.
11 years later, TOMS has donated over 60 million shoes to children around the world. To increase their reach and help even more people out, TOMS has since expanded to provide clean drinking water, eye services, and safe birth kits. They hope to help communities-in-need around the globe.
In addition to supporting people, TOMS also respects our planet. All of their shoes (and even the shoe boxes) are made with sustainable, recyclable and vegan materials. They are finding where they can support the environment and people in each area of the company.
Nike
Nike hasn’t always had a perfect image when it comes to corporate sustainability, but they’ve made many changes that are doing a ton of good around the world. Nike was on Morgan Stanley’s list in 2015 of most sustainable clothing and footwear brands. The key to their success is the company’s robust disclosure about its supply chain and production practices. They’re also encourage designers to make green choices with an app that helps you compare the environmental footprint of different fabrics. Nike uses post-consumer recycled materials in some of its products, including its 2011 World Cup jerseys and shoes. It’s also redesigned its boxes to reduce packaging, committed to eliminating chemical discharges, invested in energy efficiency in its factories and more.
Additionally, Nike is also just recently partnered with NASA and other government agencies to innovate the path for chemistry to green the processing of raw materials into goods.
IBM
IBM was an early adopter of sustainability and Eco-friendly business. Corporate social responsibility and environmental stewardship has been part of the company’s mission since the 1960's. It looks different now as they tackle different environmental issues. Its first sustainability mission was published in 1990 and its data centers have received awards from the European Commission for their long-time energy efficiency successes. Today, IBM’s efforts include smart buildings that reduce resource demand, green procurement, water resource management and more for a truly comprehensive approach. We can’t wait to see what else they do in the future!
CONCLUSION
Climate change is increasingly important and should be a priority for humankind. If everyone made an intentional decision to positively impact the environment, imagine the world we could live in! It is our job as a species to come together and create the change we want to see. It starts with you and me. As a company, we are doing our fair share of partnering to make the planet a better place. Ask us what we are doing and how you can partner with us!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/envirosolar-power-blog/2019/5/9/solar-power-achieves-a-major-milestone-on-the-path-to-replacing-dirty-electricity

On May 9th, 2019, it was announced that America has achieved over two million commercial and residential solar installations powering more than twelve million American homes.
On May 9th, 2019, it was announced that America has achieved over two million commercial and residential solar installations powering more than twelve million American homes.
According to the Solar Energy Industries Association, this milestone comes just three years after the industry completed its one millionth installation, a feat that took forty years to accomplish.
“The rapid growth in the solar industry has completely reshaped the energy conversation in this country,” said Abigail Ross Hopper, SEIA president and CEO. “This seventeen billion industry is on track to double again in five years, and we believe that the 2020s will be the decade that solar becomes the dominant new form of energy generation.”
As founder and CEO of Envirosolar and Intelli Smart Homes, Abe Issa was recognized with multiple Stevie® Awards in the ENTREPRENEUR OF THE YEAR - ENERGY and TECH INNOVATOR OF THE YEAR – SERVICES award categories in The 17th Annual American Business Awards®today.
The Solar Industry Is One Of The Fastest Growing Job Markets In The U.S.
Rhone Resch, the president and CEO of the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA), says “Solar energy continues to be one of the fastest-growing industries in the United States.”
To put this growth in numbers:
As of 2015, the solar industry employs nearly 175,000 Americans.
The solar industry adds more than $15 billion a year into the U.S. economy.
There are over 6,000 solar companies in the U.S., spread across all 50 states.
36% of all new electric capacity added in 2014 was from solar.
The U.S. now has over 17,500 MW of cumulative solar electric capacity, which is enough to provide power to over 3.5 million average U.S. homes.
With Envirosolar Power Will Continue To Grow As The Leading Solar Energy and Smart Home Installation Companies
“We will keep leading this fight,” says Issa. “The fossil fuel industry is subsidized in America right now. But their time is coming to an end.” The IMF found that direct and indirect subsidies for coal, oil and gas in the U.S. reached $649 billion in 2015. Pentagon spending that same year was $599 billion.
“The great part is that renewable power just overtook coal for the first time in history,” says Issa. “We are the number one solar company in Texas, the number eight rooftop solar company in America, and the second fastest growing company according to Inc. Magazine. With over twenty billion Watts of solar added to the US gris and over thirty million kWh generated per year by our customer base, we are ready to add millions more installations across the US.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.envirosolarpower.com/envirosolar-power-blog/2019/5/3/founder-of-envirosolar-recognized-with-multiple-stevie-awards-as-renewable-power-surpasses-coal-for-first-time

AUSTIN, Texas, May 03, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ABE ISSA, Founder of Envirosolar and Intelli Smart Homes was recognized with multiple Stevie® Awards in the ENTREPRENEUR OF THE YEAR - ENERGY and TECH INNOVATOR OF THE YEAR – SERVICES award categories in The 17th Annual American Business Awards®today.
The American Business Awards are the U.S.A.’s premier business awards program. All organizations operating in the U.S.A. are eligible to submit nominations – public and private, for-profit and non-profit, large and small.
Nicknamed the Stevies for the Greek word meaning “crowned,” the awards will be presented to winners at a gala ceremony at the Marriott Marquis Hotel in New York on Tuesday, June 11.
“These Stevie awards are a market nod to the powerhouse trend of solar power and smart home systems replacing outdated living models,” says Issa. “For the first time ever, renewable energy is outpacing coal electricity. Solar-powered smart homes make more sense now more than ever, and the economics finally prove it.”
More than 3,800 nominations from organizations of all sizes and in virtually every industry were submitted this year for consideration in a wide range of categories. ABE ISSA of ENVIROSOLAR was nominated in the ENTREPRENEUR OF THE YEAR - ENERGY and TECH INNOVATOR OF THE YEAR – SERVICES award categories.
More than 200 professionals worldwide participated in the judging process to select this year’s Stevie Award winners. Judge commentary showed that they favored the combination of Issa’s leadership at ENVIROSOLAR and INTELLI SMART HOMES helping customers in the journey of smart home advances driven through energy management programs and reduced dependency on fossil fuels.
“All of the Stevie Award winners should be very proud of their achievements. Independent professionals around the world have agreed that their accomplishments are worthy of public recognition,” said Stevie Awards President and founder, Michael Gallagher.
About the Stevie Awards
Stevie Awards are conferred in seven programs: the Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards, the German Stevie Awards, The American Business Awards®, The International Business Awards®, the Stevie Awards for Great Employers, the Stevie Awards for Women in Business and the Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service. Stevie Awards competitions receive more than 12,000 entries each year from organizations in more than 70 nations. Honoring organizations of all types and sizes and the people behind them, the Stevies recognize outstanding performances in the workplace worldwide.
About Envirosolar Power
Envirosolar is one of the nation’s top ten rooftop solar companies. Our goal is to see America switch fifteen percent of the electricity grid to solar by 2025, and our commitment is to create a tremendous amount of jobs and a cleaner environment while continually improving our customer satisfaction rating.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/envirosolar-power-blog/2019/5/3/founder-of-envirosolar-recognized-with-multiple-stevie-awards-as-renewable-power-surpasses-coal-for-first-time

AUSTIN, Texas, May 03, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ABE ISSA, Founder of Envirosolar and Intelli Smart Homes was recognized with multiple Stevie® Awards in the ENTREPRENEUR OF THE YEAR - ENERGY and TECH INNOVATOR OF THE YEAR – SERVICES award categories in The 17th Annual American Business Awards®today.
The American Business Awards are the U.S.A.’s premier business awards program. All organizations operating in the U.S.A. are eligible to submit nominations – public and private, for-profit and non-profit, large and small.
Nicknamed the Stevies for the Greek word meaning “crowned,” the awards will be presented to winners at a gala ceremony at the Marriott Marquis Hotel in New York on Tuesday, June 11.
“These Stevie awards are a market nod to the powerhouse trend of solar power and smart home systems replacing outdated living models,” says Issa. “For the first time ever, renewable energy is outpacing coal electricity. Solar-powered smart homes make more sense now more than ever, and the economics finally prove it.”
More than 3,800 nominations from organizations of all sizes and in virtually every industry were submitted this year for consideration in a wide range of categories. ABE ISSA of ENVIROSOLAR was nominated in the ENTREPRENEUR OF THE YEAR - ENERGY and TECH INNOVATOR OF THE YEAR – SERVICES award categories.
More than 200 professionals worldwide participated in the judging process to select this year’s Stevie Award winners. Judge commentary showed that they favored the combination of Issa’s leadership at ENVIROSOLAR and INTELLI SMART HOMES helping customers in the journey of smart home advances driven through energy management programs and reduced dependency on fossil fuels.
“All of the Stevie Award winners should be very proud of their achievements. Independent professionals around the world have agreed that their accomplishments are worthy of public recognition,” said Stevie Awards President and founder, Michael Gallagher.
About the Stevie Awards
Stevie Awards are conferred in seven programs: the Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards, the German Stevie Awards, The American Business Awards®, The International Business Awards®, the Stevie Awards for Great Employers, the Stevie Awards for Women in Business and the Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service. Stevie Awards competitions receive more than 12,000 entries each year from organizations in more than 70 nations. Honoring organizations of all types and sizes and the people behind them, the Stevies recognize outstanding performances in the workplace worldwide.
About Envirosolar Power
Envirosolar is one of the nation’s top ten rooftop solar companies. Our goal is to see America switch fifteen percent of the electricity grid to solar by 2025, and our commitment is to create a tremendous amount of jobs and a cleaner environment while continually improving our customer satisfaction rating.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://envirosolarpower.com/envirosolar-power-blog/2019/3/29/a-vision-for-a-sustainable-america

It's not easy being on the front lines of sustainability in America. Throughout the last several years America has been battling itself politically and nationally with regards to sustainability initiatives.
During that time, a fight has emerged between solar companies and some electrical utilities. As CEO of Envirosolar, I have been at the forefront of these solar wars and wish to share with you the sustainability vision that Envirosolar lives by to help America achieve energy sustainability while providing value to homeowners.
A new report has just been released by Energy Innovation, a clean energy advocacy and research organization showing it would be cheaper to build local wind and solar projects than continuing to operate 74 percent of U.S. coal plants. It's no wonder utility trade groups describe rooftop solar as a "disruptive challenge" that threatens revenues and profits as electric utilities continue to raise prices and customers defect to solar. My reputation and company brand have come under attack as Envirosolar scales and continues to develop solar.
Certainly, through my business journey I have learned valuable lessons. Early iterations of home efficiency combinations didn't fully meet expectations for every customer, and these prior businesses paid the price to make good for those shortcomings. It was a business lesson to be learned.
Now, with Envirosolar we are at the top of the solar and smart-home business as we expand the company across the entire US. We have recently launched a new look of the brand, along with substantial customer service upgrades and support systems to ensure we can quickly and efficiently service each and every customer from the beginning of their solar journey throughout their entire ownership of the system. New technology continues to be invested in by Envirosolar to positively enhance the customer experience.
Abe Issa

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------