ROOT: https://freedomforever.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:05:49.081009Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://freedomforever.com/

Your home for clean energy
Freedom from high electric bills…forever
Serving Customers in
over 30 states
RIGHT FROM THE SOURCE
What our customers say
Meet the Myles Family
the Myles Family
Colorado,
Lower bills, greater savings, and complete energy control — see how going solar changed their home.
See the full storyMeet the Baraboutis Family
the Baraboutis Family
Illinois,
After rising bills year after year, Maria and Dmitri chose Freedom Forever. Now they enjoy reliable power, real savings, and the freedom of producing their own energy at home.
See the full storyMeet the Mathieson Family
Elise Mathieson
Weymouth, MA
The big change I noticed was that my [utility] bill was much less, and it was easy to set up automatic payments.
See the full story25-year
production
guarantee
Our guarantee is the best in the industry. We are the only solar panel installation company that 100% guarantees the amount of energy that your solar power system produces.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/about/contact-us/

Get in touch
Want to get in touch? We’d love to hear from you. Here’s how you can reach us…
Customer Support
Existing Freedom Forever customer?
Find quick answers and get in touch with our Customer Support team via chat or by emailing us at customersupport@freedomforever.com
Or, you can call us at 800-685-1850
Monday – Friday, 5am – 5pm PT
Closed Saturday & Sunday
Get a Quote to Go Solar
Thinking about going solar?
Submit your info via the link below to get started with a free personalized quote based on your energy use.
Media Outreach
Reaching out about press coverage or a media opportunity?
Email us at freedomforever@interdependence.com
Get a Quote
Get 25 years of clean, reliable solar power with Freedom Forever’s Production Guarantee! Your energy freedom starts here. Terms and conditions apply*

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/about/careers/

OPPORTUNITY IS KNOCKING
Freedom Forever careers
We are hiring many different kinds of positions in dozens of locations across the country! If you’re interested in joining the solar movement and you think you have what it takes, we want to hear from you. Search open positions on our Indeed page.
A job at Freedom Forever means working side by side with highly-motivated people who believe in solar industry disruption, servant leadership, and who are driven to improve the lives our customers by adding affordable, clean solar energy.
Our Heroes Wear Harnesses
Freedom Forever is actively installing residential rooftop solar in 34 states! From the dry deserts of Southern California to the snow and freezing rain of the North East to the humid beaches in Florida, our installers are constantly adapting to the weather. Watch our install crews get the job done, no matter what, in the fight to make our planet greener.
SoCal
Boston
Atlanta
Orlando
The Freedom Forever Story
Freedom Forever was founded in 2011 on the simple principle that people should have more affordable and cleaner options to meet their energy needs. Since then, we have earned significant success, demonstrating our sustained growth within a competitive industry. Our company mission is to brighten the world with solar energy today, tomorrow, and forever.
Our core values
Our seven core company values serve as the inspiration for all the things we do and create the everyday culture you experience when you come to work. We want to encourage and empower everyone to embody these core values daily.
Branch locations
Employee Gallery
LIGHTSPEED by Freedom Forever
At Freedom Forever, we’re proud to be a solar industry disruptor. We break the mold in many ways… from our vow to use only W2 installers (no contractors!) to our one-of-a-kind CRM and Project Management tool called LIGHTSPEED. This custom-built software helps us manage projects efficiently, update homeowners on the progress of their installation, and deliver a 5-star installation service unmatched by any other solar installer.
RIGHT FROM THE SOURCE
What our employees are saying
I got blessed with a great group of guys. I like my team a lot they’ve become a brotherhood. What I love about freedom is the tight-knit installer group and the office group – it’s like a big family. Not only is it a tight-knit family but the upward mobility was definitely there. If you show potential and you actually put pride in your work, you will move up the ladder.
Benjamin S.
INSTALL CREW LEAD
My favorite thing about Freedom Forever would be the people. I like coming to work…I don’t wake up in the morning not wanting to come work, I actually look forward to it [because] I’m here with good people.
Christian P.
INSTALL CREW LEAD

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/services

OUR BREAD AND BUTTER
Solar Panel Installation
We consider sun exposure and shading, panel layout, roof condition, and your family’s unique energy needs to design your optimal, customized solar system. Behind the scenes, we work with local utilities, city inspectors, HOAs and AHJs to ensure all proper permits and approvals are in place.
I’VE GOT THE POWER
Energy Storage
Home energy storage is becoming increasingly popular among our customers. Adding a solar energy storage system to your home can really make a difference, especially for those looking to leverage solar power at night or for backup power during a grid outage.
STORAGE
IT’S GOOD TO HAVE OPTIONS
Solar Financing
While other solar companies have limited financing plans, Freedom Forever offers options. We partner with Independent Authorized Dealers who are experts in finding the best custom solutions to fit your individual solar and financial needs.
FINANCING

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/about/

FREEDOM TO CHANGE THE WORLD
Our mission
Freedom Forever was founded on the simple principle that people should have more affordable and cleaner options to meet their energy needs. Since we began operations, we’ve been laser-focused on residential solar installation with an unmatched 5-star level of customer service. Our company mission is to brighten the world with solar energy today, tomorrow and forever.
OPPORTUNITY IS KNOCKING
Careers
Diversity is one of Freedom’s strengths. It has allowed us to find the best and brightest talent in the industry. We’re a group of highly-motivated people who believe in integrity, servant leadership and a drive to improve the lives of our customers and the environment. At Freedom Forever, we are a family. We continue to grow and look for team members to grow along with us.
Jobs
MEET THE TEAM
Leadership
Leadership is about being intentional every day to inspire others, foster collaboration, and support the team. Our leaders inspire a positive attitude and growth mindset. Through servant leadership, we are disrupting the solar industry.
leaders
TO BE THE BEST, YOU PARTNER WITH THE BEST
Partnerships
Our network of Independent Authorized Dealers is powered by the most passionate and motivated solar experts in the industry.
partners
TOGETHER WE CAN DO SO MUCH
Advocacy
Through advocacy, we can do great things. Our advocacy partners facilitate, advocate and promote education, support and research for the solar industry across the United States.
advocacy
GOES WELL WITH MORNING COFFEE
Newsroom
Check out what others are saying about us!” to say “Keep up-to-date with all the Freedom news.
News

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/why-go-solar/testimonials/baraboutis-family/

Every solar energy system is customized based on many different factors, including your electricity needs, home structure, utility company rules, state and federal incentive programs, geography and topography. System production may be decreased by several factors that would affect the production guarantee. Refer to your specific installation agreement for exclusions and/or other factors.
The statements made by Freedom Forever are based on the data available as of the last update to this website. There is no express or implied dollar savings guarantee. Statements regarding tax rebates and/or incentives are not guarantees you should seek advice from a tax professional regarding any rebate terms and/or qualifications. Warranty and repair of the system are subject strictly to the specific terms and conditions stated in your installation agreement.
For more information about the Illinois Shines Adjustable Block Program by the Illinois Power Agency, please read the Illinois Shines Brochure.
Legal|
Website Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Licenses

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/get-started

Every solar energy system is customized based on many different factors, including your electricity needs, home structure, utility company rules, state and federal incentive programs, geography and topography. System production may be decreased by several factors that would affect the production guarantee. Refer to your specific installation agreement for exclusions and/or other factors.
The statements made by Freedom Forever are based on the data available as of the last update to this website. There is no express or implied dollar savings guarantee. Statements regarding tax rebates and/or incentives are not guarantees you should seek advice from a tax professional regarding any rebate terms and/or qualifications. Warranty and repair of the system are subject strictly to the specific terms and conditions stated in your installation agreement.
For more information about the Illinois Shines Adjustable Block Program by the Illinois Power Agency, please read the Illinois Shines Brochure.
Legal|
Website Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Licenses

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://portal.freedomforever.com/

Freedom Forever
Portal
Sign in with Microsoft
Sign in with Google
Email address
Password
Remember me
Login
Logging in...
Forgot your password?
New Customer? Set your password

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/why-go-solar/

MAKE A POWER MOVE
Why go solar
If you could potentially: add more value to your home, save money, and add predictability to your bills, why wouldn’t you? With each passing day, switching to solar is becoming more and more of a no-brainer. Here are just a few examples of why solar makes sense.
SAVINGS THROUGH THE ROOF
Meet the Garcias
Meet your new neighbors! The Garcia family will help you to better understand how solar can save you money and gain freedom from high electric bills!
Benefits in
your state
The benefits of going solar can vary based on the state you live in.
Learn more about your local incentives by choosing your state below!
State
HEAR IT FIRST-HAND
What our customers say
Meet the Myles Family
Lower bills, greater savings, and complete energy control — see how going solar changed their home.
See the full storyGet a Quote
25-year
production
guarantee
Freedom Forever offers a unique solar production guarantee – on TOP of your system’s standard warranty! Once your system is on, it is monitored 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. If it ever breaks, we’ll make it right.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/learning-center/

YOUR SOLAR RESOURCE
Welcome to the learning center
Explore our library of articles, videos, and podcasts to learn more about solar power, environmental issues, and energy independence.
HEIGHTEN YOUR SOLAR ABILITIES
Take your solar knowledge to the next level
The Freedom Forever Solar Academy was designed for solar enthusiasts who want to enhance their knowledge on how solar works. From how to read a utility bill to the physics behind solar panels, these are the lessons for you!
Academy
ALWAYS A GOOD READ
Freedom Forever blog
Still thirsty for more solar knowledge? You’ve come to the right place. Here you’ll find the most updated content on the solar industry and how you can leverage that information.
Blog
OUR PODCAST ROCKS
Tune in to the best podcast in solar
Step inside some of the most forward-thinking minds in solar today. The Solar Disruption Theory Podcast explores a deeper side of solar as Freedom Forever’s hosts Sean and Jules sit down with industry leaders, Freedom Family, solar activists and more!
Podcasts
HEIGHTEN YOUR SOLAR ABILITIES
Knowledge is empowerment
Freedom Forever prides itself on standing out in the industry. We accomplish this through communication, transparency and empowering our customers with the knowledge that benefits them.
Ebooks
MASTER THE TERMINOLOGY
Solar dictionary –be fluent in solar
Learn everything to know about solar energy including the terminology
TERMS

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/solar-disruption-theory/

Solar Disruption Theory Podcast
Step inside some of the most forward-thinking minds in solar today. The Solar Disruption Theory Podcast explores a deeper side of solar as Freedom Forever CRO, Chad Towner, sits down with industry leaders, Freedom Family, solar activists, and more!
Latest episode
Navigating Uncertainty, Credits, and the Future of Residential Solar w/ Brett Bouchy
Driving Solar’s Future and Education w/ Jake Hess
The Road Ahead for Solar w/ Brett Bouchy
Compete, Evolve, and Lead w/ Justin Wolf
Building a Bright Future w/ Aparna Mohla
How to Survive Solar w/ Riley Traveller
Revolutionizing Solar Sales w/ Christopher Melink & Kameron Gray
From Trials to Triumph w/ Tyler Jackson (Part 2)
Rewriting the Solar Playbook w/ Tyler Jackson (Part 1)
Riding the Solar Wave w/ Aaron Weymann
Building Success and Purpose in Solar w/ Kiley Powell
Building Trust in Solar w/ Chris Collins and Tim Trefren
Mastering the D2D Game w/ Aaron Lee
Navigating Solar Finance w/ GoodLeap’s Paul Stephan
Thriving in a Shifting Market w/ Boundless Energy’s Riley Traveller and Jay Pelletz
Rising Through Solar’s Toughest Year w/ Brett Bouchy
Financing the Clean Energy Movement w/ Mosaic’s Patrick Moore
Read Your Sales Contract!
Protect Your Money w/ Paykeeper’s Kelly Curtis
Solar Wars: The Battle for California’s Energy Future w/ CALSSA
A Solar Industry Odyssey w/ Danny Rubin
Navigating Solar’s Turbulent Year and Charting the Course Ahead w/ Brett Bouchy
10 days on, 20 days off with a direct sales legend!
Behind the Scenes of the Inflation Reduction Act with SEIA’s Abby Ross Hopper and John Smirnow: Part 2
Behind the Scenes of the Inflation Reduction Act with SEIA’s Abby Ross Hopper & John Smirnow: Part 1
The Future of Net Metering + Solar in California with Philip Shen
The Financial Side of Solar with Philip Shen
Disrupting the Solar Sales Stack with Brett Bouchy
Moving at LIGHTSPEED – Creating a CRM Software Custom-Built for Solar with Zach Bloom
“Adult Solar” with Boundless Inc’s Riley Traveller & Jay Pelletz
Breaking into Solar after Serving – How the Military Prepared Max Britton for the Industry
Solving the Panel Supply Chain Crisis – the Freedom Module Origin Story with Henry Ka
Brett’s History and the Future of Renewable Energy
Powering the Future with Aurora Solar
The Future of Solar Policy
David Bywater
Billy Parish Returns
Defending California Solar with CALSSA
Earth Day 2021
Dream Corps: Justice, Tech and Green for All
Knowledge is Power – Education is Key
Solar Advocacy for the Whole Family!
Taking the Lead with Modernize
Why We Work Safe
Teaming up with the Solar Rights Alliance
Freedom Forever, Coast to Coast
Exploring the Customer Journey
Solar from all Sides of the Table
The Kanye West of Solar Finance
Laying the Foundation
The Disruption Starts Now
Navigating Uncertainty, Credits, and the Future of Residential Solar w/ Brett Bouchy
The Big Beautiful Bill: Saving Residential Solar
Want to talk shop?
Be our guest
The Solar Disruption Theory would be nothing without our amazing guests. Want to join us on an episode? Fill out this simple form and let us know what you would like to talk about on the show. Include as much information as you would like!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/why-go-solar/states

Going solar in
your state
State
Actively Installing
- Arizona
- California
- Colorado
- Connecticut
- Delaware
- Florida
- Georgia
- Illinois
- Maine
- Maryland
- Massachusetts
- Michigan
- Missouri
- Nevada
- New Hampshire
- New Jersey
- New Mexico
- Ohio
- Oregon
- Pennsylvania
- Puerto Rico
- Rhode Island
- Texas
- Vermont
- Virginia
- Washington
- Wisconsin
Coming Soon
- Arkansas
- Idaho
- Kansas
- Minnesota
- Montana
- New York
- North Carolina
- Oklahoma
- South Carolina
- West Virginia
- Utah
Room to Grow
- Alabama
- Alaska
- Hawaii
- Indiana
- Iowa
- Kentucky
- Louisiana
- Mississippi
- Nebraska
- North Dakota
- South Dakota
- Tennessee

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/why-go-solar/testimonials/the-myles-family/

Every solar energy system is customized based on many different factors, including your electricity needs, home structure, utility company rules, state and federal incentive programs, geography and topography. System production may be decreased by several factors that would affect the production guarantee. Refer to your specific installation agreement for exclusions and/or other factors.
The statements made by Freedom Forever are based on the data available as of the last update to this website. There is no express or implied dollar savings guarantee. Statements regarding tax rebates and/or incentives are not guarantees you should seek advice from a tax professional regarding any rebate terms and/or qualifications. Warranty and repair of the system are subject strictly to the specific terms and conditions stated in your installation agreement.
For more information about the Illinois Shines Adjustable Block Program by the Illinois Power Agency, please read the Illinois Shines Brochure.
Legal|
Website Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Licenses

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/why-go-solar/testimonials/elise-mathieson/

Every solar energy system is customized based on many different factors, including your electricity needs, home structure, utility company rules, state and federal incentive programs, geography and topography. System production may be decreased by several factors that would affect the production guarantee. Refer to your specific installation agreement for exclusions and/or other factors.
The statements made by Freedom Forever are based on the data available as of the last update to this website. There is no express or implied dollar savings guarantee. Statements regarding tax rebates and/or incentives are not guarantees you should seek advice from a tax professional regarding any rebate terms and/or qualifications. Warranty and repair of the system are subject strictly to the specific terms and conditions stated in your installation agreement.
For more information about the Illinois Shines Adjustable Block Program by the Illinois Power Agency, please read the Illinois Shines Brochure.
Legal|
Website Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Licenses

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/why-go-solar/our-guarantee/

WORRY-FREE POWER FROM THE SUN
Our 25-year production guarantee
Freedom Forever offers a unique solar production guarantee – on TOP of your system’s standard warranty! If your system produces less power than we say it will, you can get a check for the difference covered under our 25-year production guarantee. That’s more power in your hands. When we say “freedom from high utility bills” we mean it!
How can Freedom Forever guarantee energy production?
It comes down to quality, and standing by what we promise. In order to be the best, we use the highest quality components, installed by experienced professional installers. Each solar system is meticulously inspected by a Freedom Forever professional after installation, as well as a local or city Inspector before the utility officials assess and grant permission to turn on your system. Once your system is on, it is monitored 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. If it ever breaks, we’ll make it right. We’ll even reimburse you for any energy production lost from our fault!*
*subject to terms and conditions of your agreement
How long do solar panels last?
Typically solar panels are warrantied to last 25 years, but many last a lot longer than that. In fact, there are first-generation solar panels still producing 75% of their original output after 40 years. The longer your panels last, the greater your return on investment. Luckily, Freedom Forever installs high quality solar panels built to last and we have a 25-Year Production Guarantee to prove it!
Meet the Myles Family
Lower bills, greater savings, and complete energy control — see how going solar changed their home.
See the full storyAverage American Household could save $2,500 by going solar
By going solar and switching to electric appliances, you could cut your monthly energy bill AND reduce your carbon footprint. Check out this breakdown based on an October 2020 report from Rewiring America study for a roadmap for cutting costs!
Solar power freedom starts here
Get a Quote
We understand why you go solar. And it’s not to give the electric company more of your money! That’s why Freedom Forever is here to give more power to you. Get 25-years of guaranteed production from the sun, it’s that simple.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/volt-app/

Power up your solar sales with Volt!
Volt™ by Freedom Forever is a solar lead management and canvassing tool customized to sales teams’ top priorities in streamlining and increasing sales. Lead management, door knocking, territory assignments, install map, and more are available in version 1.0.
DOOR KNOCKING MADE EASY
The Volt mobile app is here!
Independent Authorized Sales Representatives can now manage leads & appointments on the go with their smart phone or tablet!
- Compete with your peers and track your progress on the leaderboard!
- Keep important sales information in one place
- Create and manage sales territories
- Schedule and dispatch appointments while canvassing the neighborhood
Volt mobile app Privacy Policy
volt by freeDom ForeVer
THE SMOOTHEST PIPELINE IN THE INDUSTRY
LIGHTSPEED integration
When solar sales reps disposition appointment results in Volt, they will flow directly into LIGHTSPEED for easy access to converted projects. Additionally, a NEW “Visits” feature allows for every door knock and every lead interaction to be documented quickly and easily within the app.
Download the app and use your Freedom Forever LIGHTSPEED credentials to login!
Volt mobile app Privacy Policy
ONE PLATFORM. ONE TEAM.
Join the Freedom sales network
With Volt, management can create custom territories to ensure everyone can work efficiently together. Solar reps can integrate their Volt calendar with their Google calendar, allowing teams to cross-reference each other’s schedules.*
By collaborating on one platform, we knock on more doors & convert more homeowners to adopt solar energy than anyone else!
Volt mobile app Privacy Policy
*Details of your personal Google calendar events will not be visible to anyone but you. Other Volt users will only see a “Personal Event” and whether it is a schedule blocker or not.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/voe/

Freedom Forever Employment Verification
Last Modified: 08/27/22
An employment verification letter, or proof of employment, is a form that verifies the income or salary earned by an employed individual. This type of verification letter is commonly used when someone seeks housing or is applying for a mortgage.
It is Freedom Forever’s policy that Human Resources is the primary source for providing employment verification. Here are two ways to request employment verification:
Phone verification: 951.365.3592
Mail verification: VOE@freedomforever.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/dealer/

The Freedom Forever Dealer Program
Freedom Forever leverages the high volume produced by our network of committed dealers to deliver efficiencies and to negotiate the best terms on equipment and finance options.
Join the platform
Our network of Independent Authorized Dealers is powered by the most passionate and motivated solar experts in the industry. What makes this partnership so effective is that you have specialists coming together to give you the best service possible.
Jobs
America’s #1 Residential Solar Installer
We’re a family of highly-motivated people who believe in integrity, servant leadership and a drive to improve the lives of our customers by helping maximize their home investment.
How we’re different
Freedom Forever has pioneered a new concept in solar: rapid growth with positive cash flow and no reliance on outside funding. Ranked on Inc. 500’s Fastest Growing companies six years in a row. Over 985 MW and counting! Our 25-year production guarantee provides customers with a worry-free experience. We only install tier-1 panels, inverters, and monitoring systems. Premium offering with aggressive pricing.
Volt mobile app
Volt by Freedom Forever is a solar lead management and canvassing tool customized to sales teams’ top priorities in streamlining and increasing sales.
- Compete with your peers and track your progress on the leaderboard!
- Keep important sales information in one place
- Create and manage sales territories
- Schedule and dispatch appointments while canvassing the neighborhood
Fast Commissions
Freedom Forever ensures a quality installation with best-in-class lead times. We work to ensure that our customers are satisfied with their system. We install quicker so you can get faster commissions.
We are not afraid of difficult projects
Motivated homeowners often fail to get qualified for solar or are turned away because of a problem with their property or roof. At Freedom Forever, this isn’t a problem! It’s an opportunity. We provide flexible financing options and solution-seeking crews that love a good challenge!
- Great rates and low dealer fees mean that you can be more competitive in the home!
- Financing for almost any situation! Our finance partners offer all the best loans, PPA/Leases, and prepaid leases.
- Finance options for manufactured homes, rentals, low FICOs, etc.
- Challenging roofs and shading? Give us the jobs your current installer has turned down!
As an industry disruptor, we’re used to thinking outside the box and breaking the mold – it’s what we do! So when the industry-standard software for our customers and employees fell short, we tasked our in-house Development team with finding a solution only Freedom would dare to do. Our pursuit of excellence led us to create a custom-built software we call LIGHTSPEED that helps us manage projects, update homeowners on the progress of their installation, and monitor active systems. Freedom Forever aims to provide the best offerings in the industry to our customers and our employees, and LIGHTSPEED is one of the ways we continue to power on.
Freedom Forever x Aurora
Design, visualize, and close a deal in one place!
Freedom Forever’s integration with Aurora Sales Mode allows reps to generate accurate proposals directly from LIGHTSPEED. Sales Reps have access to all of the following features:
Build a custom 3D model in under 30 seconds using Aurora’s Autoroof tool
Alter panel layouts to accommodate customer requests and maximize production
Accurately calculate solar production
Run Mosaic credit checks and send loan docs seamlessly
Easily convert Aurora design to a Freedom project without double entering information
And more…!
Plus, Aurora has created dedicated support channels via phone, text, and live chat that can be used for nearly all sales and in-home needs!
Ready to get started?
Click below to get in touch with us.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/customer-portal/

Freedom Forever Customer portal
The customer portal is your window into the complete installation process. It is your best source of truth for important updates regarding your solar journey and a lot of other useful information.
Check your project status & documents
With the Freedom Forever Customer Portal and Mobile App, you’ll be able to see the installation process as it unfolds as well as access important documents and information. Along with the Portal, you’ll get email updates every step of the way! This is just part of our commitment to keeping you informed and out of the dark.
Monitor your system’s production
After your system is up and running, use the Customer Portal or Mobile App to monitor your current and past system production.
Everything you need in the palm of your hands
With the Freedom Forever mobile app, you’ll have on-the-go access to your personalized Customer Portal.
You can access your Customer Portal and monitor your system performance from anywhere, at any time. Freedom Forever is with you every step of the way!
Download the Freedom mobile app on Android, iPhone or iPad today!
Explore Learning Center content
Freedom Forever and PayKeeper Celebrate Two Years of Partnership
Why Solar Panels Are the Smartest Home Upgrade You Haven’t Done Yet
How the Freedom Forever 25-year production guarantee works
Get a Quote
Get 25 years of clean, reliable solar power with Freedom Forever’s Production Guarantee! Your energy freedom starts here. Terms and conditions apply*
By submitting my contact information including my telephone number above, I authorize Freedom Forever LLC and its subsidiaries, its Independent Authorized Dealers, Bright Solar Marketing, and/or its affiliates to contact me via telephone calls and/or text messages (SMS), using automated dialing technology for marketing/advertising purposes. No purchase required. Message and data rates may apply.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/legal

FREEDOM FOREVER
Legal
Find legal information and resources for Freedom Forever products and services.
Policies
Freedom Forever is committed to your privacy and safety. Please review all information available.
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Volt Mobile App Privacy Policy
Volt Mobile App End User License Agreement
Promotions
Inform yourself about the terms associated with our promotions.
Fall Brawl 2025 Terms and Conditions
$50 Solar Appointment Promo THD
2025 Summer Concert Incentives (CA Only)
Lowes-Sunly Solar Appointment Promotional Guidelines
Lowes-Sunly Solar Appointment Terms and Conditions
Visa Reward Card Promotion Terms and Conditions
Sunly-Lowes Terms and Conditions
Fall Brawl 2024 Terms and Conditions
GiveFreedom Incentive Terms and Conditions
Sunrun Incentive Terms and Conditions
Safe Streets Promotion Terms and Conditions
Términos y Condiciones de la Promoción de Freedom Forever y Safe Streets Smart Home
Summer Surge Contest Terms and Conditions
Licenses
A list of electrical contractor & home improvement contractor licenses held by Freedom Forever.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/legal/website-privacy-policy/

Freedom Forever Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 30, 2024
Introduction
Freedom Forever LLC (“Freedom Forever,” “Company,” “we,” or “us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Website Privacy Policy (“Website Policy”).
This Website Policy describes processing of Personal Information (defined below) of visitors of our website, www.freedomforever.com (the “Website”), anyone who applies for a job with us, and anyone utilizing our products or services. “Personal Information” means information that uniquely identifies, relates to, describes, or is reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to you.
Please read this Website Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your Personal Information and how we process it. We may modify this Website Policy at any time. All changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the Website. Material changes will be conspicuously posted on the Website or otherwise communicated to you.
Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any Personal Information. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that Personal Information. If you believe we might have any Personal Information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at legal@freedomforever.com.
How We Collect Your Personal Information
We collect Personal Information :
- Directly from you when you provide it to us.
- Automatically as you navigate through the Website. Personal Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and Personal Information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
- From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Personal Information You Provide to Us
The Personal Information we collect may include:
- Personal Information that you provide directly. This includes first name, last name, address and telephone number. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use this Website, subscribing to our service, posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for additional information when you report a problem with this Website. SMS opt-in consent for text messaging obtained from this website will not be shared with any third parties.
- Records and copies of your correspondence (including via email or chat functionality), if you contact us. Where permitted by applicable law, we may collect and maintain records of calls and chats with our agents, representatives, or employees via message, chat, post, or similar functionality.
- Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
- Details of transactions you carry out and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through this Website.
- Your educational and professional/employment-related information when you apply for a position with us. This information may include your resume and additional information, such as your preferred job location, recent job title(s), years of experience, set of skills/specialties, the language you speak, education level/degree, schools/universities attended, current/past employers, and referral sources.
- Your search queries on this Website.
Personal Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
We process information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies, which may include or be combined with Personal Information, to help operate certain features of the Site, to enhance your experience through personalization, and to help us better understand the features of the Site that you and other users are most interested in.
Most browsers provide you with the ability to block, delete, or disable cookies, and your mobile device may allow you to disable transmission of unique identifiers and location data. If you choose to reject cookies or block device identifiers, some features of the Site may not be available, or some functionality may be limited or unavailable. Please review the help pages of your browser or mobile device for assistance with changing your settings.
Some of our service providers or plug-ins may use cookies or other methods to gather information regarding your use of the Site and may combine the information in these cookies with any Personal Information about you that they may have. The use of such tracking information by a third party depends on the privacy notice of that third party. We do not respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals sent to us by your browser at this time. To learn more about how DNT works, please visit http://allaboutdnt.com/.
Through Analytics: We use analytics services, including Google Analytics, to assist us with analyzing our website traffic through cookies and similar technologies. To learn more about how Google uses data, visit Google’s Privacy Policy and Google’s page on “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps.” You may download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for each web browser you use, but this does not prevent the use of other analytics tools. To learn more about Google Analytics cookies, visit Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites.
Online Behavioral Advertising: We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include Personal Information, or we may maintain it or associate it with Personal Information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us improve this Website and deliver a better and more personalized service, such as enabling us to:
- Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
- Store Personal information about your preferences, allowing us to customize this Website according to your individual interests.
- Speed up your searches.
- Recognize you when you return to this Website.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on this Website are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies, alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies, to collect Personal information about you when you use this Website. The information they collect may be associated with your Personal Information or they may collect information, including Personal Information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use information (including any Personal Information) that we collect about you or that you provide to us:
- To present this Website and its contents to you.
- To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
- To provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices.
- To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
- To notify about changes to this Website or any products or services we offer to provide through it.
- To allow you to patriciate in interactive features on this Website.
- To respond to inquiries.
- To protect against criminal activity, claims and other liabilities.
- To send you information about our company, Services, and promotions.
- To respond to reviews, comments, or other feedback provided to us.
- To support and personalize the Website and our advertising efforts.
- To protect the security and integrity of the Website.
- To provide customer support.
- To the extent required for benchmarking, data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing the Website, facilitating product, software and applications development, improving the Website or our services, conducting research, analysis, studies or surveys, identifying usage trends, as well as for other analytics purposes.
- To comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements and our policies.
- To market, advertise, and provide the Website and our services.
- To communicate with you about goods and services according to your personal preferences. We may use Personal Information to send you marketing communications and promotional offers, as well as periodic customer satisfaction, market research or quality assurance surveys.
- To the extent necessary for any other lawful purpose for which the Personal Information is collected; and
- For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your Personal Information to contact you about our own and third parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your Personal Information in this way, please send an email to legal@freedomforever.com.
If you are applying for a position with us, we use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
- To Manage the Application Process. We use your Personal Information to process your job application, to verify the information you have provided in your application, to communicate with you regarding your application, to answer your questions regarding the application process and to confirm your eligibility for a position. We may also save your Personal information for future job openings within Freedom Forever.
- To Manage the Hiring Process. We may use your Personal Information in the hiring process to conduct interviews. We may also use your Personal Information to perform background and reference checks, with your consent, if you are offered a position.
- Recruiting. We may use Personal Information to communicate with you regarding the recruiting process, to learn where you heard about Freedom Forever, and to evaluate and improve our recruiting process.
- To Communicate with You. We may use your Personal Information to provide information to you, to respond to your questions, or to notify you of any changes or updates.
Aggregated Data. We may aggregate data that we have collected, and this aggregated data will not personally identify you or any other user. We may use aggregated data in any way that is permitted by law.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We may disclose aggregated Personal Information about our users and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Information that we collect, or you provide as described in this Website Policy:
- To our subsidiaries.
- To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
- To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Company’s assets, in which Personal Information held by Company about this Website users is among the assets transferred.
- For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the Personal Information.
- With your consent.
- To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
- To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
- If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging Personal Information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
The safety and security of your Personal Information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of this Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of this Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of this Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to reasonably protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted to this Website. You acknowledge and agree that any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on this Website.
Links to Third Party Services
This Website Policy does not apply to third party websites that we do not own or control, even if you accessed such websites through this Website and/or our Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites. We encourage you to carefully review such websites’ privacy policies so that you know how they will collect, use, store, and share your Personal Information.
Changes to this Website Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to this Website Policy on this page with a corresponding notice that this Website Policy has been updated on this Website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account or through a notice on this Website. The date this Website Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it has been collected, as outlined in this Website Policy, or any longer retention period required by law. If you are a California resident, please see the section below titled Notice to California Residents for additional information about how long we retain your Personal Information.
International Use of the Website
This Website is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting this Website from outside of the United States, please note that by providing your Personal Information it is being transferred to, stored, collected, or processed in the United States, where our data center and servers are located and operated.
Notice to California Residents
Freedom Forever makes the following disclosures regarding the Personal Information Freedom Forever has collected through this Website within the 12-month period preceding the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy:
Sources of Personal Information
We collect Personal Information from the categories of sources detailed above: (i) directly from you; (ii) data collected automatically through tracking technologies; and (iii) third parties.
Use of Personal Information
We collect Personal Information for the business and commercial purposes detailed above.
Disclosure of Personal Information When You Visit Our Website
The categories of third parties to which we disclose Personal Information for a business or commercial purpose or to whom we sell or share personal information obtained when you visit our website, are summarized in the chart below. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under the age of 16.
| Categories of CA Personal Information We Collect | Categories of Third Parties to Which We Disclose Personal Information for a Business or Commercial Purpose | Categories of Third Parties to Which We May Sell or Share Personal Information |
| Identifiers | Service Providers | We do not sell this category of Personal Information. We do share this category of Personal Information with Advertising Networks, Social Networks and Third-Party Business Partners. |
| Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law | Service Providers | We do not sell or share this category of Personal Information. |
| Internet or other similar network activity | Service Providers | We do not sell this category of Personal Information. We do share this category of Personal Information with Advertising Networks, Social Networks and Third-Party Business Partners. |
| Inferences drawn from other personal information | Service Providers. | We do not sell this category of Personal Information. We do share this category of Personal Information with Advertising Networks, Social Networks and Third-Party Business Partners. |
| Professional or employment-related information | Service Providers | We do not sell or share this category of Personal Information. |
| Sensitive personal information | Service Providers | We do not sell or share this category of Personal Information. |
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as we need it to provide you with our products and services. Because the length of your use of our services are not foreseeable, we cannot provide you with an exact timeframe for how long we retain your information. Our legal obligations may also require us to maintain your Personal Information for longer periods of time if your Personal Information becomes subject to such legal obligations.
Your Privacy Rights
Depending on your location, you may have some or all of the following rights with respect to your Personal Information:
| Privacy Right | Description |
| Notice | You may have the right have the right to be notified of what categories of Personal Information will be collected at or before the point of collection and the purposes for which they will be used and shared. |
| Access | You may have the right to know what Personal Information we have collected about you, including (a) the categories of Personal Information; (b) the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected; (c) the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing Personal Information; (d) the categories of third parties to whom the business discloses Personal Information; and (e) the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. |
| Deletion | You may have the right to have your Personal Information deleted. However, please be aware that we may not fulfill your request for deletion if we (or our service provider(s)) are required or permitted to retain your Personal Information for one or more of the following categories of purposes: (1) to complete a transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or complete a contract between us and you; (2) to ensure our website integrity, security, and functionality; (3) to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or exercise rights under the law (including free speech rights); or (4) to otherwise use your Personal Information internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided it. |
| Correction | You may have the right to request that we correct any incorrect Personal Information that we collect or retain about you, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see below), we will correct (and direct any of our service providers that hold your data on our behalf to correct) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your correction request if (a) we believe the Personal Information we maintain about you is accurate; (b) correcting the information would be impossible or involve disproportionate; or (c) if the request conflicts with our legal obligations. |
| Automated Decision Making | You may have the right to request information about the logic involved in automated decision-making and a description of the likely outcome of processes, and the right to opt out. We do not currently engage in any automated decision making practices. |
| To Opt Out of Sales or Sharing of Personal Information | To the extent we sell or share Personal Information, you may have the right to opt out of the selling or sharing of Personal Information; you can do so here, Visiting Freedom Forever’s Privacy Request Form |
| Limit Use of Sensitive Personal Information | We do not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information other than to provide our service. However, if we used or disclosed Sensitive Personal Information for other purposes, you would have the right to limit certain uses of Sensitive Personal Information. |
We have also created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Information:
- Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
- Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising. If you do not want us to disclose your Personal Information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can submit an opt-out request Visiting Freedom Forever’s Privacy Request Form.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your Personal Information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your Personal Information collected or used in this way.
Exercising Your Rights and Choices
To exercise any of the rights afforded to you under applicable data protection law, please submit a verifiable request to us by either:
- Calling us at 877-222-3940 or
- Visiting Freedom Forever’s Data Subject Request Form.
Only you, or your authorized representative, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information.
Verification
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a twelve (12) month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
- Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person. about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.
- Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm Personal Information relates to you.
We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights outlined in this policy. This includes, but is not limited to, denying you goods or services, charging you different prices for similar services, or providing a different level or quality of service.
Our Response Time and Format
We endeavor to respond to requests within the time period required by applicable law. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
California Shine the Light Law
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, individual customers who reside in California and who have an existing business relationship with us may request information about our disclosure of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, if any. To make such a request, please contact us using the information in the Contact Us section below. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by these California privacy rights requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Website Policy, the ways in which Freedom Forever collects and uses your Personal Information described in this Website Policy please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 877-222-3940
Email: legal@freedomforever.com
Freedom Forever
Attn: Legal Department
43445 Business Park Dr. #110
Temecula, CA 92590

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/licenses

Licenses
Below is a list of electrical contractor & home improvement contractor licenses held by Freedom Forever. Contact us here for additional information.
Freedom Forever LLC
State of California
CSLB 1029644
C10 – Electrical; B – General Building Contractor; C39 – Roofing; C46 – Solar 1029644
Freedom Forever Northern California, LLC
State of California
CSLB 1125479
C10 – Electrical; B – General Building Contractor; C46 – Solar
Freedom Forever Southern California, LLC
State of California
CSLB 1124448
C10 – Electrical; B – General Building Contractor; C46 – Solar
Freedom Forever Arizona, LLC
State of Arizona
CR-11 Electrical ROC 319879
B General Residential ROC 347650
Freedom Forever Arkansas, LLC
State of Arkansas
Residential Home Improvement Contractor 0416810725
Master Electrician M-10107
Freedom Forever Colorado, LLC
State of Colorado
Electrical Contractor EC.0101397
Master Electrician ME.0601313
Freedom Forever Connecticut, LLC
State of Connecticut
Home Improvement Contractor HIC.0658962
Electrical Contractor ELC.0207106-E1
Freedom Forever DC, LLC
Washington, District of Columbia
Home Improvement Contractor License 42022000118
Electrical Contractor ECC2002392
Freedom Forever Delaware, LLC
State of Delaware
Master Electrician T1-0016471
Contractor Business License 2021701305
Contractor Registration DE-2021-000000204
Freedom Forever Florida, LLC
State of Florida
Certified Electrical Contractor EC13008056
Certified Roofing Contractor CCC1332814
Certified Solar Contractor CVC57157
Freedom Forever Georgia, LLC
State of Georgia
Electrical Contractor EN218041
Residential Building Contractor RBCO007137
Freedom Forever Illinois, LLC
State of Illinois
ICC Distributed Generation Installer 19-0021
City of Chicago
Electrical Contractor ECC95495
Supervising Electrician SE6798
General Contractor TGC108411
City of Ottawa
Residential Electrical License IL-24-00-105R
Freedom Forever Idaho, LLC
State of Idaho
Electrical Contractor 053157
Contractor Registration RCE-59337
Freedom Forever Kansas, LLC
State of Kansas
Roofing Registration 24-013245
MABCD Electrical Contractor BUS2025-11827
Freedom Forever Maine, LLC
State of Maine
Master Electrician license, MS60022744
Freedom Forever Maryland, LLC
State of Maryland
Home Improvement Contractor 140496
Master Electrician 16100
Freedom Forever Massachusetts, LLC
State of Massachusetts
Home Improvement Contractor 198080
Construction Supervisor License CS-111662
Construction Supervisor License CS-110314
Business Electrical Contractor License 902-EL-A1
Master Electrician 1136 MR
Freedom Forever Michigan, LLC
State of Michigan
Electrical Contractor 6113601
Residential Builder Contractor 2101127413
Freedom Forever Minnesota, LLC
State of Minnesota
Residential Building Contractor BC783456
Electrical Contractor EA790533
Freedom Forever Missouri, LLC
State of Missouri
Electrical Contractor 2023045038
Freedom Forever Montana, LLC
State of Montana
Limited Electrical Contractor ELE-LCO-LIC-51525
Contractor Registration 268961
Freedom Forever Nevada, LLC
State of Nevada
C-2 Electrical 0082973
Manufactured Housing Specialty Serviceperson 0235
Freedom Forever New Hampshire, LLC
State of New Hampshire
Electrical Contractor 0512C
Freedom Forever New Jersey, LLC
State of New Jersey
Home Improvement Contractor 13VH11080100
Electrical Business Permit 34EB01838900
Freedom Forever New Mexico, LLC
State of New Mexico
Contractor 401682 (EE98, GB02)
Manufactured Housing Crossover Contractor C401682
Freedom Forever New York, LLC
State of New York
Nassau County
Home Improvement Contractor 188421
Suffolk County
Home Improvement Contractor HI-66793
Master Electrician ME-66794
Freedom Forever North Carolina, LLC
State of North Carolina
Electrical Contractor I.38761
General Contractor 84951
Freedom Forever Ohio, LLC
State of Ohio
Electrical Contractor EL.49416
Freedom Forever Oklahoma, LLC
State of Oklahoma
Electrical Contractor 00219289
Freedom Forever Oregon, LLC
State of Oregon
Construction Contractor CCB234650
Electrical Contractor C1612
Freedom Forever Pennsylvania, LLC
State of Pennsylvania
Home Improvement Contractor PA154625
City of Philadelphia
Electrical Contractor License 54819
City of Pittsburgh
Electrical Contractor EL-2020-002392
Freedom Forever Rhode Island, LLC
State of Rhode Island
Electrical Contractor AC005374
Renewable Energy Professional Certificate REPC-199
General Contractor GC-44187
Freedom Forever South Carolina, LLC
State of South Carolina
Electrical Contractor M115742
General Contractor G123173
Freedom Forever Texas, LLC
State of Texas
Electrical Contractor 34467
Master Electrician 408311
Freedom Forever Utah, LLC
State of Utah
E200 & B100 11463513-5501
Master Electrician 11285545-5502
Freedom Forever Vermont, LLC
State of Vermont
Master Electrician EM-05829
Freedom Forever Virginia, LLC
State of Virginia
Master Electrician 2710072717 (ELE, AES)
Contractor Class A License 2705177141
Freedom Forever Washington, LLC
State of Washington
Contractor Registration (Building) FREEDFW794Q9
Electrical Contractor FREEDFW793QH
Freedom Forever Wisconsin, LLC
State of Wisconsin
Electrical Contractor 1518020
Dwelling Contractor DC-112001163

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://customersupport@freedomforever.com/

Your home for clean energy
Freedom from high electric bills…forever
Serving Customers in
over 30 states
RIGHT FROM THE SOURCE
What our customers say
Meet the Myles Family
the Myles Family
Colorado,
Lower bills, greater savings, and complete energy control — see how going solar changed their home.
See the full storyMeet the Baraboutis Family
the Baraboutis Family
Illinois,
After rising bills year after year, Maria and Dmitri chose Freedom Forever. Now they enjoy reliable power, real savings, and the freedom of producing their own energy at home.
See the full storyMeet the Mathieson Family
Elise Mathieson
Weymouth, MA
The big change I noticed was that my [utility] bill was much less, and it was easy to set up automatic payments.
See the full story25-year
production
guarantee
Our guarantee is the best in the industry. We are the only solar panel installation company that 100% guarantees the amount of energy that your solar power system produces.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://freedomforever.com/get-started/

Every solar energy system is customized based on many different factors, including your electricity needs, home structure, utility company rules, state and federal incentive programs, geography and topography. System production may be decreased by several factors that would affect the production guarantee. Refer to your specific installation agreement for exclusions and/or other factors.
The statements made by Freedom Forever are based on the data available as of the last update to this website. There is no express or implied dollar savings guarantee. Statements regarding tax rebates and/or incentives are not guarantees you should seek advice from a tax professional regarding any rebate terms and/or qualifications. Warranty and repair of the system are subject strictly to the specific terms and conditions stated in your installation agreement.
For more information about the Illinois Shines Adjustable Block Program by the Illinois Power Agency, please read the Illinois Shines Brochure.
Legal|
Website Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Licenses

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://portal.freedomforever.com/password/reset

Reset Password
E-Mail Address
Send Password Reset Link

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------