ROOT: https://gevernova.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:08:11.959836Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 9

================================================================================

URL: https://gevernova.com/

See how The Energy of Change is working to power the future
Feature Stories
Our Mission
At GE Vernova, we are united by a single, urgent, and optimistic mission: electrify to thrive and decarbonize. The world needs us to accelerate the transition to more reliable, affordable, and sustainable energy. Together, we have the energy to change the world.
Latest Announcements
Partner with us
With a relentless passion for innovation and a diverse portfolio of leading technologies, GE Vernova is continuing to electrify the world while simultaneously decarbonizing it. We will help reduce the carbon-intensity of the world’s power systems by reducing the CO2 per kWh produced.
Come bring the energy to change the world
We are approximately 85,000 strong across about 100 countries around the world. If you are ready to make a difference and usher in the new era of energy, come join us.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://gevernova.com/company/leadership

WE BRING THE ENERGY
Learn how we're rallying 12 businesses to lead the energy transition.
Scott Strazik is the chief executive officer (CEO) and president of GE Vernova (NYSE: GEV), a purpose-built global company focused on electrifying to thrive and decarbonize the world and leading the future of energy. With approximately 85,000 employees in over 100 countries, the company’s technology base helps generate one quarter of the world's electricity.
Vic Abate is chief executive officer (CEO) of GE Vernova’s Wind segment, which serve utilities, renewable developers, independent power producers, and commercial customers with wind products and services to provide carbon-free power generation.
Steven Baert is chief people officer of GE Vernova. In this role, he is responsible for ensuring our people, organization, and culture drive our performance and align with current and future-state business needs, including workforce planning, talent acquisition and development, compensation and benefits, labor and employee relations, and HR operations as well as engagement and inclusion. He is also responsible for Safety, Health, Security and the wellbeing of our teams.
Kristin Carvell is chief communications officer of GE Vernova. In this role, she leads global communications and brand marketing. Kristin also serves as president of the GE Vernova Foundation, providing strategic leadership, overseeing operations, and ensuring the organization fulfills its mission and objectives.
Eric is the chief executive officer (CEO) of GE Vernova's Power segment, which provides a wide-range of industry-leading power generation options.
Pablo Koziner is the Chief Commercial and Operations Officer of GE Vernova. In this role, Pablo leads enterprise strategic growth and operational excellence across customer markets, technology development, and supply chain operations.
Lola Lin is GE Vernova’s Chief Legal Officer and Secretary and a member of the GE Vernova Executive Leadership Team. In her role as Chief Legal Officer, Lola oversees all legal affairs, ensuring that GE Vernova continues to operate with integrity, compliance, and a commitment to excellence.
Roger Martella is Chief Corporate Officer, where he serves on GE Vernova's Executive Leadershp Team in addition to Head of Global Government Affairs and Policy, and Chief Sustainability Officer. In this role, Roger engages the world’s top public and private sector leaders to solve for energy affordability, reliability, security, and sustainability.
Ken Parks is chief financial officer (CFO) of GE Vernova. In this role, he oversees all aspects of finance, digital technology, sourcing, and business development, and is responsible for relationships with investors, capital markets, and rating agencies as well as overall business process transformation.
Philippe Piron is chief executive officer (CEO) of GE Vernova’s Electrification segment, which provide products and services required for the transmission, distribution, conversion, storage, and orchestration of electricity from point of generation to point of consumption. He also serves as president and CEO of GE Vernova’s Grid Solutions and Power Conversion businesses.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://gevernova.com/investors

Power
Providing dispatchable, flexible electricity generation solutions and focused on reducing carbon intensity.
January 28 2026 | 7:30 am - EST
GE Vernova is a purpose-built company driving electrification and decarbonization. Electricity is crucial to modern civilization and improved quality of life. We help customers create a more sustainable world by delivering products and services that generate, transfer, orchestrate, convert, and store electricity. With approximately 25% of the world’s electricity generated by our customers using our technologies, GE Vernova is uniquely positioned to lead customers through the energy transition, solving for the energy trilemma of reliability, affordability, and sustainability. Our diverse and experienced leadership team brings deep industry and public company expertise to drive long-term shareholder value.
Our customers generate approximately 25% of the electricity in the world today using GE Vernova’s installed base of technologies.
GE Vernova has the largest fleet on a megawatt basis and ~7K installed gas turbines, including some of the largest, most efficient gas turbines, capable of running on hydrogen blends.
GE Vernova has an installed base of ~59,000 wind turbines totaling 120 GW+ of installed capacity and the largest installed base of onshore turbines in the United States.
Services account for >55% of backlog, providing GE Vernova with visibility into cash flow streams and keeping us close to our customers.
Providing dispatchable, flexible electricity generation solutions and focused on reducing carbon intensity.
An industry leader with technology positioned to meet multi-year demand and help deliver a decarbonized future.
Developing and orchestrating a modernized and digitized grid in order to meet the demands of today and tomorrow.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://gevernova.com/company/about

A unified and powerful Force
Our mission is clear
Addressing the urgent need to build a more sustainable electric power system while improving the trajectory of climate change emissions are global priorities, and we take our responsibility seriously. That is our mission at GE Vernova: continuing to electrify to thrive and decarbonize the world.
If we want our energy future to be different — we must be different.
Our mission is embedded in our name. We retain our treasured legacy, “GE,” in our name as an enduring and hard-earned badge of quality and ingenuity. “Ver” / “verde” signal Earth’s verdant and lush ecosystems. “Nova,” from the Latin “novus,” nods to a new, innovative era of lower carbon energy that GE Vernova will help deliver.
Together, we have The Energy to Change the World.
85,000
Passionate individuals that make up our
unstoppable team
~25%
With approximate 59,000 wind turbines and 7,000 gas turbines, GE Vernova's technology base helps generate approximately 25% of the world's electricity.
2030
Our target for carbon neutrality in our facilities and operations.
"We are united by a single, urgent purpose to electrify and decarbonize the planet, and together, we have the energy to change the world."
New Global headquarters
As we plan our next chapter, we're excited to announce that GE Vernova has selected Cambridge, MA as its global headquarters. Cambridge offers a dynamic environment, steeped in the education, talent and innovation that will be core components of our work with customers to decarbonize power generation and lead the energy transition. We look forward to being an active, proud community member and welcoming customers, partners, and top talent from around the world.
Come bring your energy to change the world
We are approximately 85,000 strong across 100+ countries around the world. If you are ready to make a difference and usher in a new era of energy, come join us. At GE Vernova, we have The Energy to Change the World. Let's get started.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.gevernova.com/financial-services

About us
With in-house project specialists - across commercial, finance, risk, environmental, technical, permitting, legal, tax, insurance, regulatory affairs and market strategy - and a broad network of strategic and investment partners, our offering is unique and unmatched by any industry OEM.
Financial Services has helped deliver $25B+ of capital to ~30 gigawatts of global renewable projects, through co-development funding, balance sheet investments and third-party capital.
Leveraging the scale and breadth of GE Vernova's energy transition products, we partner to create new market opportunities, influence policy and funding decisions and ensure access to the capital required to meet net zero and ESG goals.
Scale
Scale
We serve GE Vernova's global power and renewable energy customers by providing financial solutions at any stage of a project. Our solutions span the capital spectrum and reach customers across the 180 countries GE Vernova operates in.
People
People
Our leadership team has an average of 20+ years of industry expertise and is supported by a team of specialists in risk, portfolio, tax, insurance, legal, engineering, environmental, market strategy and regulatory affairs.
Financing
Financing
We help developed and emerging markets finance their energy needs. We offer a wide range of investing and capital raising solutions, tailored to our customers' needs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://gevernova.com/steam-power/

Webinar
As steam plant generators approach their 30th year, the risks of new obstacles—including forced outage scenarios—ramp up. Learn how advanced planning is critical to help you side-step unplanned downtime.
Kevin Sheridan
Business Development Leader, Steam Plant Generators GE Vernova
Chris Dahms
Senior Generator Specialist, Steam Plants GE Vernova
Your energy transition partner
Our fossil customers are challenged with demands to be more agile than ever before as they balance delivering reliable power today with planning their decarbonization strategies going forward.
With power demand growing over time and energy security priorities, many nuclear operators are seeing new opportunities to extend the life of their operations as key players in the future energy mix.
And for our industrial customers, their need for cost-effective power services to keep production lines running uninterrupted is our shared priority.
GE Vernova's Steam Power Services team stands ready to support all of our customers as an energy transition partner. We continue adapting our capabilities to address your most pressing day-to-day needs and broader life cycle strategy to:
At the same time, nearly half of all power globally today is still produced from fossil and nuclear. Our customers are balancing the challenge of lowering CO2 and providing affordable, reliable power.
From core service parts replacements and repairs, to advanced outage planning/execution, to life extension solutions, our Steam Power team stands ready to support your steam turbine, generator, controls and auxiliary assets. With field service teams and service centers across the Americas region, we can quickly mobilize for your planned and unplanned needs.
Steam turbine services
Generator services
Controls services
Solutioning for emergent work
High performance outage execution
Regardless of where you are in your operating life cycle, our team is committed to supporting your fossil operations. Understanding your need to get the most life from your existing equipment, we can apply our OEM insights to help you operate to the design boundaries of your assets… and respond with speed to your ongoing core service needs.
Steam turbine services
Generator services
Controls services
Emergency response mobilization
Advanced outage execution
Strategic solutioning
With market forces including inflation and supply chain headwinds impacting your operation, our team recognizes the value of delivering cost-effective solutions to keep your power equipment running without interruption. And with reliability as your top priority, we’re focused on optimizing our capabilities to respond FAST when and where you need us.
Industrial service portfolio
Industrial steam turbine services
Industrial generator services
Why choose a life extension?
Reducing downtime
Lowering your operating costs
Contact us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://gevernova.com/company/philanthropy

Philanthropy
Our commitment to community
GE Vernova’s philanthropy reflects a commitment to making a meaningful impact in the communities where our employees live and work. We are bringing the energy to change the world—from our newly formed foundation, our company and our employees. Our resources are channeled into initiatives focused on championing the global workforce needed for the energy transition as well as building stronger and more resilient communities.
These efforts are a key element of how GE Vernova will animate the company's sustainability framework which includes four pillars: electrify, decarbonize, conserve, and thrive.
our focus areas
Building the future workforce
Within the next decade, one of the greatest challenges for the energy sector will be the increasing demand for skilled workers. To address this growing global skills gap, it is critical to invest in both the future and current workforce. Encouraging young people to pursue STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math), skilled trades, and manufacturing careers is vital to helping bridge the global skills gap to ensure a sustainable energy future. Similarly, providing reskilling and upskilling training to the current workforce helps ensure no worker is left behind.
GE Vernova Fellows
GE Vernova Fellows is an endowed scholarship program inspiring more students to pursue renewable energy careers and building workforce capacity in offshore wind. Funding supports exploration programs for middle and high-school students, scholarships for undergraduate and graduate students, and an offshore wind training and certification program to upskill the incumbent workforce with a focus on skilled trades and technicians. The program awards up to $150,000 in scholarships annually.
Next Engineers
Next Engineers is a global college and career-readiness program providing students, ages 13 to 18, with first-hand experiences in engineering concepts and careers. Funded by the GE Foundation in 2021, the program awards partial scholarships to pursue higher education in engineering or engineering apprenticeships, and is supported by GE Vernova volunteer teams in Greenville, South Carolina; Johannesburg, South Africa; and Staffordshire, UK. In those three cities, Next Engineers has reached more than 16,500 students since its inception.
RENEW Skills Vietnam
The RENEW Skills program, launched in November 2024, is a three-year skilling and upskilling program with the goal of addressing the skilled labor needs across Vietnam’s energy industry. The RENEW Skills program focuses on both the current workforce and the future generations of university and technical vocational college students, by providing access to new curricula and practical training focused on wind energy technology operations and maintenance, grid integration, and workplace safety.
As Vietnam works to meet its 2050 Net Zero commitment, skilled workers and technicians will play a vital role in building a sustainable energy future. And because of that, and in alignment with the Just Energy Transition Partnership agreement announced in 2022, the GE Vernova Foundation recognizes the importance of investing in new training and educational programs and drive awareness of these critical careers as Vietnam implements its Resource Mobilization Plan.
GE Vernova Future of Energy Scholarship
Students pursuing skilled trades training often encounter significant financial barriers that can impede their ability to complete their education. Unlike traditional academic paths, skilled trades programs may require specialized tools, equipment and materials, which can be costly for students. Additionally, these programs often have fewer scholarship and financial aid opportunities available compared to conventional college courses, leaving students to rely more heavily on personal or family resources. These financial challenges can lead to increased dropout rates or delayed program completion, ultimately affecting the availability of skilled workers in critical industries such as manufacturing and energy.
In collaboration with the Atlanta-based SkillPointe Foundation, the GE Vernova Future of Energy SkillPointe scholarship aims to address these financial barriers by offering 100 scholarships to support students in achieving their educational and career goals in the skilled trades. The program has launched in five U.S. locations – all home to GE Vernova facilities – Charleroi, PA; Greenville, SC; Houston, TX; Schenectady, NY; and Pensacola, FL.
Massachusetts Technical Skills Development
GE Vernova is proud to have its global headquarters based in Massachusetts, and through robust partnerships and local community investments, we are committed to ensuring that both the current and future workforce are equipped with the necessary skills to support the burgeoning energy industry. In partnership with the Massachusetts Workforce Skills Cabinet, GE Vernova Foundation launched a two-year skills program with the aim of supporting technology and instructional lab spaces at Career Technical Institutes across the state to bolster the workforce training programs, with a focus on skilled trades.
GE Vernova STAR Scholarships
The GE Vernova STAR Scholarship program recognizes employees, celebrates their children’s achievements, and helps defray the cost of post-secondary education by providing competitive scholarships. The program awards students based on their academic record, extracurricular activities and community service, and experiences and goals. Since 2023, nearly $400,000 has been awarded, recognizing more than 100 students from over 20 countries.
Growing stronger, more resilient communities
We believe supporting communities enhances social responsibility, fosters sustainable development, and promotes connectedness which, in turn, contributes to a more prosperous and equitable world for all. Programs supporting our employee workforce and the communities where we live and work continue to be a crucial component of the GE Vernova Foundation.
Green Spaces
Creating urban green spaces is vital for environmental and social well-being, enhancing air quality, biodiversity, and community cohesion. On Earth Day 2025, the GE Vernova Foundation announced a new grant program focused on green spaces, an expansion of its commitments to growing stronger, more resilient communities and creating long-lasting environmental benefits through innovation and partnership. To kick off the initiative, the Foundation committed a $500,000, two-year grant to the Trust for Public Land (TPL)—$250,000 allocated to helping bring green spaces to underrepresented communities in the Boston area, and the remaining $250,000 allocated to support Atlanta Public Schools by transforming 10 schoolyards. Together these projects aim to provide nearly 75,000 local students and residents greater access to nature and outdoor areas within a 10-minute walk.
Matching Gifts
The GE Vernova Foundation provides a year-round matching gifts program to support global employees in their personal philanthropy and charitable giving. Having created the concept of a corporate matching gift program in 1954, the GE Vernova Foundation is building upon the GE Foundation’s legacy by providing a match.
Disaster Relief and Humanitarian Aid
This relief program responds to global disasters and humanitarian crises, drawing on our people, technology, and foundation resources to reduce suffering and hasten recovery. In 2024, the GE Foundation committed $1,000,000 in relief aid to those impacted by global disasters. Grants were funded to CARE to support those affected by Typhoon Yagi in Vietnam, the country’s strongest typhoon in three decades, and Storm Boris, which caused extensive flooding in central Europe. Grants were also issued to the American Red Cross and Team Rubicon to aid recovery from Hurricanes Helene and Milton which devastated large areas across the southeast United States, and to the Spanish Red Cross to help recovery efforts in Spain following severe flooding in the province of Valencia.
United Way
GE had a long-standing relationship with local United Way organizations and many GE Vernova locations in North America have chosen to continue this tradition. These collaborations allow GE Vernova to make meaningful impact through the local United Way’s extensive network and expertise, ensuring contributions are effectively directed to areas of greatest need.
Earth Week
During Earth Week, GE Vernova demonstrates its commitment to environmental stewardship and community engagement by mobilizing a global week of service. This initiative unites employees across various locations to participate in activities that promote sustainability and environmental awareness. From local clean-up efforts to educational workshops on renewable energy, the week is filled with opportunities for employees to contribute to the planet's well-being. By engaging in these activities, GE Vernova not only reinforces its dedication to sustainable practices but also fosters a culture of corporate social responsibility. This collective effort not only strengthens community bonds but also aligns with GE Vernova's mission to create a stronger, more sustainable future.
2024 Global Impact: 5,800 employees donated nearly 12,000 hours to volunteer projects and other activities.
STEAM Girls Camps
Building on a decade legacy under GE, the GE Vernova’s Women’s Network has proudly continued STEAM Girls, an immersive camp experience offered at several GE Vernova sites worldwide. This free camp for middle school girls aims to foster interest in science, technology, engineering, art, and math (STEAM). Participants engage in hands-on, STEM-based learning experiences, follow a dynamic curriculum that includes physics, technology, construction, math, computer science, electronics, and chemistry, and gain insights specific to the local GE Vernova business. In 2024, the program reached over 360 students across 16 camps in 4 countries. This camp's success is made possible by dedicated GE Vernova employees who volunteer countless hours each year to bring it to life.
Announcements
2024 GE Vernova Total Giving
GE Vernova’s community giving reflects direct company donations, Foundation grants and matching gifts, employee charitable donations, and volunteer hours. Through strategic community investments aligned with our focus areas, and the generosity of our employees, we reach thousands of non-profits around the globe.
$22.8M
Total GE Vernova Giving [1]
~1,300
Global non-profits supported
23,000+
Volunteer hours donated around the world
Disclaimer
[1] Includes GE Vernova Foundation giving, Company donations, employee donations, and Matching Gifts attributable to GE Vernova employees in 2024.
Total value includes a one-time donation of $16 million to Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
Disclaimer
To ensure GE Vernova’s philanthropy has the greatest impact, our team collaborates with experts and organizations on focused initiatives aligned with our mission that benefit our communities as well as the broader global community. Please note that we do not accept unsolicited proposals. Inquiries can be directed to GEVernova.Philanthropy@gevernova.com.
On April 2, 2024, GE Vernova completed its spin-off from GE, to become an independent, publicly traded company. These statistics for “GE Vernova” in 2023 correspond to the data from businesses which became wholly owned subsidiaries of GE Vernova following the spin-off as well as their employees.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://gevernova.com/company/investing-in-manufacturing

American energy revival takes shape as GE Vernova pours millions into Pennsylvania economy
GE Vernova, the energy spin-off of GE, is investing an additional $80 million in its flagship grid solutions factory in Pennsylvania over the next two years to modernize the electric grid and meet growing demand.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://gevernova.com/company/energy-of-change

In the Places We Love
Cecilia Teruggi, Global Policy Marketing Leader, France
Subscribe to The Current newsletter
Relentless optimism is about never giving up and seeing what’s possible…it drives the breakthrough innovation the world needs right now. The world needs more energy, smarter energy. With energy demand expected to grow by more than 50% in the next 20 years, GE Vernova is continuously innovating to meet the moment…like we have for more than 130 years.
At GE Vernova, relentless optimism drives us to create the breakthrough energy technologies that are helping us grow power to meet growing needs, take power where the grid’s never been, and work to run the world on smarter energy, every day. And we’re just getting started.
CEO, GE Vernova
Read more on LinkedIn
From the lab to the factory floor to everyday life, discover where we find the relentless optimism to imagine what’s possible
Cecilia Teruggi, Global Policy Marketing Leader, France
Henrique Macedo, Compliance Leader, Spain
Duaa Alrahma, Field Engineer, Bahrain
Atalanta Kar, Regional GM, India
Julia Vey, Project Management Executive, Germany
Matsi Eseu, HR Leader in Steam Power, South Africa
Bold ideas. Breakthrough innovations. Powering the future, today.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------