ROOT: https://geysers.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:07:44.058892Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 24

================================================================================

URL: https://geysers.com/

Reliable Geothermal Energy for a Sustainable Future
1960-2025
Celebrating 65 years of rich history
13
Geothermal Power Plants owned and operated by Calpine
38
Megawatts of Battery Energy Storage System Projects at The Geysers
28,447
Acres (45 square miles) in Sonoma and Lake Counties and bordering Mendocino County
65
Years of Commercial Geothermal Operations at The Geysers
Geothermal Energy
The Geysers is the largest complex of geothermal power plants in the world. Calpine, the largest geothermal power producer in the U.S., owns and operates 13 power plants at The Geysers.
History
Calpine, in honoring the history of The Geysers from its original discovery to its development, continues to steward this amazing resource.
News & Updates
Social
Geothermal Visitor Center and Tours of The Geysers
Come visit the world’s largest producer of geothermal energy. Calpine offers free community tours on a preset, annual schedule.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/about/glossary/

Crust
The solid outermost layer of the Earth, mostly consisting of rock, and ranging from 3 – 35 miles (4.8 – 56 kilometers) thick, comprises the topmost portion of the lithosphere. Earth’s crust insulates us from the hot interior.
Energy Resource
A source of useable power, which can be drawn on when needed. Energy resources are often classified as renewable or non-renewable.
Energy
The ability to do work, such as making things move and heating them up. Energy can take many forms, including electrical, chemical, radiant, mechanical and heat.
Fumarole
A small hole or vent in the Earth’s surface, found near volcanic areas, from which steam or gases shoot out.
Generator
A machine that converts mechanical power into electricity by spinning copper wires (conductors) within a magnetic field.
Geothermal Energy
The word “geothermal” literally means “Earth” plus “heat.” Energy that is generated by converting hot water or steam from deep beneath the Earth’s surface into electricity.
Geothermal Reservoir
A large volume of underground hot water and steam in porous and fractured hot rock. The hot water in geothermal reservoirs occupies only 2% to 5% of the volume of rock, but if the reservoir is large enough and hot enough, it can be a powerful source of energy. Geothermal reservoirs are sometimes covered by a layer of impermeable rock. While geothermal reservoirs usually have surface manifestations such as hot springs or fumaroles, some do not.
Geothermal Power Plant
A facility which uses naturally occurring steam or heat to drive turbine-generators to produce electricity. Three different types make use of the various temperature ranges of geothermal resources: dry steam, flash and binary.
Geothermal Resource
The natural heat, hot water and steam within the Earth.
Geothermal Water
Water heated by the natural heat inside the Earth.
Geyser
A natural hot spring that sends up a fountain of water and steam into the air; some geysers “spout” at regular intervals and some are unpredictable.
Hot Springs
A natural spring of water that is warmer than body temperature and therefore feels hot; may collect in pools or flow into streams and lakes. A geothermal phenomenon.
Injection Well
A well through which water is injected into an underground reservoir. Geothermal production and injection wells are constructed of pipes layered inside one another and cemented into the earth and to each other. This protects any shallow drinking water aquifers from mixing with deeper geothermal water.
Magma
Hot, thick, molten (liquid) rock found beneath the Earth’s surface; formed mainly in the mantle.
Power Plant
A central station where electricity is produced using turbines and generators.
Pressure
The force exerted over a certain area. Our atmosphere exerts pressure on the surface of the Earth, and layers of rock exert pressure on those below them.
Renewable Resource
A resource that can be used continuously without being completely depleted (because it regenerates itself within a useful amount of time). Examples include water (small hydro) and wind power, solar energy and geothermal energy.
Steam
The vapor form of water that develops when water boils. Steam is made of very tiny heated water particles (molecules), which are bouncing around and bumping into each other at very high speeds. These heated water molecules are also spreading out and expanding in every direction they can. If we confine or trap water in a container, with a pipe as an opening, and heat the water to steam, it will create great pressure in the container and will rush out the pipe with a great deal of force. This force (the “power” of steam) can be put to work turning a turbine connected to an electricity generator.
Turbine
A machine with blades that are rotated by the forceful movement of liquid or gas, such as air, steam or water or a combination.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/about/recharging-the-geysers/

The Geysers stands as a world leader in sustainable geothermal energy production, thanks to two visionary recycled water partnerships with Lake County and the City of Santa Rosa and its regional partners. Together, these projects deliver reclaimed water daily for injection into The Geysers’ underground reservoir while providing a weather independent and environmentally responsible effluent discharge solution for nearby communities.
A Challenge Emerges: Declining Steam & Growing Demands
Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, The Geysers was operated by multiple parties, resulting in vastly more steam being extracted from the reservoir than replaced. By 1989, accelerated development had caused severe steam pressure decreases, resulting in lower steam production rates. This decline threatened the future sustainability of The Geysers.
Recharging the System
To sustain reservoir pressure and steam production, The Geysers needed a large, reliable supply of water that could be used to augment steam supply via injection into the geothermal steam fields. In 1990, a collaborative effort between The Geysers operators, Lake County and the California Energy Commission identified Lake County wastewater from the southeast regional collection system as the preferred source of water.
This project, known as the Southeast Geysers Effluent Pipeline (SEGEP), was supported by The Geysers operators, Calpine and NCPA and a host of federal, state and county agencies. Construction began in 1995, and delivery of recycled water to The Geysers commenced in October 1997. The original 29-mile pipeline (since lengthened to 40 miles) collects effluent from a total of four treatment plants serving 22,000 people and 360 businesses in ten Lake County communities. This represents 85% of all the effluent produced in the county.
The success of SEGEP injection in maintaining reservoir pressure provided momentum for a similar recycled partnership between Calpine and the City of Santa Rosa known as the Santa Rosa Geysers Recharge Project (SRGRP).
In the 1980s and 1990s, the City of Santa Rosa struggled to keep pace with increased flows into the Laguna Treatment Plant and to comply with increased restrictions on its discharges into the Russian River. The Geysers Recharge Project initially was considered an unlikely solution to the recycled water problems the city faced. In partnership with Calpine, it turned out to be an efficient and environmentally friendly solution.
The City of Santa Rosa and Calpine Corporation partnered on constructing the 42-mile pipeline which became known at the Santa Rosa Geysers Recharge Project (SRGRP). The $220-million project was completed in 2003. For over two decades, this project has benefited the region by delivering recycled water from Santa Rosa Water’s Laguna Treatment Plant to recharge Calpine’s geothermal steamfields at The Geysers and increase the amount of clean energy produced. This partnership produces enough clean and renewable electricity to power 100,000 homes in the North Bay. In addition to using the region’s recycled water to produce clean power, the project also protects the Russian River by almost entirely reducing discharges to the waterway while providing the City of Santa Rosa a weather independent discharge solution.
System Infrastructure: Pipes with a Purpose
Pipes & Their Roles:
- Small pipes: Pump water to injection wells.
- 20-24” pipes: Carry treated recycled water for injection.
- 30” pipes: Transport steam to power plants.
Conclusion: A Win-Win for the Environment
The Geysers’ water recycling partnerships are a model for how innovative, collaborative solutions can solve multiple community and environmental challenges at once. By transforming waste into renewable energy, The Geysers sets the standard for sustainable resource management and climate action.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/about/

Welcome!
Harnessing the Power of Nature.
Located north of San Francisco in the Mayacamas Mountains, The Geysers is the single largest geothermal electrical operation in the world. Calpine is proud to own and operate 13 geothermal plants within the 45-square-mile complex, representing approximately 725 MW of electrical generation capacity with expansion underway – enough to power 725,000 homes, or a city the size of San Francisco.
The Geysers supplies power to Sonoma, Lake and Mendocino counties, as well as portions of Marin and Napa counties. The Geysers is one of the most reliable energy sources in California, delivering extremely high availability and online performance.
What makes geothermal so special?
A geothermal resource occurs when water deep below the Earth’s surface is heated by exposure to hot, permeable rock. (“Geo” means “from the Earth” and “thermal” means “heat.”) At The Geysers, dry superheated steam is piped directly from below the Earth’s surface to steam turbines in our power plants to produce electricity. Steam production wells, some deeper than two miles, are drilled to access this naturally occurring steam. Once the steam reaches the surface, it is piped overland to a network of interconnected power plants, where it spins conventional steam turbines that drive generators to produce clean, reliable electricity.
This type of geothermal formation is quite rare and offers us the unique opportunity to efficiently convert the naturally occurring steam into power. This type of energy is clean and predictable, offering a reliable and renewable energy source.
The Geysers by the Numbers
The Geysers Geothermal Field 2024 Statistics
The Geysers Locations
- 75 miles North of San Francisco in the Mayacamas Mountain Range
- 10 power plants in Sonoma County:
- Aidlin U-1, McCabe U-5/6, Ridge Line U-7/8, Eagle Rock U-11, Cobb Creek U-12, Lake View U-17, Sulfur Springs U-14, Sonoma U-3, Grant U-20, Socrates U-18
- 3 power plants in Lake County
- Calistoga U-19, Big Geysers U-13, Quicksilver U-16
Calpine Geothermal Operations
- 28,447 acres (about 44.5 square miles)
Geothermal Wells
- 322 active steam wells
- 60 active injection wells
- Deepest well: 12,900 feet
- Average well depth: 8,500 feet
- Total Calpine Geysers wells drilled to date: 616
- Today’s Average Grassroots Drilling Time: 77 days (65 days drilling + 7 rig up/down)
- 2024 Average Steam Production Per Well: 11,938 pounds per hour
- Average Well Head Temperature: 366.6 degrees Fahrenheit
- Average Well Head Pressure: 82.3 PSIG
- Most Recent Steam Well Drilled: Prati State 66 completed on January 7, 2025
- Most Recent Injection Well Drilled: GDC36 completed on January 30, 2024
Power Generation
- First Exploratory Well: 1920
- First Modern Well: 1955, and is still in production today
- First Commercial Power Plant: PG&E Geysers Unit 1 in 1960
- Most Recent Power Plant Built: Aidlin U-1 in 1989
- 2024 Generation: 5,471,562 Net Megawatt Hours
- 2024 Average Unit Availability: 93.6631%
Facilities
- 13 operating geothermal plants
- Steam pipelines: 92.2 miles
- Injection water lines: 72 miles
- 21kV power lines: 75 miles
- Project roads: over 171 miles
Calpine’s Geothermal Power Plants at The Geysers
Aidlin
U-1
McCabe
U-5/6
Ridge Line
U-7/8
Eagle Rock
U-11
Cobb Creek
U-12
Lake View
U-17
Sulfur Springs
U-14
Sonoma
U-3
Grant
U-20
Socrates
U-18
Calistoga
U-19
Big Geysers
U-13
Quicksilver
U-16

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/history-of-the-geysers/

The Geysers: A Very Special Place
The Geysers is a truly remarkable place.
A million years ago, a plume of molten magma intruded close to the Earth’s surface. The heat from this 1400˚F intrusion recrystallized the overlying rocks, making them hard and brittle, and causing them to fracture creating permeability. Subsequent magmatic activity over the next half-million years maintained high temperatures as water seeped down through fractures to form a hot water geothermal reservoir. About a quarter million years ago, the caprock over the ancestral Geysers reservoir fractured. As high-temperature water boiled away, steam eruptions followed, creating the steam reservoir that remains today.
Native Americans, the first inhabitants of this region, visited the thermal areas for their healing powers and ceremonial importance. In the 1840s, The Geysers became a world-famous tourist destination. Although there are no actual geysers at this wonder-inspiring region, the inaccurate name stuck. In the past 65 years, The Geysers has emerged as the world leader in generating sustainable geothermal power using steam from deep beneath the Earth’s surface.
In honoring the history of The Geysers from its original discovery by Native Americans to its development as the premier geothermal energy production complex in the world, Calpine is dedicated to the sustainability of The Geysers.
12,000 years ago, Paleoindians arrive at The Geysers. They are the earliest-known human inhabitants of the region.
Early explorers record finding six Native American tribes living in the region. The tribes share access to The Geysers, which they use for healing and ceremony. No one knows how long these tribes had lived here, but we do know that their descendants still live in the area today.
While hunting a grizzly bear, William Bell Elliott stumbles upon the “Gates to Hades.” He calls the place “The Geysers,” though in fact there are no geysers here.
U.S. Boundary Commissioner John Bartlett creates the earliest known illustrations of The Geysers.
The Geysers is in its prime as a major tourist destination, with famous visitors from around the world.
Sonoma County funds construction of a road to the mercury boomtown of Pine Flat, which years later in 2003 will be the route for the Santa Rosa Geysers Recharge Pipeline to The Geysers.
Mineral Water is bottled at The Geysers. It will be sold around the world.
Utilizing a small steam-engine generator, John C. Grant successfully produces electricity at The Geysers. He acquires a lease for The Geysers Resort, hoping to generate electrical power from steam to sell to Healdsburg and Cloverdale.
Grant’s first attempt to drill a geothermal well results in a blowout. In 1922, Grant’s second well, only 200 feet deep, is the first successful geothermal well at The Geysers.
Grant and his family organize The Geysers Development Company and build a 35-kilowatt power plant, generating the first geothermal electricity in the Americas.
The Carnegie Institution does the first study of The Geysers steam reservoir utilizing data from the wells drilled by Grant.
Grant’s experiment with geothermal power fails due to competition from cheap oil, but it is only a temporary setback. In modern times, The Geysers Development Company goes on to become the most productive leaseholder in The Geysers.
Magma Power Company drills Magma 1, the first modern geothermal well at The Geysers, on land leased from The Geysers Development Company.
Thermal Power Company joins with Magma Power Company to form the joint development venture “Magma-Thermal.”
Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) agrees to purchase steam from Magma-Thermal.
Electrical generation capacity at The Geysers reaches 82 megawatts.
Geothermal wells reach 7,000 to 8,000 feet in depth. Development at The Geysers booms, attracting many different companies looking to operate the steamfield or build power plants.
Production peaks at The Geysers. Twenty-one power plants are in operation, with a total installed capacity of 2,043 megawatts. Over the next eight years, power generation rapidly declines as a result of pressure loss in the steam reservoir.
Calpine Corporation enters the power generation business at The Geysers by purchasing a one-megawatt interest in the 20-megawatt Aidlin power plant.
Geysers operators begin cooperative studies on the use of augmented water injection to create steam, sustain reservoir pressure and maintain power generation.
Calpine acquires two Geysers power plants, Bear Canyon and West Ford Flat, with a combined average output of 43 megawatts. Calpine expands its ownership interest in southeast Geysers steamfields.
Calpine, NCPA and Lake County Sanitation agree to construct the Southeast Geysers Effluent Pipeline (SEGEP), a 29-mile pipeline to deliver treated wastewater to The Geysers.
SEGEP is completed, bringing 9 million gallons a day of treated wastewater from Lake County to The Geysers, where it is injected into the reservoir to increase steam pressure.
Calpine acquires the 72 megawatt Sonoma Power Plant from Sacramento Municipal Utilities District.
Calpine acquires 19 Geysers power plants and associated steamfields. Consolidated ownership eliminates contractual barriers, allowing a fieldwide approach to sustainably managing The Geysers geothermal resource. Calpine constructs pipeline inter-ties (cross ties) linking steamfields and power plants, minimizing the need to vent wells during plant outages. During power plant shutdowns, the steam is diverted to other plants, reducing the loss of electrical generation.
Calpine receives the California Department of Conservation’s Outstanding Lease and Facility Maintenance Award for Operations at The Geysers.
Calpine and the City of Santa Rosa complete a 40-mile pipeline, known as the Santa Rosa Geysers Recharge Project, bringing an average of 11 million gallons per day of treated wastewater to The Geysers and further helping to restore the steam reservoir.
With power plant upgrades and new sources of water to produce steam, Calpine’s electrical generation at The Geysers stabilizes and has remained so, generating approximately 725 megawatts of baseload, renewable energy for California.
Calpine receives California Energy Commission grant to study flexibility enhancements within The Geysers known geothermal area.
The Geysers quietly celebrates 60 years of commercial operations. Geothermal power operations continue, adapting to the implementation of safety measures and shelter-in-place orders during the COVID-19 pandemic.
City of Santa Rosa & Calpine celebrate 20 years of successful partnership on the Santa Rosa Geysers Recharge Project.
Calpine adds two Battery Energy Storage systems totaling 38 megawatts at the West Ford Flat & Bear Canyon sites.
The first phase of Calpine’s North Geysers Incremental Development adds 7 MW of new geothermal generation.
The Geysers celebrates 65 years of geothermal operations.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/community-impact/

Calpine Cares
Calpine has a proud legacy of engaging in the communities in which our employees live and work. From corporate donations to local volunteer efforts, we are passionate about stepping up and giving back.
Our Giving Philosophy
Calpine’s philanthropic mission is to continually enhance the quality of life in the communities where Calpine employees live and work through ongoing support of organizations focused on improving education and workforce development, environmental and community issues with particular emphasis on giving to organizations where employees volunteer their time and resources, support social justice initiatives and/or provide economic opportunity for all.
Volunteerism at The Geysers
Across the company, Calpine employees regularly roll up their sleeves to volunteer their time supporting local charities. This spirit of volunteerism is evident throughout the year, but, in particular, during our annual Calpine in Our Communities Day event – a companywide tradition where employees at each Calpine location choose a community outreach activity to work on together as a team.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/calpinegeothermalvisitorcenter/

Calpine’s Geothermal Visitor Center in Middletown, California, is open to the public, free of charge. Our 6,500-square foot-facility promotes geothermal education and serves as a community meeting and event venue. Offering interactive displays depicting geothermal energy at The Geysers, the Calpine Geothermal Visitor Center is also the starting point for most tours. Our tours share the history and geology of The Geysers, providing a behind-the-scenes look at our power production technologies and two innovative recycled water-to-electricity projects.
The role of geothermal energy and energy efficiency at Calpine’s Geothermal Visitor Center.
GLOBAL CONTEXT OF GEOTHERMAL ENERGY
See how volcanism and plate tectonics are linked to geothermal systems.
DRILLING AND GEOLOGY
Find out what it takes to create a connection between the surface and a geothermal reservoir 8,000 feet below.
GEOTHERMAL POWER
Learn about the key components of a geothermal power plant.
WATER AND REINJECTION
See an overview of the innovative recycled water projects we have implemented at The Geysers, transporting millions of gallons of recycled water daily from local communities to the geothermal steamfields.
Get a closer look at the layout of the complex, including the location of production and injection wells, power plants and steam and injection pipelines and much more.
VISIT US!
Calpine Geothermal Visitor Center
15500 Central Park Road, Middletown, California 95461

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/visitor-information/toursatthegeysers/

Come visit the world’s largest producer of green, geothermal energy.
Calpine offers free community tours on a preset, annual schedule. Click here for our Tour Dates. Calpine tours are free of charge, led by our expert staff and no two tours are the same. Reservations are required. To request a reservation, email geysers@calpine.com providing the following information:
- Your first and second tour date choice.
- The first and last name of each person in your party — four (4) guests, maximum.
- If there are minors in your group, please provide their ages
- Your day-of-tour telephone number (preferably a mobile number).
You will receive a confirmation email, and tour information will be emailed to you one week prior to the tour date.
Please honor your reservation.
*With advance notice, transportation services that comply with all ADA regulations are available for select tours.
Meet Our Tour Guides
Calpine tours are free of charge, led by our expert staff and no two tours are the same.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/joe-greco/

Director, Geysers Strategic Origination
Joseph Greco joined the Calpine team in September 2021. In his role he provides market intelligence while implementing and closing structural transactions relating to the purchase, development, and sale of strategic projects in geothermal generation, carbon capture sequestration, battery storage and other clean energy initiatives.
Prior to joining Calpine, Mr. Greco served as Senior Vice President for Middle River Power and was responsible for Asset Management and Government Relations for a 2K+ MW West Coast Portfolio of natural gas and renewable generating facilities, identifying and catalyzing dynamic opportunities to grow resources, assets, and organizational outreach. Additionally, Mr. Greco served as President of the Coso Geothermal Projects.
Previously, as Senior Vice President for Terra-Gen Power, Mr. Greco’s responsibilities included asset and operations management of Terra-Gen’s geothermal and solar portfolio as well as governmental affairs. In this role, he supported geothermal development and M&A activities. While at Caithness Mr. Greco held the position of Vice President – Western Region with responsibility for the geothermal and solar portfolio as well natural gas facility development. Prior to joining Caithness, he served for 6 years at UAE Energy Operation’s Corp., an Independent Energy Producer focused on fossil and biomass power generation technologies. Responsibilities for UAE included asset management, operations and maintenance management, concluding as Vice President of Development for the West Coast. Prior to joining UAE, Mr. Greco held various management positions at Consolidated Edison of New York. 1987 graduate of Manhattan College, with Bachelors of Science in Mechanical Engineering.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/chris-schofield/

VP Geothermal Analytics
I have spent over 35 years in the energy industry. The last 6 years has been with Calpine at The Geysers.
The best part about guiding tours at The Geysers is introducing visitors to the scale and complexity of this operation. Even people who know something about The Geysers walk away with a greater appreciation for the unique features that make geothermal generation at The Geysers possible.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/jody-batten/

VP Geothermal Operations
I have worked in power generation for over 30 years. I just celebrated my 15th year with Calpine and the last 5 years at the Geysers.
My wife and I have 3 children and 5 grandchildren. We love camping and have created many memories through the years of camping together.
The Geysers is an incredible place! Helping with tours has given me the opportunity to educate people on what we do and to show them the amazing place we work.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/kerrian-marriot/

Facilities Assistant
If you call for a tour or stop in at the Calpine Geothermal Visitor Center, you will likely be greeted by Kerrian Marriott. Kerrian expertly coordinates tours and is a key member of Calpine’s outreach team. Kerrian joined Calpine in 2020 and as the Facility Assistant, she is based at the Calpine Geothermal Visitor Center. Kerrian’s work is diverse – she oversees the Visitor Center’s facilities and reporting to Calpine’s Facilities team in Houston, Kerrian enjoys working with a wide range of Calpine teams across the nation. If you are curious about signing up for a tour, ask Kerrian. She will tell you everyone should experience a visit to The Geysers!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/jose-barriga/

Operations Manager, Central Operations
In the power generation industry for 26 years, 19 in geothermal, 10 with Calpine.
I enjoy spending time outdoors with my family.
The Geysers tours are unique just like the people who work here and the people who come and visit. There’s something here for everyone. It is a special place.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/jericho-reyes/

Production Engineer Supervisor
Jericho Reyes is the Resource Manager at The Geysers, Calpine, where he leads an expert team handling Geoscience and Wireline Operations. With 18 years in the geothermal industry—and 13 of those spent right at The Geysers—he’s seen firsthand just how powerful (and cool) geothermal energy can be. Passionate about sustainable energy and proud to work at the world’s largest geothermal field, Jericho is always excited to share what makes this unique energy resource such a game-changer.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/tim-conant/

Director, Geothermal Engineering
Experience:
32 years at The Geysers and other geothermal fields.
Why do you volunteer for tours?
I enjoy showing people the many wonders of The Geysers.
Director, Geothermal Engineering
Experience:
32 years at The Geysers and other geothermal fields.
Why do you volunteer for tours?
I enjoy showing people the many wonders of The Geysers.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/milt-rhine/

Plant Engineer
Years at The Geysers: 28
Why do you volunteer for tours?
I used to speak to junior and senior high school classes about power production at The Geysers. Tours seemed like a natural progression from the classroom.
Interests:
SCUBA diving, working on classic/vintage vehicles.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/melinda-wright/

Senior Geologist
Years at The Geysers: 7+ years
Why do you volunteer for tours?
I primarily get involved with special-focus tours. I enjoy sharing The Geysers geologic history with students and others with an interest in science.
How I became interested in geology:
Going camping with my mother in geologically interesting sites as a child got me interested in the outdoors and is ultimately what drove me to study geology.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/craig-hartline/

Senior Geophysicist
Experience:
Craig Hartline joined Calpine Corporation in 2010 after nearly 20 years in seismic research and design. He holds Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in Geophysics from the University of Akron. Since joining Calpine, Craig has transitioned into a role including reservoir analysis, seismicity (analysis and outreach) and 3D model building and visualization.
Why do you volunteer for tours?
Craig volunteers for community tours and presentations to promote renewable geothermal energy. He enjoys contact with students and the community.
Favorite saying:
“Whatever you are, be a good one” – Abraham Lincoln

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/danielle-matthews/

Director, Government & Community Affairs
Danielle has nearly 30 years of experience in the geothermal industry at The Geysers. She leads external affairs efforts including oversight of the Geothermal Visitor Center. Danielle’s responsibilities include local government affairs with a focus on community engagement.
Danielle graduated from Pacific Union College with a bachelor’s degree in history and government and utilized Calpine’s tuition reimbursement program to obtain a master’s degree in public administration from Golden Gate University. In her free time, when not volunteering for tours, Danielle enjoys time with her family, paddleboarding and travel.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/brian-benn/

Manager, Environmental Chemistry (retired)
I began my career at The Geysers in June 1978 just days after graduating from the University of Wyoming in Chemical Engineering. Initially working on constructing environmental control systems (H2S Abatement) for PG&E at the existing power plants at The Geysers, I worked in plant construction and was the lead startup engineer for Socrates-Unit 18 in 1983. In the intervening years, I joined Calpine and became the Environmental Chemistry Manager in Chemistry Department working on design, development, and operation of new novel environmental control systems. I hold two patents (underwritten by Calpine) for removing pollutants from the geothermal steam, helping to maintain the “green” value of geothermal energy. While Chemical Engineering was always my focus at work, Geology is my avocation. Since 1999, I have immersed myself in geology at The Geysers, taking all of the available geology courses at local colleges, Calpine’s Geoscience team took me under their wing to show me what’s “under the hood” deep inside The Geysers steam reservoir, closing the geothermal loop from the reservoir’s 150-million-year-old natural history to today’s clean, green, renewable energy source that it has become. After 43 years of working at The Geysers, I am retired, enjoying golf, gardening, and gold prospecting, while maintaining my connection to The Geysers through leading community tours of The Geysers and working with the team at the Calpine Geothermal Visitor Center.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/john-avery-p-e-pmp-mba/

Project Manager
In his role at Calpine’s Geysers Geothermal Operation, John Avery , P.E., PMP, MBA, supervises a staff of eight engineers and technicians who focus on operational plant performance and compliance; and ensure that Geysers-wide plant performance needs are evaluated, and system-wide efficiencies optimized. John started at the Geysers as a plant engineer in 1998, and progressed thru project engineering and project/program management roles until taking on his latest role in 2016. Prior to joining Calpine, John worked at GE’s Nuclear Energy division. John graduated from UC San Diego with a B.S. degree in Chemical Engineering. John also made use of Calpine’s training and tuition reimbursement programs to get his P.E. in Mechanical Engineering; the Project Management Professional certification, and Executive MBA.
Comment/statement on tours: “Looking forward to sharing my 27 years of Geysers experience with you.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/team-member/michael-richter/

Wireline Manager
Michael Richter is an experienced Wireline Field Engineer and Manager with over a decade of hands-on leadership in the oil and energy sector, specializing in wireline logging and wellsite operations across arctic, desert, and marine environments. Currently serving as Wireline Manager at Calpine, Michael oversees both in-house and contractor-led well logging and perforating operations, ensuring top-tier service quality, safety compliance, and data integrity. His career includes progressive leadership roles, including nearly five years managing wireline services and operations across Calpine’s steamfield assets. Prior to that, Michael held senior engineering roles at Halliburton, where he specialized in advanced open- and cased-hole logging, reservoir monitoring, and production logging, with a focus on high-impact specialty services. Michael holds a Master of Science in Environmental Geoscience from Mississippi State University and a Bachelor of Science in Geology from the University of Alabama. He is known for his strong leadership, mentoring capabilities, and commitment to operational excellence and safety standards.
Michael also takes pride in contributing to public education by leading engaging, in-depth tours at The Geysers. There, he demystifies the science and technology behind geothermal energy, breaking down complex subsurface processes and showing how continuous and rigorous maintenance alongside innovation come together to power a sustainable future.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/tours

About The Geysers
History of The Geysers
The Water Story
Glossary
Community Impact
Calpine Geothermal Visitor Center
Tours at The Geysers
Tour Photos
Newsroom
We Are Calpine
Calpine Careers
Privacy Policy
Tours
November 20, 2025
November 14, 2025
November 8, 2025
November 7, 2025
September 19, 2025
September 8, 2025
August 2, 2025
June / July 2025
Q2 2025
Q1 2025

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://geysers.com/newsroom/

About The Geysers
History of The Geysers
The Water Story
Glossary
Community Impact
Calpine Geothermal Visitor Center
Tours at The Geysers
Tour Photos
Newsroom
We Are Calpine
Calpine Careers
Privacy Policy
Newsroom
Press Release
Oct 13
Calpine Celebrates 65 Years of The Geysers
Updates
Jul 14
Welcome Aimee Blaine, SVP Geothermal Region
Updates
Jun 18
MCE & Calpine – North Geysers Incremental Development Expansion Project
Press Release
Jun 16
MCE and Calpine Add More Renewable, Reliable Power from The Geysers, the World’s Largest Geothermal Complex
Updates
Mar 4
World Engineering Day 2025 | Seequent
Updates
Nov 6
Santa Rosa Water and Calpine Celebrate Geysers Recharge Pipeline’s 20 Years of Operation
Updates
Sep 4
Career Spotlight: Insulation and Coatings Technician
Notifications

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------