ROOT: https://urbangridsolar.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:43:13.686418Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 24

================================================================================

URL: https://urbangridsolar.com/

INVESTMENT IN RENEWABLE ENERGY POLICY
We are proud to partner with these national and state level organizations who are paving the way for our clean energy future.
Transmission and interconnection professionals with utility and RTO backgrounds utilizing advanced engineering tools to focus project development and guide interconnection strategy.
More than 10 GWac of PV and 2.4 GWac storage projects in development, strategically positioned across multiple markets with a growth trajectory for expansion.
Hailing from the world’s largest utilities, ISOs and engineering shops, our team has collectively invested nearly 300 years in building today’s renewable energy and utility power markets.
Our projects are strategically positioned to efficiently deliver clean energy to the power grid while providing tangible benefits to our partners.
We are proud to partner with these national and state level organizations who are paving the way for our clean energy future.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/team/

Team
MEET OUR TEAM
We take great pride in our ability to recruit and retain top talent to keep pace with the ever-changing and increasingly complex renewable energy markets and technologies.
Senior Leadership
General Counsel
Randy Sawyer
As General Counsel, Randy is responsible for developing our internal legal function enabling our team to remain nimble and innovative while navigating complex compliance and regulatory requirement.
A passionate clean energy attorney, prior to Urban Grid, Randy spent nearly a decade at EDP Renewables ultimately becoming a senior manager overseeing project finance and tax equity in addition to a broad swath of legal operations and streamlining processes in order to minimize project risk.
When he’s not supporting the decarbonization of the grid through his work, Randy is likely to be on a family hike, traveling or otherwise enjoying the great outdoors with his wife and three children.
Vice President, Human Resources
Bianca Krukiel
Bianca brings extensive HR expertise to Urban Grid and focuses on accelerating team-focused priorities such as career coaching, training and leadership development.
Bianca’s background spans all aspects of HR working for large corporations with over 2800+ employees, where she supported leadership with compensation planning, workforce development and organizational alignment for growth. Most recently she worked for Battalion Oil Corporation, a small independent oil and gas company, where she was HR Director.
About Urban Grid
Urban Grid is a leading independent power producer (IPP) delivering reliable, utility-scale solar and storage solutions to help meet America’s unprecedented energy demand. We develop, own and operate projects that strengthen local economies through long-term partnerships and responsible land stewardship. By integrating agrivoltaics into our land management practices, we enhance soil health, support local farmers and benefit the communities we serve.
With a strong focus on execution and integrity, we are committed to being a trusted domestic energy provider and responsible corporate citizen. Urban Grid is headquartered in Houston, Texas, and operates across the United States with a growing portfolio that includes 12,000 megawatts of development assets. We continue to maintain our optionality to co-locate with battery storage based on customer demand, ensuring flexibility and responsiveness in our energy solutions.
Since becoming an IPP in 2023, we have successfully brought five solar projects online, begun construction on three additional projects and are actively advancing one gigawatt of capacity into pre-construction.
Urban Grid is a portfolio company of Brookfield, one of the world’s largest owners and operators of renewable power and climate transition assets.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/projects/crystal-hill-solar-in-halifax-county-virginia/

Crystal Hill Solar is a 65 MW state-of-the-art agrivoltaic solar facility that was originated, developed, and constructed by Urban Grid, an independent power producer. Urban Grid operates and maintains Crystal Hill Solar.
Crystal Hill Solar
Halifax County, VA
If you have a question or concern about the construction of Crystal Hill Solar, please contact us and we’ll be happy to help.
Benefits
What does this project mean for you and your community?
LOCAL ECONOMIC IMPACT
Over its lifetime, Crystal Hill Solar will pay millions of dollars in tax revenues to Halifax County–revenue from a project that does not require costly infrastructure, public services or increase traffic. In addition, roughly 600 workers were employed during peak construction of Crystal Hill Solar, boosting revenue for local businesses and service providers.
LOCALLY GENERATED CLEAN ENERGY
Home-grown solar is vital to bolstering Halifax County's grid resilience and enables Virginia to meet its goal to produce its electricity from 100% renewable sources by 2050. The transition to clean energy is powered by strong communities whose landowners, local businesses, and citizens recognize their critical role in making it happen.
Land Restoration and protection
Crystal Hill Solar was engineered to minimize disturbances to wetlands, streams, and other environmentally sensitive areas located on the project site. Native pollinator species will be planted throughout the site encouraging natural habitat and wildlife in the area. In addition, the facility will utilize sheep grazing to maintain vegetation and improve soil conditions throughout its lifetime.
Location
Halifax County, Virginia
PROJECT SIZE
65 MW
Timing
Crystal Hill Solar is set to be fully operational in Spring 2024.
PRESERVED LAND WITHIN PROJECT DESIGN
MILLIONS GENERATED IN LOCAL TAX REVENUE
POLLINATORS PLANTED ALONG PERIMETER BUFFERS
ANNUALLY POWERS 10,800 HOMES WHILE OFFSETTING 61,700 METRIC TONS OF CO2*
MILLIONS GENERATED IN LOCAL TAX REVENUE
POLLINATORS PLANTED ALONG PERIMETER BUFFERS
ANNUALLY POWERS 10,800 HOMES WHILE OFFSETTING 61,700 METRIC TONS OF CO2*
Project location
Crystal Hill Solar is located on 620 acres in Halifax Virginia, near the North Carolina border.
HALIFAX COUNTY, VIRGINIA
The Crystal Hill Solar facility will utilize photovoltaic solar modules to produce energy which will be delivered to the power grid via an existing on-site 115kV transmission line.
Community Commitment
We are proud members of the Halifax County Chamber of Commerce and strong supporters of organizations serving the greater Crystal Hill Solar community.
About Us
Urban Grid, a leading independent power producer, facilitates a rapid and sustainable energy transition by developing high-quality renewable energy projects, fostering community partnerships and serving as a good land steward. Our company is positioned to own and operate its facilities while cultivating a land management system that benefits farmers, communities and the natural world through agrivoltaics. Urban Grid maintains a delivery-focused approach with the goal of being a good neighbor, corporate citizen and trusted energy solutions partner. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, with teams situated strategically throughout the United States, Urban Grid has a long history of contributing to the clean energy economy. In addition to 940 megawatts currently contracted and under construction, we are actively developing a growing portfolio of more than 12,000 megawatts of solar PV and 7,000 megawatts of co-located and stand-alone energy storage.
Urban Grid is a portfolio company of Brookfield, one of the world’s largest owners and operators of renewable power and climate transition assets.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/projects/crystal-hill-solar-in-halifax-county-virginia/?contact

Skip to content
Home
Home
Benefits
FAQs
Contact
×
Home
Home
Benefits
FAQs
Contact
Home
Benefits
FAQs
Contact
Crystal Hill Solar in Halifax County, Virginia
Contact Us
If you have a question or concern about the construction of Crystal Hill Solar, please contact us and we’ll be happy to help.
Click here to email
our Community Engagement team or fill out the form below and we will be sure to respond.
Name
*
Email
*
City/County of Residence
*
I am a
*
—Please choose an option—
Neighbor
Interested community member
County official
Job Seeker
Local area business
Other
Other
Message
*
Name
*
Email
*
City/County of Residence
*
I am a
*
—Please choose an option—
Neighbor
Interested community member
County official
Local area business
Other
Other
Message
*

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/projects/crystal-hill-solar-in-halifax-county-virginia/?faqs

FAQs
Frequently Asked Questions
Thank you for your interest in Crystal Hill Solar. If your question is not covered in the additional questions below, please submit a question on the contact page and we will be sure to respond.
Renderings of Soapstone Solar from Roadways
Soapstone Solar on Audley Farm was carefully sited to minimize or completely obscure any views of the project from roadways.
Take a Video Site Tour of Monarch Solar . . .
PROJECT LOCATION
Crystal Hill Solar is situated between Crystal Hill Rd. and Howard P. Anderson Rd. in Crystal Hill, VA. To minimize visibility from public roads, a natural buffer has been planted along the project perimeter.
The land is owned by private members of the Halifax County community.
SAFETY & OPERATIONS
Solar panels, also known as photovoltaic modules (PV modules), work by turning sunlight into direct current (DC) electricity. These panels are supported by some type of racking structure that can be fixed, or it may rotate on an axis. Solar panels are paired with inverters that convert the DC electricity into a more useable form of electricity known as alternating current (AC.) The AC electricity then passes through a transformer to ensure that the power is the appropriate voltage before it is sent to the electric grid.
When the solar facility is no longer efficient, the system will be decommissioned and the equipment removed, recycling everything that can be recycled, and returning the land to the condition in which it existed prior to the installation of the solar project. Solar has a minimal impact on the land, unlike fossil fuel power plants. When the project is removed, the land is returned to essentially its original state. Many landowners see leasing land for utility-scale solar projects as a form of land banking, as it has minimal long-term impact on the value of the land. Urban Grid assumes all responsibility for decommissioning and places a secure bond with the county in the event that project ownership should change in the future. This means that the county and its residents are NOT responsible for any costs for the removal of a project at the end of its useful life.
Solar panels do not produce noise, but the inverters that change the current of electricity from DC to AC do produce a slight hum that is not audible past the property boundaries. Solar projects are considered quiet neighbors.
Urban Grid utilizes the best available Photovoltaic solar (PV) panel technology for all of our utility-scale projects. These panels are dark in color and are treated with an anti-reflective coating. The purpose of solar panels is to absorb as much sunlight as possible to produce energy efficiently so the point of the panels is to be as minimally reflective as possible. Solar panels are generally less reflective than windows and have been approved by the Federal Aviation Administration for installation on and around airports across the country.
ENVIRONMENT & WILDLIFE
Stormwater management plans are a required part of the solar development process. These plans are prepared by professional engineers and designed to mitigate any impacts to erosion or flooding. We follow the strict requirements of the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality to ensure our projects meet and often exceed guidelines to protect surrounding waterways. Once operational, the use of perennial ground cover and elimination of annual tillage, irrigation, and fertilizer (in the case of farmland) allows the soil to absorb water and rejuvenate during the life of the project. A solar project has maximum ground permeability and is much better in terms of stormwater runoff than most other types of development.
Solar farms do not pose a material threat to wildlife. Wildlife studies are an important part of the development process — trained experts study proposed sites to ensure that utility-scale solar development minimizes impact to wildlife. Solar projects can also provide important habitat for birds and pollinators like bees and butterflies.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/projects/crystal-hill-solar-in-halifax-county-virginia/?benefits

A Positive Impact
for Halifax County, Virginia
Crystal Hill solar will pay millions of dollars in tax revenues to Halifax County over its 25-35 year lifetime. These dollars could be used for county improvements such as expansion of broadband internet, investment in area schools and other community services – all while providing clean, locally sourced solar energy to Southside Virginia.
Estimated Tax Revenues
- Crystal Hill solar will pay millions of dollars in Machinery and Tools and Real Property Taxes over the 25-35 year lifetime of the project.
Economic Impact
- More than $1.5 million was spent at local grocery stores, restaurants, hotels, and other businesses throughout greater Halifax County during construction.
- Roughly 600 workers were employed during the construction of Crystal Hill Solar.
- Increase in assessed real estate taxes of up to 20 times existing assessed value.
Environmental Impact
- Minimal disturbances to wetlands, streams, and other environmentally sensitive areas within the project site.
- Crystal Hill Solar will utilize sheep grazing to maintain vegetation and improve soil conditions throughout the lifetime of the facility.
- Use is long-term, but temporary, and the land can be reclaimed for farming, timberland, etc.
- Annually power 10,800 homes while offsetting 61,700 metric tons of CO2.*

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/

INVESTMENT IN RENEWABLE ENERGY POLICY
We are proud to partner with these national and state level organizations who are paving the way for our clean energy future.
Transmission and interconnection professionals with utility and RTO backgrounds utilizing advanced engineering tools to focus project development and guide interconnection strategy.
More than 10 GWac of PV and 2.4 GWac storage projects in development, strategically positioned across multiple markets with a growth trajectory for expansion.
Hailing from the world’s largest utilities, ISOs and engineering shops, our team has collectively invested nearly 300 years in building today’s renewable energy and utility power markets.
Our projects are strategically positioned to efficiently deliver clean energy to the power grid while providing tangible benefits to our partners.
We are proud to partner with these national and state level organizations who are paving the way for our clean energy future.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/our-partners/

Our Partners
Our Mission Is Greater Than Ourselves
Mutual respect and shared values propel our partnerships and collaborations with farmers, county supervisors, rate payers, utility executives, corporations and state policy makers – all of whom are critical to a transition to clean energy.
We recognize the stake each of our partners have in the success of each of our projects and work hard to deliver on our promises.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/our-partners/landowners/

> Landowners
All solar development is local
At Urban Grid, we pride ourselves on being transparent with our landowners and standing shoulder to shoulder with the community as our projects move from permitting through construction to ongoing operations. Every project is a unique situation, with different stakeholders and partners. For Urban Grid, we approach each project from this perspective – we don’t believe that successful development can take a cookie cutter approach. Success is measured by and dependent on the relationships and mutual understanding between all stakeholders.
Why Lease or Sell Your Land to Urban Grid?
We're headquartered in Virginia, home to one of the most ambitious clean energy policy agendas in the nation and to many Urban Grid team members. As one of the biggest project developers in the state, we care as deeply about our landowners and partners here at home as we do in each region where we are developing projects, whether in Texas, Kentucky or Pennsylvania.
We strive to create quality solar and storage projects that make good business sense for all involved.
- As our business partner, you can be assured you are receiving competitive solar farm lease or purchase rates.
- Be a part of bringing valuable tax revenue, jobs and economic growth to your local community.
- Leave a legacy that makes a positive impact for future generations.
- No work on your end is required, we do the work and take all the risk.
- If you don’t want to sell your land, a long-term lease can diversify your income.
- A long-term lease creates a future annuity for yourself and your children.
How Does the Solar Development Process Work?
Our site finding team considers these key characteristics when evaluating land for a renewable project.
- Access to electric utility infrastructure, such as a Utility substation or transmission line
- Land that is relatively flat
- Locations where utility-scale solar development will provide net gains to the local community
- Our expert team can work through development concerns around:
>Wetland or floodplain impacts
>Protected ecosystems and organisms
>Cultural or archaeological resources
When a site is deemed to be a quality location for a utility scale project, we will enter into an Option to Purchase or Option to Lease Agreement to secure the land.
During a 4-6 year Option Period, we commence the solar project development process investing significantly in analysis, feasibility studies, permitting and approvals. We work to build close partnerships with our landowners during the entire development process and in particular during this phase. Our landowners may continue to use their land as they wish during the Option Period, and are compensated throughout the tenure of the Option agreement.
Connecting to the power grid is one of the most critical, costly and difficult aspects of project development and crucial to a successful project. Once a site is under Option, our experienced team of interconnection engineers assess the target location and develop necessary applications to keep the project moving towards completion.
We dedicate significant resources to evaluating our project sites to ensure that development of a solar project will not negatively impact existing ecosystems, threatened and endangered species, and cultural and archaeological resources. Further, the soil conditions and topography are evaluated to ensure the site is suitable for the construction phase of a project.
The success of a utility-scale solar project hinges on a developers’ ability to navigate the local permitting process which requires a strong relationship with local government, as well as community business interests and residents. This phase entails time spent advancing a project through the local jurisdiction’s process for zoning approvals, or in some cases, working closely with the local government to develop and implement new zoning ordinances to address utility-scale solar. Additionally, many states require projects to complete a state-level approval as well.
From ground-breaking to final commissioning of the completed, operational plant, a solar project developer must deploy a stellar construction management crew and contract with tier 1 solar construction companies to construct on schedule a quality solar generating facility. The timeline to reach Commercial Operation Date (COD) and commissioning can be 10-16 months depending on project size.
Once a utility-scale solar project is placed in service, it requires very little in terms of operations and maintenance to continue efficiently producing clean, renewable energy. In most cases, a local company is used to cut the grass and some local technicians are hired to support the ongoing maintenance, troubleshoot and correct problems. Compared to other generation sources, the total cost and time invested in operations are very low, making solar one of the most efficient energy generation resources available.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/our-partners/elected-officials/

> Elected Officials
Local Economic Development
We like to say “all solar development is local” because although we have projects throughout the United States, each and every one makes a real difference in the lives of your constituents. Renewable energy projects bring benefits to communities beyond the local generation of clean, affordable energy. Over the span of their 35+ year operational life, solar and storage projects bring jobs and tax revenue which can significantly improve a county budget and the livelihood of the people it’s designed to support.
Growing a 21st Century Workforce
We’re proud to partner with 20 organizations in our home state of Virginia on progressive workforce development initiatives through SHINE, a public-private partnership dedicated to building innovative solar career pathways. SHINE, which stands for the Solar Hands-On Instructional Network of Excellence, is aligned with the anticipated growth of the solar market in Virginia.
Learn about our work with SHINE
How we partner with elected officials
- We work to build long lasting relationships.
- We listen to get feedback on their constituents that they represent.
- We engage in a professional and ethical manner.
- We work to understand their goals for community growth.
- We strive to foster a spirit of collaboration.
Does this interest you?
Urban Grid is currently in the process of developing and permitting hundreds of projects in a dozen (or more) states. If you would like to discuss a project in your locality, please share your information and let us know how we can be of assistance.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/our-partners/community-members/

> Community Members
ALL SOLAR DEVELOPMENT IS LOCAL
We have been dedicated to creating quality renewable energy projects for over a decade and have experience successfully developing more than 11GW of solar. Our work delivering clean, renewable energy to the power grid wouldn’t be possible if the people who live near our projects weren’t supportive. Above all, we strive to be good neighbors.
Our Investment in Your Community
At Urban Grid, we pride ourselves on standing shoulder-to-shoulder with the community as our projects move from permitting to production. Our landowners are your neighbors and they partner with us because of our integrity, transparency and ability to deliver as we said we would.
Your community benefits from our investment in the solar project through job creation and sustained tax revenue in addition to creating a cleaner environment. A solar project in your area means renewable, clean energy is being added to the power grid which reduces the impact of carbon emissions emitted by energy derived from fossil fuels.
How you can get involved in bringing renewable energy to your community.
- If you’re a landowner, complete the form below to inquire about development opportunities.
- Bring your voice to community meetings where county officials hear about projects and vote on permitting them.
- Follow state and local policy initiatives and encourage your representatives to vote for legislation that increases renewable energy targets.
- Engage with your network on social media and advocate for renewable energy by sharing local news, county hearing dates and policies that impact your area.
Frequently Asked Questions
Solar energy is a clean, renewable, and reliable source of power. Solar is now one of the lowest cost energy resources in most areas of the country because of its falling installation costs and improved efficiency. In the past decade, solar power has moved from a niche, green product to a competitive power generation resource. Not only is solar low cost power, it is also clean and renewable, creates significant new jobs, and supports US energy independence. From 2019 on, more renewable power plants have come online than any other generation resource, including natural gas.
Solar-powered photovoltaic (PV) panels convert the sun’s rays into electricity by exciting electrons in silicon cells using the photons of light from the sun. When photons hit a solar cell, they knock electrons loose from their atoms. If conductors are attached to the positive and negative sides of a cell, it forms an electrical circuit. When electrons flow through such a circuit, they generate electricity. Multiple cells make up a solar panel, and multiple panels (modules) can be wired together to form a solar array. The more panels you can deploy, the more energy you can expect to generate.
Photovoltaic (PV) solar panels are made up of multiple solar cells connected in series. Most solar cells are made of silicon, like semiconductors. Silicon is the second-most abundant element on the planet, after oxygen. About 25 percent of the Earth’s crust is silicon. In solid form, it is an inert, non-toxic element. The rest of the solar panel consists of a sheet of tempered glass on the top of the solar cells and an aluminum frame which encapsulates the panel.
PV solar panels generate direct current (DC) electricity, which means the electrons flow in one direction around a circuit. This is the type of electricity used by batteries and portable electronics, like your phone and laptop. The power flowing from your electrical socket is AC (alternating current) electricity, where the electrons are pushed and pulled, periodically reversing direction. The US electric grid operates at 60 hertz, which means that it switches direction 60 times a second.
Traditional power plants generate AC power by spinning a turbine which interacts with a magnet to produce AC current. Solar panels, however, produce DC current which then needs to be converted to the AC current for our power grid. How do we get DC electricity into the AC grid? We use an inverter.
A solar inverter takes the DC electricity from the solar array and transforms it into AC electricity. The DC current is fed into a transformer with multiple windings. The magnetic field created by the core of the transform switches from winding to winding transforming the DC to AC current. Along with converting DC to AC power, inverters also serve as “the brains” of the PV array, providing critical safety protections, system monitoring and controls for the solar farm.
A utility scale solar farm refers to a larger solar array that generates electricity and feeds the power directly into the transmission grid to supply utilities and other wholesale power customers. While the definition of utility scale may vary, it is usually greater than 25MWac or approximately 200 acres. Urban Grid’s utility scale solar farms typically range from 75MWac to 250MWac. As the solar industry has matured, the size of solar farms has gotten larger.
Solar panels have been in commercial use for more than half a century and the long term operations and safety of solar panels is well established. Most solar panels are based on silicon cells or silicon technology. In solid form, silicon is non-toxic and won’t harm humans or animals. It is also inert – it doesn’t mix with water or vaporize into the air which means that it can’t leak into the ground or air.
Solar panels are manufactured to endure all weather conditions and are regularly installed in extreme conditions from hot deserts to Arctic conditions. The glass face of the panels are made of tempered glass and have to pass rigorous hail tests. The panels themselves are fully encapsulated and sealed shut to ensure both the long life of the panel as well as public safety, as with all electrical equipment.
All solar panels are required to pass the Environmental Protection Agency’s Toxic Leaching Characteristic Procedure (TCLP) test, meaning that these panels are nonhazardous.
The solar inverters include transformers and, like most electrical transformers, they include a liquid cooling oil. In the case of solar inverters, the cooling fluid used is either a nontoxic mineral oil or a biodegradable non-toxic vegetable oil.
No. Solar panels themselves produce no noise while in use. The electrical inverters, used to convert energy from direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC), emit a low hum at about 65 decibels,1 comparable to the sound of an air conditioning unit. 2 3 Standing at the project fence line, you will not be able to hear the inverters. And, with solar, we can also guarantee that the inverters will never run at night. Many projects also have single axis trackers that rotate the panels to follow the arc of the sun. These trackers move incredibly slowly and are virtually silent – they do not create any audible noise.
1 Questions and Answers: Ground-Mounted Solar Photovoltaic Systems.
Massachusetts Department of Energy
2 Solar Inverter Decibel Levels: Do Solar Farms Make Noise? Solar Choice.
3 Outdoor Noise and the Metropolitan Environment, M.C. Branch et al.,
Department of City Planning, City of Los Angeles
No. Solar panels are designed to absorb and absorb sunlight, not reflect it. Most panels use special anti-reflective coating, suppressing reflection to approximately 2% of incoming Sunlight.1 Solar arrays are less reflective than windows or still water and will not negatively impact air traffic or homeowners.2 There have been numerous studies by the FAA as well as the Department of Defense which shown that there is no appreciable glare from the solar panels and that solar panel glare poses no hazard to car or air travel. In fact, many solar farms have been installed near airports and US Military bases.
1 Questions and Answers: Ground-Mounted Solar Photovoltaic Systems.
Massachusetts Department of Energy Resources Resources.
2 IBID
A solar farm is designed to operate for 35 years or more. At the end of its useful life, the solar plant operator will decommission the solar array and return the land to its original state. Our standard leases include a contractual obligation to maintain the solar system and remove the solar farm at the end of the lease or lifetime of the plant. If the project’s ownership should change during the term of the lease, the new owners assume the same contractual obligations of maintenance and removal. Additionally, many communities now set specific decommissioning and financial standards to ensure the successful removal of a project after it ceases operation.
While the solar plant operator is required to decommission the solar farm, it also makes good business sense to do so as the scrap material from a solar array, the aluminum, steel and copper, has significant value and will offset the cost of the equipment removal.
Solar farms have minimal long term impact on agricultural land, unlike other types of development which most often permanently transform farmland to non-agricultural uses. In 2017, when North Carolina was the second largest solar market behind California, the North Carolina Agriculture Department and the NC Sustainable Energy Association explored the issue of utility scale solar’s impact on agricultural land. The study found that, in the preceding decade, only 0.19% of cropland had been repurposed from agriculture for solar. During this period, there was 1,000,000 acre loss of cropland in the state from development and housing, and solar only made up 1% of that total.
A solar installation will only take the agricultural land out of use for the term of the lease or the operational life of the solar farm. Once the solar farm is decommissioned, the land is returned to its original state, and then can either be to farming or another alternate use.
Solar leases can also help diversify the farm income, helping the farming enterprise manage through the ups and downs of the farming economy.
On a community level, solar provides long term investment in agricultural communities through the property taxes which support their way of life. Unlike much development, a solar farm will pay property taxes but doesn’t burden the local government with increased requirements on water, road, and school services.
Does this interest you?
Are you a voice for renewable energy in your community? A landowner? Let us know how we can be a good neighbor.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/our-partners/utility-planners/

> Utility Planners
PARTNERS IN OUR CLEAN ENERGY FUTURE
At Urban Grid, we recognize the critical role utilities play in each of the solar and storage projects we develop, as an interconnection partner, or as a potential buyer of renewable energy or an operational generating plant.
As we have grown, Urban Grid has intentionally hired professionals from utilities and RTOs to build our organizational experience. We strive to understand our Utility partner’s needs, whether it be an IOU, Electric Coop or Municipal Power Agency, to ensure that our collaboration is successful. Urban Grid also works with our Utility partners to deliver the right type of power or asset that they need.
Our Track Record
We’ve built our business by consistently delivering for our customers. Throughout our organization – from land acquisition and permitting to interconnection and commissioning, our mission is clear: provide cost competitive clean energy while delivering value to our stakeholders. While each and every one of us is accountable to that mission, it is our reputation for integrity and quality projects that truly powers Urban Grid.
Our Qualifications
- Engineering Capabilities: our engineers have PV, Storage, Transmission and Traditional power plant design experience. We have built these capabilities internally to ensure control of the process as well as the cost effectiveness and high quality of our clean energy projects. Design is critical from the beginning of the process until the project is operational.
- Interconnection Experience: our Interconnection Team consists of former Utility professionals who have a deep understanding of utility interconnection and have seen the process from the other side. Our interconnection team is professional, efficient and solutions focused.
- Development, Permitting & Regulatory Experience: our Project Development group has over a century of experience successfully guiding solar projects through the development process. We are proud of our track record delivering high quality solar development assets to our utility partners.
- Origination Flexiblity: our Origination Team has decades of experience working with large utilities, electrical coops and public power. We strive to find the solution that best fits your utility’s needs and best serves your stakeholders.
Why Urban Grid?
LEADERSHIP
Our executive team are change makers. Comprising clean energy, utility and finance industry experts, our leaders are fully accessible throughout the entirety of our projects and set the tone for a nimble approach to complex work.
FINANCING
We are well capitalized. Urban Grid is backed by strong financial investment and industry leading strategic partners who rely on our expertise and ability to bring quality renewables projects to market.
STRATEGY
Our people lead the way. Talent and industry experience have built Urban Grid and its world class projects and pipeline of well positioned renewable energy projects.
ORGANIZATION
We are set up for success. From site finding and permitting to origination and engineering, our process is built upon our experience with bringing quality projects to market.
Does this interest you?
Our origination team is ready to talk. Let us know how we can work together to meet your needs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/our-partners/business-leaders/

> Business Leaders
WE CAN HELP ACHIEVE NET ZERO-CARBON BY 2050
A record 23.7 GW of clean energy was procured by corporations in the US in 2020 and according to BloombergNEF, underpinning the market is surging corporate stakeholder interest in sustainability, carbon reduction and climate risk mitigation.
Urban Grid brings deep experience with offsite solar solutions, structured finance and solar and storage project development. We aim to deliver real value for our corporate clients while helping them to achieve their long term economic and sustainability goals.
How We Rolled
(and still do)
As the saying goes, anything worth doing is hard. But sometimes, change and transition can begin with the simplest actions that lead to monumental impact. In Urban Grid’s early days, from a makeshift office in a spare bedroom, a late night internet search for land led to a phone call, that led to an introduction that eventually led to a 400 MWac project with one of the world’s largest corporate consumers of energy. True story!
Today, for different reasons, many of us are working out of makeshift offices in spare bedrooms. But our team is accomplished, our approach is sophisticated and we bring a decade of experience transacting awesome renewable energy projects and bringing them to life.
Our early days shaped our culture and Urban Grid remains a tenacious band of believers in the clean energy transition. We’re inspired knowing the impact of our everyday efforts can enable our partners to change the world.
Why Offsite Solar Makes Business Sense
- Greater ability to scale over on-site solar.
- No upfront capital expenditure.
- Future potential cost savings.
- Cost effectively achieve sustainability or greenhouse gas reduction targets.
- Fixed price – serves as a price hedge against volatile energy markets.
Case Studies
The Urban Grid team is ready to tell your clean energy story.
– Shell Energy North America
Colonial Trail West – Facebook
- 150 MWac
- Constructed on approximately 1,800 acres in Surry County, Virginia
- Began operations in December 2019
- Acquired by Dominion Energy in June 2018
- Annually offsets 577,101 tons of carbon dioxide emissions
- Renewable energy credits purchased by Facebook
Spring Grove I – Facebook
- 98 MWac
- Constructed on approximately 1,200 acres in Surry County Virginia
- Began operations in December 2020
- Acquired by Dominion Energy in June 2018
- Annually offsets 357,640 tons of carbon dioxide emissions
- Renewable energy credits purchased by Facebook
– Shell Energy North America
Briel Farm and Gardy’s Mill – Shell Energy North America
- 42 MWac total
- Constructed on approximately 400 acres in Westmoreland and Henrico County, Virginia
- Began operations in December 2020
- Acquired by NextEnergy Capital in 2019
- Annually offsets 123,707 tons
- Power procured by Shell Energy North America.
How can we help?
We are equipped and ready to work with your team to deliver offsite solar and storage solutions when you are.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/our-partners/policy-makers/

INVESTMENT IN RENEWABLE ENERGY POLICY
We are proud to partner with these national and state level organizations who are paving the way for our clean energy future.
At Urban Grid, it is core to our mission and culture to actively engage with all stakeholders in the renewable energy industry and energy markets. Strong policy not only shapes the market for our utility and corporate customers, but also for our landowners and their neighbors. That is why we are committed to supporting the clean energy organizations in each state in which we are actively developing projects.
We are proud to invest in renewable energy policy to accelerate the clean energy transition and leave a better world to our children.
We are proud to partner with these national and state level organizations who are paving the way for our clean energy future.
The Urban Grid team actively participates at the national and state level to advance the development of solar and other clean energy. We roll up our sleeves as part of working groups, provide stakeholder input in utility regulatory proceedings, sponsor clean energy events and education. Our collective contributions, together with those of our industry colleagues, support a clean energy workforce of more than 700,000. Let us know how we can help your organization.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/careers/

Careers
OUR COMMITMENT TO CLEAN ENERGY STARTS WITH OUR TALENTED TEAM
At Urban Grid, we take pride in bringing together professionals from throughout the energy industry. We value diversity, inclusion and workplace flexibility, while striving to attract and retain top engineers, analysts, developers and policy experts who contribute at every level of our organization.
Urban Grid is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please contact us here.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected status.
Why consider a career at Urban Grid? We asked the experts...
- "The ability to work at a place where I felt like my effort was making a positive difference - also the projects that I get to work on are challenging and I feel like I'm constantly learning (which is a huge plus for me). Everyone I've worked with so far has been really welcoming and supportive."
- "Everyone here is truly listened to."
- “We're dedicated to maximizing the potential of our greatest asset: our employees.”
- “We want our employees to thrive.”
- “Working with creative, highly motivate people, committed to renewable energy.”
- “Balancing work and play is met with generous PTO allowances and 13 Paid Holidays per year."
Current Openings
Thank you for your interest in Urban Grid!
To be considered for a position, please click the position of interest and complete our online application.
For more information regarding your legal rights and protections, please see below:
As a Compliance Manager, you will be responsible and accountable for overseeing the asset management organization’s comprehensive compliance program, ensuring adherence to all applicable requirements across the business function. This includes, but is not limited to energy, safety, environmental, operational, financial and other regulatory compliance initiatives. The Compliance Manager will also be responsible for onboarding efforts of each project, ongoing program management, risk reduction and ensuring the projects comply with all relevant regulations.
Urban Grid is seeking a Contracts and Procurement Manager to play a critical role in managing the procurement, contracting, and supply chain operations related to the development and construction of renewable (solar & BESS) energy projects. You will be responsible for sourcing, negotiating, contracting, and managing the procurement and contracts responsibility related to our Engineering, Procurement, and Construction (EPC) and Major High Voltage Equipment needs, ensuring that projects are developed and executed efficiently and cost-effectively.
The Utility-Scale Solar Development Manager will be responsible for supporting the management of one or more early or mid-stage utility-scale solar development projects, from securing land and managing landowner relations to interconnection, community relations, preliminary design and engineering, consultant management, legal oversight, permitting, pre-construction preparation, financing and origination support. This person will work on a Team with several Senior Development Managers and be involved with projects ranging from 80 to more than 600MWs and will also work to support a cross-functional team overseeing a portfolio in excess of 6GWs. This role requires experience managing complex projects through the full life cycle of development and into financing. Our projects are located across the country so you should have experience working in multiple ISO’s with some direct experience in ISONE, NYISO, PJM, MISO, and/or WECC/BPA.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/news-and-resources/

Lawrence County Workforce Initiative Opens Pathways to Renewable Energy Careers For North Alabama Residents
Open House at R.A. Hubbard Community Center to Connect Local Job Seekers with Opportunities in Renewable Energy. HOUSTON, Tx. — October 15, 2025 —Urban Grid, a leading independent power producer (IPP),

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/urban-grid-announces-nextenergy-capitals-acquisition-of-approximately-46mwp-of-solar-projects-in-virginia/

RICHMOND, Va., April 25, 2019 /PRNewswire/ — Urban Grid, a leading developer of solar projects throughout the United States, is pleased to announce that NextEnergy Capital through their fund NextPower III, has acquired two of our solar development projects, totaling approximately 46MWp/34MWac, in Henrico County and Westmoreland County, VA.
The two solar projects, Briel Farm Solar (28MWp/20MWac) and Gardy’s Mill Solar (18MWp/14MWac), will cover approximately 300 acres and generate electricity equivalent to the consumption of 9,785 homes.
These two projects represent NextEnergy Capital’s first utility-scale solar venture in the United States for their new fund, NextPower III.
The estimated $40m construction cost of the two projects will generate over 120 jobs. Construction will commence immediately with the projects expected to reach commercial operation by March 2020. The solar projects will provide direct and indirect economic benefits to the Commonwealth of Virginia of approximately $21m and will offset approximately 123,706,737 pounds of CO2 annually.
Frank DePew, President of Urban Grid commented “Urban Grid is excited to announce the acquisitions of these two projects by NextEnergy. Our team members successfully partnered previously with NextEnergy on several solar projects in the UK and we are pleased to continue that relationship with the sale of Briel Farm Solar and Gardy’s Mill Solar, facilitating NextEnergy’s expansion into the US market. Urban Grid looks forward to continuing to bring exceptional development projects and economic benefits to the Commonwealth of Virginia. We are grateful to the many individuals that made these projects possible, especially those at Henrico County and Westmoreland County for their support and cooperation throughout the development process.”
Michael Bonte-Friedheim, CEO and Founding Partner of NextEnergy Capital highlighted “We are very pleased to announce NextPower III’s first investments in the US solar market, where we expect to grow significantly in short order. We are also looking forward to strengthening the partnership with Urban Grid and developing our relationships within the local communities and institutions. Our track record of fostering mutually beneficial relationships in the communities in which we operate is something we are particularly proud of.”
About Urban Grid
Urban Grid is a leading developer of utility-scale solar power plants. Founded in Richmond, Virginia, in 2011, with offices in Virginia, Washington, DC, and Maryland, Urban Grid has completed the development of approximately 646 MWp of solar projects and currently has more than 5,600 MWp of solar projects under development. Our team has a proven track record of delivering solar energy solutions for corporate, utility, and municipal clients to meet their sustainability and renewable energy goals. www.urbangridco.com
About NextEnergy Capital
NextEnergy Capital (“NEC”) Group is one of the leading international investment and asset managers focused on the solar sector. Founded in 2007, NEC has over 140 employees across five offices, including London, Milan, Hyderabad, Luxembourg and Guernsey. Since inception it has acquired over 150 solar assets and NextEnergy Capital Limited currently manages c.$1.5 billion worth of solar investments.
NextPower III is a private equity fund established to invest in the international solar sector, specifically to fund the construction and long-term ownership of solar power plants. NextPower III’s target markets comprise mainly OECD and OECD Key Partner countries. It has initial commitments of c.US$160m, secured at its first close in November 2018, and a target size of US$750m. In the UK, the NextEnergy Solar Fund (NESF) is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is the largest listed solar infrastructure company in Europe. It has invested over £894 million into operating solar assets, amassing a portfolio of 87 operational sites, with a total capacity of 691MW. Of the 87 sites, 7 are in Italy and there are 3 portfolios of UK rooftop assets.’

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/brookfield-renewable-acquires-premiere-renewable-developer-urban-grid-adding-approximately-20000-megawatts-of-solar-and-energy-storage-projects-in-the-u-s/

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-looking Statements
This news release contains forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Forward-looking statements may include estimates, plans, expectations, opinions, forecasts, projections, guidance or other statements that are not statements of fact. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as “will”, “expected”, “intend”, “potential”, “can” or variations of such words and phrases. Forward-looking statements in this news release include statements regarding the parties’ future expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, financial condition, assumptions or future events or performance, including with respect to the development of Urban Grid’s pipeline and the ability of the parties to optimize value of that pipeline. Although Brookfield Renewable believes that such forward-looking statements and information are based upon reasonable assumptions and expectations, no assurance is given that such expectations will prove to have been correct. The reader should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and information as such statements and information involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the ability of the parties to realize the expected benefits of the acquisition of Urban Grid, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Brookfield Renewable to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievement expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and information.
Except as required by law, Brookfield Renewable does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or information, whether written or oral, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/urban-grid-expands-leadership-teamnaming-generalcounsel-and-vpassetmanagement/

Readying for Deployment of First Fully Developed and Built Assets, Urban Grid Ramps Up Operations as Independent Power Producer
RICHMOND, Va., June 20, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Urban Grid, a Brookfield Renewable company and leading provider of clean energy, today named Randy Sawyer, formerly of EDP Renewables, as General Counsel. In addition, Jeff Hudson, former Director of Transmission Engineering for the firm, has been promoted to Vice President of Asset Management.
“I’ve spent nearly a decade supporting the hard work of decarbonizing the grid and my passion for it transcends the job,” said Sawyer. “Urban Grid is poised for extraordinary growth and the team is really building something new and that’s so exciting. To provide sound counsel and help guide the business through this phase and beyond is a huge and humbling opportunity.”
Sawyer began his career at the law firms of Holland & Knight and Latham & Watkins before joining EDP Renewables, where he spent 10 years, ultimately becoming Associate General Counsel, overseeing finance and tax equity transactions in addition to a broad swath of legal operations and streamlining processes in order to minimize project risk.
As Urban Grid’s first in-house counsel, Sawyer will develop an internal legal function that allows the team to remain nimble and innovative while navigating compliance and regulatory requirements. Further, he will help to establish processes and strategic relationships as the company forms new operating business units such as asset management under VP, Jeff Hudson. Jeff’s asset management experience at Duke Energy coupled with his leadership at Urban Grid make him a great fit to lead the rollout of this new department with the goal of safely operating our power plants, maintaining high reliability and incorporating an agrivoltaic land management program for world-class operations.
“Our late-stage and in-construction projects are rapidly moving towards commercial operations and we’ll be ready to manage power generation by December,” said Peter Candelaria, Urban Grid CEO. “Under Jeff’s leadership, we’re building out operations to fully support our new solar facilities, off-take partners and–importantly–the local community for decades to come. I am honored to welcome Randy and Jeff to the expanding leadership team at Urban Grid.”
In January 2022, Brookfield Renewable U.S. acquired Urban Grid. The acquisition tripled Brookfield Renewable’s U.S. development to 31,000 megawatts of capacity and set Urban Grid on a course for growth. The acquisition has enabled Urban Grid to transition its development assets into operating facilities. Today, the platform spans the lifecycle of solar and energy storage development through project delivery, from site acquisition, community engagement, and development to engineering, construction, and commercialization. Urban Grid is actively preparing for the asset management process as projects enter construction.
Urban Grid
Urban Grid, a leading independent power producer, facilitates a rapid and sustainable energy transition by developing high-quality renewable energy projects, fostering community partnerships, and serving as a good land steward. Our company is positioned to own and operate its facilities while cultivating a land management system that benefits farmers, communities, and the natural world through agrivoltaics. Urban Grid maintains a delivery-focused approach with the goal of being a good neighbor, corporate citizen, and trusted energy solutions partner. Headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, with teams situated strategically throughout the United States, Urban Grid has a long history of contributing to the clean energy economy. In addition to 272.5 megawatts currently under construction, we are actively developing a growing portfolio of more than 15,000 megawatts of solar PV and 7,000 megawatts of co-located and stand-alone energy storage. For more, please visit www.urbangridsolar.com.
Urban Grid is a Brookfield Renewable company. Brookfield Renewable operates one of the world’s largest publicly traded, pure-play renewable power platforms.
Brookfield Renewable
Brookfield Renewable Brookfield Renewable operates one of the world’s largest publicly traded, pure-play renewable power platforms. Our portfolio consists of hydroelectric, wind, utility-scale solar and storage facilities in North America, South America, Europe and Asia, and totals approximately 31,600 megawatts of installed capacity and a development pipeline including approximately 131,900 megawatts of renewable power assets, 12 million metric tonnes per annum (“MMTPA”) of carbon capture and storage, 2 million tons of recycled material, 4 million metric million British thermal units of renewable natural gas pipeline, a solar manufacturing
facility capable of producing 5,000 MW of panels annually and 1 MMTPA green ammonia facility powered entirely by renewable energy. Investors can access its portfolio either through Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. (NYSE: BEP; TSX: BEP.UN), a Bermuda-based limited partnership, or Brookfield Renewable Corporation (NYSE, TSX: BEPC), a Canadian corporation. Brookfield Renewable is the flagship listed renewable power company of Brookfield Corporation, a leading global alternative asset manager with over $825 billion of assets under management.
# # #

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/urban-grid-names-chief-financial-officer-chief-commercial-officer-to-senior-leadership-posts/

Eivind Osterhus and Erica Engle bring world-class expertise as IPP operations scale in 2024.
HOUSTON, Tx., February 13, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Urban Grid, a leading independent power producer (IPP), has named Eivind Osterhus as Chief Financial Officer and Erica Engle as Chief Commercial Officer. The two senior executives have noteworthy career achievements and round out Urban Grid’s senior management team.
Eivind Osterhus previously spent more than twenty years at energy technology company Baker Hughes, where he held leadership roles in Finance and Operations across the world. “It is incredibly exciting to be named CFO of Urban Grid at this dynamic time, as our first solar plant is generating power and ushering in the next chapter for the company,” said Osterhus. “My passion lies in leading a team to improve business and financial performance within a company that values sustainability and collaboration. I have found that in Urban Grid’s culture and very much look forward to making an impact here.”
Erica Engle joins Urban Grid with over 20 years of energy experience in energy trading and origination. She recently served as Head of Structured Origination at AES Clean Energy, playing an instrumental role in establishing them as a leading developer in corporate PPAs for the past two years. “This is an exciting time to join Urban Grid as they expand their presence as an owner-operator of renewable assets,” Engle remarked. “I look forward to working with the team to commercialize the solar and storage portfolio, closely partnering with our customers to continue accelerating towards a carbon-free future.”
“Urban Grid remains committed to driving economic growth and sustainability across the local communities served by our portfolio,” said Pete Candelaria, CEO. “Eivind and Erica exemplify the leadership, passion, and shared values necessary to continue delivering on this commitment. It is my great pleasure to welcome them both to Urban Grid.
Eivind and Erica are based out of Urban Grid’s headquarters in Houston, Texas.
Urban Grid
Media Contact:
Val Newcomb
(434) 422-5679

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/urban-grid-marks-milestone-virginia-portfolio-launch-with-three-new-projects-driving-local-economic-impact/

CRYSTAL HILL, Va. — Nov. 14, 2024 — Urban Grid, a leading independent power producer, launched its Virginia solar portfolio in Halifax County this week, marking a significant investment in locally generated energy and a stronger local economy. In a ceremony held at the Crystal Hill Solar site, Urban Grid celebrated the completion of three major projects: Crystal Hill Solar, Alton Post Office Solar and Foxglove Solar. Together, these projects are paving the way for a more resilient, locally supported power grid and reinforcing Virginia’s role as a leader in domestic energy production.
The event brought together local leaders, project partners and community members, who joined to commemorate Urban Grid’s commitment to providing reliable, homegrown energy while strengthening the regional economy. CEO Pete Candelaria, COO Saad Shamsi, CDO Matt McCluskey and Halifax County Supervisor Robbie Smart were among those who spoke at the event. Members of American Legion Post 99 led the Pledge of Allegiance to open the ceremony.
“This is an important day for Urban Grid and for Virginia,” said Pete Candelaria, CEO of Urban Grid. “With the launch of our Virginia portfolio, we are delivering on Urban Grid’s vision to drive energy independence and local economic growth. These projects are generating good jobs, tax revenue and reliable power for thousands of Virginia homes. Together with our local partners, we are building a stronger, more resilient energy future right here in Halifax County.”
The Crystal Hill Solar site, which has been operational for nearly a year, spans 65 megawatts and represents a significant local investment in both infrastructure and workforce. The Alton Post Office and Foxglove Solar projects, both 75 megawatt facilities, set to come online by year’s end, will add additional capacity to Virginia’s power grid, supporting economic growth and enhancing the state’s energy resilience. These projects contribute millions in tax revenue and create hundreds of jobs, helping to build a foundation for long-term economic strength.
Matt McCluskey, Urban Grid’s Chief Development Officer said, “We are deeply committed to creating lasting value in the communities where we develop and operate. Our projects are not just about delivering power—they’re about building partnerships, supporting local economies and investing in the people who live here. We are proud to work alongside Halifax County and other project communities to help drive sustainable economic growth and opportunity.”
Supervisor Robbie Smart of Halifax County highlighted the positive impact on the local economy: “Urban Grid’s projects are a valuable addition to Halifax County, demonstrating our commitment to a balanced approach to development,” said Robbie Smart, Halifax County Supervisor. “We are focused on supporting successful projects that respect the character of our community while providing meaningful benefits to our citizens. With new sources of tax revenue from these solar projects, we can enhance vital services such as fire and rescue, maintain and improve our roads, and ensure a brighter future for Halifax County. Today is a proud day for our county, and we look forward to a strong partnership with Urban Grid in the years to come.”
Urban Grid’s Virginia projects reflect the company’s commitment to supporting local economies, creating jobs and contributing to a more resilient and independent power grid. With the support of local and state partners, Urban Grid has built a strong foundation in Virginia, showing how clean energy can strengthen American industries and local communities alike.
Urban Grid’s scholarship program, launched in May 2024 in conjunction with its Virginia projects, will provide annual awards to local high school students in the communities surrounding each project. Focused on supporting students pursuing education at technical schools or community colleges, the program will invest $225,000 over the first five years throughout Virginia, Maryland and Pennsylvania, benefiting more than 80 students. Through this commitment, Urban Grid aims to empower future generations and contribute to local workforce development.
About Urban Grid
Urban Grid, a leading independent power producer, facilitates a rapid and sustainable energy transition by developing high-quality renewable energy projects, fostering community partnerships, and serving as a good land steward. Our company is positioned to own and operate its facilities while cultivating a land management system that benefits farmers, communities, and the natural world through agrivoltaics. Urban Grid maintains a delivery-focused approach with the goal of being a good neighbor, corporate citizen, and trusted energy solutions partner. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, with teams situated strategically throughout the United States, Urban Grid has a long history of contributing to the clean energy economy. In addition to 940 megawatts currently under construction, we are actively developing a growing portfolio of more than 12,000 megawatts of solar PV and 7,000 megawatts of co-located and stand-alone energy storage.
Urban Grid is a portfolio company of Brookfield, one of the world’s largest owners and operators of renewable power and climate transition assets.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/community-commitment/

Community Commitment
good neighbors & lasting impact
Our solar and energy storage projects are having a profound effect on America’s transition to clean energy–and we are grateful to the many land owners and supportive local community members who have come to know Urban Grid as good neighbors.
As we aim to have a positive and lasting impact in every community that is home to an Urban Grid project, we are mindful of our responsibility to be stewards of the land and to make a difference for future generations.
At Urban Grid, we are proud to support the Chesapeake Bay Foundation (CBF), the largest environmental organization dedicated solely to saving and protecting the Chesapeake Bay. Urban Grid is thrilled to have served as the Presenting Sponsor of Bands in the Sand in 2023 and 2024 as well as a sponsor of their signature oyster restoration event, DC on the Half Shell in 2024.
For over 55 years, CBF has worked to achieve clean water and a healthy environment across a watershed that is home to nearly 20 million people.
Many of Urban Grid’s solar projects reside in the Chesapeake Bay watershed, the largest estuary in the United States and the third largest in the world.
The watershed spans Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, New York and Washington, D.C. and helps filter and protect the drinking water of 13.5 million Bay watershed residents through its forests and trees.
With our support, CBF can continue its work to:
- Rebuild reefs throughout the Bay with billions of oysters
- Plant millions of trees in streamside forests
- Send students on learning field trips

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/procurement-supply-chain/

Supply Chain & Procurement
Ensuring excellence & efficiency
At Urban Grid, our Supply Chain & Procurement team is committed to driving efficiency, sustainability, and value across all of our projects. Our mission is to build strong, long-term partnerships with vendors who share our dedication to quality, innovation, and ethical practices. Together, we aim to accelerate the clean energy transition.
What we do:
The Supply Chain & Procurement department at Urban Grid is an integral part of our company’s growth and success. We are responsible for the sourcing of essential materials and services that deliver state-of-the-art solar facilities across the United States. From selecting high-quality vendors, to negotiating strategic agreements, our team works to ensure that we stay competitive and compliant while supporting the company’s vision of a sustainable future.
Our Focus:
- Vendor Partnerships: We work closely with a wide range of suppliers to ensure they align with Urban Grid's standards and values.
- Sourcing & Procurement: We manage procurement activities across all categories, including solar panels, engineering services, high-voltage equipment, and more.
- Compliance & Risk Management: We ensure all vendor relationships meet regulatory requirements and industry best practices.
- Cost Efficiency & Value Creation: We optimize procurement strategies and deliver cost savings without compromising on quality.
Vendor Code of Conduct & ABC Policy
Our Vendor Code of Conduct & Anti-Bribery and Corruption (ABC) Policy set the ethical and operational standards we expect from all partners. We are committed to fostering relationships that adhere to the highest standards of integrity, environmental sustainability, and social responsibility.
What we expect:
Compliance with all applicable laws and regulations
Commitment to environmental sustainability and reducing carbon footprints
Respect for human rights and fair labor practices
Zero tolerance for bribery or corruption
By adhering to this code, our partners help Urban Grid to achieve its goal for a responsible and sustainable supply chain.
Vendor Standard Terms & Conditions
We believe in fair, standardized, and transparent agreements that provide clarity to our partners. The Urban Grid Vendor Standard Terms and Conditions outlines the foundational expectations for all supplier relationships. These terms ensure consistency, mitigate risk, and promote successful collaboration across all projects.
vendor portal
Contact Us
We value collaboration with innovative and reliable vendors who can help us meet our ambitious goals. To start the process, please review the Vendor Standard Terms and Conditions and Vendor Code of Conduct PDFs. If you have any questions or require further information, our Procurement team is ready to assist.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.urbangridsolar.com/california-applicant-data-protection-and-privacy-notice/

California Applicant Data Protection Policy And Privacy Notice
1. INTRODUCTION
This is the applicant data protection policy and privacy notice (“Notice”) for Urban Grid (as defined below). This Notice applies to you when you make an application for a position at Urban Grid (as defined below) if you are a California resident. If you become an Urban Grid employee, this Notice will no longer be applicable to you. Instead, the California Urban Grid Employee and Personnel Data Protection Policy and Privacy Notice for employees, directors, officers, independent contractors, and other temporary staff and personnel of Urban Grid will apply.
At Urban Grid, we respect your privacy, and this Notice governs how Urban Grid collects, processes (as defined below) and uses your Personal Data (as defined below). For the purposes of applicable California laws and regulations relating to data protection and privacy (“Data Protection Legislation”), Urban Grid acts as a business in respect of your Personal Data.
Please read the information set out below before submitting your resume, CV and/or application form.
This Notice was last updated in January 26, 2024.
2. DEFINITIONS
The following definitions shall apply to this Notice:
“Urban Grid”, “we”, “us”, “our” means entities owned, operated and/or managed by Urban Grid Solar Projects, LLC.
“Personal Data”has the meaning given to it or any similar term (e.g., “personal information”, “nonpublic personal information”, “PII”, “personally referable information”) in applicable Data Protection Legislation and for the avoidance of doubt means any information which directly or indirectly identifies or otherwise relates to a living individual, which is in the possession or under the control of Urban Grid (or its representatives or service providers). Such Personal Data may include, without limitation, the name, age, identification number, email address, address, telephone number, location data, financial data, or online identifier of that individual.
“Process” or “processing” means any operation that is carried out in respect of Personal Data, including but not limited to collecting, storing, using, disclosing, transferring or deleting Personal Data.
“Sensitive Personal Data” has the meaning ascribed to this or any similar term provided by applicable Data Protection Legislation (e.g., “sensitive personal information”, “sensitive data”, “special categories of personal data”) and includes the Personal Data mentioned in Section 6 below.
3. NOTICE REGARDING CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section of the Notice is intended to provide California residents with information concerning our collection and use of your Personal Data and your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CCPA”).
We have collected, and disclosed for a business purpose, the following categories of Personal Data within the last twelve (12) months from individuals covered by this Notice:
(a) identifiers and other personal information, such as name, address, online identifiers;
(b) internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, and interactions with advertisements;
(c) professional or employment-related information;
(d) education information;
(e) inferences drawn from any of the foregoing categories of information to create a consumer profile; and
(f) Sensitive Personal Data, including:
- personal information that reveals an individual’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
- personal information that reveals an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership; and
- personal information collected and analyzed concerning an individual’s health.
The third parties to whom we may disclose Personal Data, including Sensitive Personal Data, are set forth in Section 7 and the sources from which we receive Personal Data, including Sensitive Personal Data, are set forth in Section 4.
Our business or commercial purposes for collecting and using Personal Data, including Sensitive Personal Data, are set forth in Section 5.
California residents have the right to request to access, correct, or delete their Personal Data, subject to certain exceptions set out in Data Protection Legislation. If you wish to exercise any of the rights enumerated in this section, please contact us at [email protected], via webform here or by phone at +1 (844) 441-9869, PIN: 893744. We may deny certain requests or fulfill a request only in part based on our legal rights and obligations. We will not discriminate against you because you exercise any of these rights. We will verify your identity before we act on your request. The verification steps may vary depending on the type of request and the type of Personal Data. You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. We may require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so, and we may need to verify your identity directly
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request certain information from us regarding the manner in which we share with third parties certain categories of information that identifies you for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Urban Grid does not share Personal Data with third parties for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes.
4. THE TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
Urban Grid will collect Personal Data about you:
(a) directly from you;
(b) from a third party acting on your behalf, for example an intermediary, lawyer or service provider;
(c) from other Urban Grid entities;
(d) from publicly available sources;
(e) from other organizations; and
(f) when we generate it ourselves.
Such Personal Data may include:
(a) details of your name, age, date of birth, e-mail address, address, telephone number, identification number, online identifier, location, gender, nationality, citizenship, other contact information, right to work status (including passport, driving license, birth or adoption certificate), marital status, emergency contact details, qualifications, skills and work experience, details of previous compensation, benefits and terms of employment, signature, and a username and password (if our site prompts you to create an account);
(b) pension and superannuation details;
(c) information about your health;
(d) details of your suitability to work with us, your past performance at work, regulatory references, your character, details of your fitness to work verification of the information that you provide to us as part of your application, and if legally permitted, any history concerning criminal convictions and/or health checks, from third party references that you provide to us, from your previous and/or current employers, opinions expressed by Urban Grid and/or others about you and from third party background checking services or a previous employer or other referee;
(e) your social insurance or Medicare or social security number or other tax identification number and details of tax residency;
(f) data provided by you in the context of us carrying out background checks, anti-money laundering, regulatory, tax and know your client checks (such as data included in identification documents, details of criminal records and sanctions); and
(g) information required as a result of legal, tax and regulatory requirements or internal policies.
Please note that if you do not provide certain Personal Data to Urban Grid when requested (and where relevant, provide your consent), we may not be able to consider you for a position at Urban Grid.
5. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Your Personal Data may be collected, stored, disclosed and processed by Urban Grid for the following purposes:
(a) to carry out pre-employment, background and related checks and to conduct due diligence (such as to verify the details that you provide and to ensure that you are suitable for the role for which you have applied), as determined by applicable laws. Please note that it is our standard practice to request employment references once you have agreed, either verbally or in writing, to accept a position with Urban Grid. This may involve the use of a credit reference agency or other third parties acting as our agents to conduct these verifications and searches. We will also screen against publicly available government and/or law enforcement agency sanctions lists;
(b) if your application is unsuccessful, we may keep your information on record to notify you of relevant job vacancies with Urban Grid that may be of interest to you, in the future;
(c) for equal opportunity and diversity monitoring purposes;
(d) to respond to your enquiries;
(e) for the management and administration of our business;
(f) to comply with and in order to assess compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations (including tax reporting purposes pursuant to tax legislation), industry codes, voluntary codes we decide to adopt, or good practice, anywhere in the world and internal policies and procedures;
(g) to detect, investigate and prevent fraud and other crimes or malpractice;
(h) for the purpose of, or in connection with, any legal proceedings (including prospective legal proceedings);
(i) to obtain legal advice or to establish, exercise or defend legal rights;
(j) the administration and maintenance of databases storing Personal Data;
(k) to comply with our contractual obligations; and
(l) for purposes otherwise set out in this Notice or as notified to you at the specific time of collection.
If you are a resident of California, you understand that by submitting your resume, CV and/or application form, you expressly provide your consent to Urban Grid collecting, using, storing, processing and disclosing your Personal Data as set out in this Notice.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may record and/or monitor electronic communications (including email and telephone) to ensure compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations and internal policies and for the purposes outlined in this Notice.
6. SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA
Certain forms of Personal Data are subject to specific protection or restriction by law in the state of California. Sensitive Personal Data can include:
(a) personal information that reveals racial or ethnic origin; religious or philosophical beliefs; or union membership;
(b) personal information that reveals genetic data;
(c) personal information that reveals biometric information processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual;
(d) personal information collected and analyzed concerning an individual’s health
(e) personal information collected and analyzed concerning an individual’s sex life or sexual orientation;
(f) account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account;
(g) social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
(h) personal information that reveals precise geolocation; and
(i) the contents of an individual’s mail, email or text messages, unless Urban Grid is the intended recipient of the communication.
We will not process your Sensitive Personal Data unless such processing is compliant with applicable Data Protection Legislation.
To the extent that we need to obtain your explicit consent to process your Sensitive Personal Data, to the fullest extent permitted by law, when you provide your Sensitive Personal Data to us you are deemed to have consented to us processing your Sensitive Personal Data, which includes disclosing your Sensitive Personal Data to third parties as set out in Section 7 below.
7. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA TO THIRD PARTIES
Urban Grid may share or provide access to your Personal Data among its affiliates and business units and third party agents, service providers and contractors outside of Urban Grid:
(a) for the purpose of the management and administration of Urban Grid’s business;
(b) in order to assess your application and verify the information you have provided;
(c) for the purpose of the administration and maintenance of the databases storing Personal Data;
(d) for the purposes of Urban Grid receiving or enhancing services (for example, Urban Grid’s accountants, administrators, auditors, service providers, custodians, depositories, third party managers, paying agents, professional advisors, IT and communications providers or any entity we reasonably consider necessary for the purposes outlined above). These third parties are expected to be subject to confidentiality requirements (either by contract, professional obligation, duty or otherwise) that require them to only use your Personal Data as described above;
(e) to the extent required by law (for example, if Urban Grid is compelled by an obligation or a duty to disclose your Personal Data where we believe it is necessary or appropriate to comply with any legal obligation, rule, regulations or internal Urban Grid policies and procedures, including (without limitation) in order to comply with tax reporting requirements and other statutory reporting and disclosures to regulatory authorities), or to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights. This may include disclosure to regulatory bodies or government agencies;
(f) as part of a transaction, financing, or for other business needs (for example, if Urban Grid sells any of its businesses or assets, applies for a loan, or opens bank accounts, in which case Urban Grid may need to disclose your Personal Data to the prospective buyer, lender or bank, as the case may be, as part of certain due diligence processes); or
(g) if Urban Grid or any of its affiliates, divisions or business units is acquired by a third party, including in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, in which case the Personal Data held by Urban Grid about you will be accessible to, and may be acquired by, the third party buyer.
Urban Grid may share anonymous or aggregated data with third parties such as service providers in order to facilitate our business operations.
Note that Urban Grid does not sell Personal Data covered by this Policy to third parties or target advertising to individuals based on their Personal Data obtained from their online activity on non-affiliated websites or applications (“cross-context behavioral advertising”).
8. TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
Urban Grid operates globally. This means Personal Data may be processed and disclosed as described above, in any country in which we conduct business or have a service provider. Accordingly, when you provide your Personal Data to Urban Grid, you acknowledge and agree that we may disclose your Personal Data to recipients (including, but not limited to service providers, Urban Grid affiliates or agents, and Urban Grid IT servers) located in jurisdictions other than your own, including but not limited to the following countries: Canada, and USA.
In other circumstances, Data Protection Legislation may permit Urban Grid to otherwise transfer your Personal Data outside of California provided it is in compliance with such Data Protection Legislation.
9. HOW WE SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Urban Grid has implemented commercially reasonable controls and appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Data, as well as to maintain the security of our information and information systems in respect of Personal Data. Files containing Personal Data are protected with safeguards according to the sensitivity of the information contained therein. Appropriate controls (such as restricted access) are placed on our computer systems and used where appropriate. Reasonable measures are taken to ensure physical access to Personal Data is limited to authorized employees.
As a condition of employment, Urban Grid employees are required to follow applicable laws and regulations, including in relation to Data Protection Legislation. Unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information by an Urban Grid employee is prohibited and may result in disciplinary measures.
When you contact an Urban Grid employee about your file, you may be asked to provide evidence of your identity (e.g., driver’s license or passport) and/or to confirm some details relating to the Personal Data Urban Grid holds about you. These types of safeguards are designed to ensure that only you, or someone authorized by you, has access to your file.
10. RETENTION AND DESTRUCTION OF PERSONAL DATA
The period for which Urban Grid will hold your Personal Data will vary and will be determined by the following criteria:
(a) The purpose for which Urban Grid is using it.Urban Grid is required to retain the Personal Data for as long as is necessary to satisfy or meet the purposes for which it was obtained including applicable legal or regulatory requirements; and
(b) Legal Obligations.Laws or regulations may set a minimum period for which Urban Grid must retain your Personal Data.
If required by the Data Protection Legislation of your jurisdiction, Urban Grid will take reasonable steps in the circumstances to destroy your Personal Data when we no longer have a legal basis to retain it or to ensure that the information is anonymized.
11. QUESTIONS AND CONCERNS
If you have any questions or concerns about Urban Grid’s handling of your Personal Data, or about this Notice, please contact our Legal & Regulatory team using the contact information set out below.
We are typically able to resolve privacy questions or concerns promptly and effectively. If you are not satisfied with the response you receive from our Legal & Regulatory team, depending on your jurisdiction, you may have the option to escalate concerns to the applicable privacy regulator in your jurisdiction, the details of which can be obtained from the Legal & Regulatory team.
12. URBAN GRID PRIVACY OFFICE CONTACT INFORMATION
Email: [email protected]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------