ROOT: https://usventure.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:44:00.372702Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://usventure.com/

Finding A Better Way
Our Purpose
At U.S. Venture, we’re driven by our purpose—Finding a Better Way. While each of our businesses offers a unique solution for our customers, our purpose remains the same. Whether it’s transportation innovation, sustainability, or delivering actionable insights, we’re focused on creating smarter pathways and shaping a brighter, more sustainable future.
Celebrating 75 Years
This year, we’re excited to celebrate a special milestone—75 years of U.S. Venture. From our humble beginnings as a family-owned business to becoming an industry leader, our journey has been defined by bold ideas, calculated risks, and a relentless drive to create value for our customers, communities, and partners. As we honor this milestone, we reaffirm our dedication to trusted partnerships, caring for our people, and operational excellence, paving the way for continued success.
The World Moves with U.S.
For 75 years, U.S. Venture has been a trusted leader in the distribution of renewable and traditional energy products, lubricants, tires, and parts. We empower the global movement of goods, using data-driven insights to deliver innovative, sustainable solutions that give our customers a competitive edge. At U.S. Venture, we’re not just building a smarter future—we’re committed to making the world a better place.
Our Vision
We will be the very best provider of transportation products, sustainability solutions, and insight driving the world forward.
Sustainability
U.S. Venture is dedicated to reducing carbon footprints, conserving resources, and fostering a sustainable future through every decision we make.
Making a Difference Together
At U.S. Venture, giving back isn’t just something we do—it’s part of who we are. We believe that our success is measured not only by our business outcomes but by the positive impact we create in the lives of others. By fostering caring relationships and addressing the root causes of poverty, we aim to build stronger communities and a brighter future for all.
Through initiatives like the U.S. Venture Open, the U.S. Venture/Schmidt Family Foundation, and our partnerships in Kenya, we’re driving meaningful change.
Ready to Make Your Mark with Us?
Be part of a people-centered culture that thrives on innovation, celebrates diversity, and fosters bold ideas. Ready to shape the future? Explore our open positions today.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/company-culture/

Culture
Finding a Better Way
Our purpose – Finding a Better Way. It fuels us to make every interaction count—whether that’s teaming up with our communities, innovating boldly, or showing up for each other. We’re not afraid to push the boundaries, roll up our sleeves, and get creative to make big things happen. We are one company, multiple divisions, and thousands of passionate individuals brought together by one shared purpose.
Purpose Guides Us, Values Ground Us
Values are the heartbeat of who we are. They’re how we work, connect, and grow. They’ve helped us build a proud legacy and keep us moving forward with purpose.
Our Differentiating Values
Since day one, forward thinking and a drive for excellence have defined us. We’re proud of where we’ve been and even more excited about what’s next. Together, we’re building a brighter, more connected future—one step, one idea, one partnership at a time.
Caring Relationships
We encourage our team members to foster fun, friendship, and compassion in all aspects of the job — with one another, our customers, our vendors, and our community partners. We approach relationships with inclusion, compassion, curiosity, and humility to become our best authentic selves.
Entrepreneurial Spirit
We lead by taking smart risks, cultivating ideas, and pushing boundaries to drive change. We inspire our team members to think like business owners, embrace innovation, and believe they can make things better.
Strategic Foresight
We ask our team members to broaden our perspectives, asking “why” and “when” to help us visualize a future-focused roadmap for our success.
High Performance
We foster a trusting culture to empower our team members to think big – driving operational excellence into all aspects of our organization.
We Love Our Work (and You Will, Too!)
At U.S. Venture, we think of our values as the heartbeat of who we are. They’re how we work, connect, and grow. These values have helped us build a legacy we’re proud of, one that keeps us moving forward with purpose.
Teamwork Is Core to Our Culture
Our culture is built on community, collaboration, and learning, with events and recognition that celebrate your contributions and successes. We are a learning organization, offering opportunities to grow and evolve as you take on new challenges. When you join U.S. Venture, you become part of a community.
Powered by People. Strengthened in Unity.
At U.S. Venture, our people are our greatest strength — and when they come together around shared identities, experiences, and passions, incredible things happen.
Ready to Make Your Mark with Us?
Join a culture that values team members, embraces innovation, and encourages bold thinking. Are you ready to make an impact? Discover your next opportunity today.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/about-us/

About Us
How ‘Finding a Better Way’ Guides Everything We Do
Our purpose, “Finding a Better Way,” drives everything we do. It inspires us to think innovatively and push boundaries. It fuels creativity, strengthens collaboration, and empowers us to go the extra mile. It’s not just a concept – it’s the foundation of our growth and collective success.
OUR differentiating VALUES
Caring
Relationships
Entrepreneurial
Spirit
Strategic
Foresight
High
Performance
Finding a Better Way shapes how we serve our customers, collaborate with one another, and uplift our community. It drives us to dream ambitiously, break new ground, and exceed expectations every single day.
Our Businesses
Finding a better way
Our People
Our greatest success has always been our people. They’re the driving force behind what truly sets us apart. Discover how our culture makes us unique.
Finding a Better Way Since 1951: The Schmidt Brothers Story
Our commitment to “Finding a Better Way” began in 1951 when Schmidt Brothers Oil Company first opened its doors. Since day one, we’ve dedicated ourselves to investing in innovation and our customers, striving to create a brighter and better future for everyone we serve.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/newsroom/

Titletown Winter Games Set for January 31
08-Jan-2026
Presented by U.S. Venture, the event will offer luge, curling, ski jumping, biathlon and figure skating Titletown will transform into a winter sports wonderland on Jan. 31 when it hosts the seventh annual Titletown Winter Games presented by U.S. Venture. The free event will offer community members the chance to experience the thrill of luge, curling,…

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/

Finding A Better Way
Our Purpose
At U.S. Venture, we’re driven by our purpose—Finding a Better Way. While each of our businesses offers a unique solution for our customers, our purpose remains the same. Whether it’s transportation innovation, sustainability, or delivering actionable insights, we’re focused on creating smarter pathways and shaping a brighter, more sustainable future.
Celebrating 75 Years
This year, we’re excited to celebrate a special milestone—75 years of U.S. Venture. From our humble beginnings as a family-owned business to becoming an industry leader, our journey has been defined by bold ideas, calculated risks, and a relentless drive to create value for our customers, communities, and partners. As we honor this milestone, we reaffirm our dedication to trusted partnerships, caring for our people, and operational excellence, paving the way for continued success.
The World Moves with U.S.
For 75 years, U.S. Venture has been a trusted leader in the distribution of renewable and traditional energy products, lubricants, tires, and parts. We empower the global movement of goods, using data-driven insights to deliver innovative, sustainable solutions that give our customers a competitive edge. At U.S. Venture, we’re not just building a smarter future—we’re committed to making the world a better place.
Our Vision
We will be the very best provider of transportation products, sustainability solutions, and insight driving the world forward.
Sustainability
U.S. Venture is dedicated to reducing carbon footprints, conserving resources, and fostering a sustainable future through every decision we make.
Making a Difference Together
At U.S. Venture, giving back isn’t just something we do—it’s part of who we are. We believe that our success is measured not only by our business outcomes but by the positive impact we create in the lives of others. By fostering caring relationships and addressing the root causes of poverty, we aim to build stronger communities and a brighter future for all.
Through initiatives like the U.S. Venture Open, the U.S. Venture/Schmidt Family Foundation, and our partnerships in Kenya, we’re driving meaningful change.
Ready to Make Your Mark with Us?
Be part of a people-centered culture that thrives on innovation, celebrates diversity, and fosters bold ideas. Ready to shape the future? Explore our open positions today.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/history/

Brothers Art and Ray Schmidt bought a fuel oil route in Kimberly, Wisconsin, and formed Schmidt Brothers Oil Company. Art’s wife, Gladys, took phone calls, managed delivery schedules, and kept the books from their home in Kimberly. Across town, Ray’s wife, Carol, did the posting of receivables from their home in Kaukauna. They kept the offices in their homes until 1958.
Art and Ray changed the company name to Schmidt Oil Co. when their father, Albert Schmidt, joined his sons in the family business. The brothers gave up some of their stock to make Albert an equal partner. They acquired land in Combined Locks to build bulk tanks that stored oil in addition to the company’s first service and gas station. This land is also where the first corporate office was built in later years.
Art and Ray seized the opportunity to purchase a truckload of Cooper Tires at a great price. With no plan or place to put them, they took a risk and bought the product but were forced to store tires in friends’ and family members’ garages. Not long after, they created a tires and parts division, led by Ray, and built a warehouse so they could begin distribution. That business division is now U.S. AutoForce.
A heating division was created to expand services offered – including selling and maintaining heating equipment which was a logical step since the company was already supplying fuel oil to homeowners.
Bill Schmidt, a decade younger than Art, joined the business full-time upon returning from his service in the National Guard. Soon after, he launched U.S. Petroleum Equipment from the trunk of his car and went on to oversee both U.S. Lubricants and the truck garage. U.S. Petroleum Equipment was sold in 2023.
The company’s first terminal was purchased in Two Rivers, Wisconsin.
The company rebranded to U.S. Oil to establish a stronger national presence.
The bulk motor oil division was established (which was later rebranded as U.S. Lubricants).
Schmidt Plumbing started.
Art and Tom Schmidt traveled to Saudi Arabia to meet with King Faisal, explaining how the oil embargo threatened their business. Upon returning, Art approached major oil companies to trade fuel. This bold move caused sales to skyrocket sevenfold and established arbitrage as a core part of U.S. Venture’s business.
U.S. Oil moved three terminal tanks in Green Bay, Wisconsin, to make way for Tower Drive Bridge.
The heating, ventilation, and air conditioning division was rebranded as Design Air to more clearly reflect the services offered. This division was later sold.
The first Express station was opened. These stations were sold throughout the years, with all remaining locations sold in 2015.
As the business continued to thrive, the brothers sought meaningful ways to give back to their community. To honor the values of generosity and compassion instilled by their parents, Albert and Margaret Schmidt, Art, Ray, and Bill established what has since become the U.S. Venture/Schmidt Family Foundation.
In August 1986, Bill Schmidt founded the U.S. Venture Open, an annual golf outing that, since its inception, has raised millions of dollars to help those in need.
The company’s inaugural Board of Advisors, now operating as the Board of Directors, was established. It brought together family members and accomplished local business owners to guide and support the company’s growth.
Tom Schmidt became the CEO.
U.S. Oil purchased a group of Mobil and bp sites, propelling its branded dealer business across Northeast Wisconsin.
Arnold Muffler, Inc. was acquired, supporting exhaust, brakes, and suspension services.
Jim Schmidt purchased the plumbing division as a separate entity.
U.S. Oil acquired one of its earliest bp terminals in Green Bay, marking the beginning of a thriving partnership and a shared commitment to growth that has spanned decades.
John Schmidt became the CEO after Tom’s retirement and transition to Chairman of the Board.
Pam Oil, Inc. was a Valvoline and lubricants distributor, paving the way for U.S. AutoForce and U.S. Lubricants to expand into brakes, exhaust, shocks, and tires throughout the mountain states. Additionally, by introducing these product lines to new geographical markets, the company broadened its reach further into parts distribution, strengthening its presence in the western region.
U.S. AutoForce began expanding significantly through strategic acquisitions, including Schierl Tire, Inc., Heartland Tire, TK Distributors, and Waukegan Tire (2012). These acquisitions grew U.S. AutoForce’s footprint throughout the United States.
The Cheboygan Terminal was purchased from bp, continuing expansion into Michigan in addition to catapulting U.S. Oil’s barge business.
This year marked the beginning of the U.S. Gain division.
When the company was renamed U.S. Venture, its headquarters moved to 425 Better Way in Appleton. The old building was donated to the Kimberly school system.
The acquisition of Saracen Energy Partners marked a pivotal moment for U.S. Oil, representing the company’s largest transaction at the time and continued success within the energy trading market. This acquisition also expanded U.S. Oil’s presence nationally and established its first Houston office, unlocking growth opportunities and welcoming new talent. This milestone set a new standard for operations, positioning U.S. Oil as a key player in the evolving energy sector.
U.S. Oil went through rapid expansion on its branded/retail business with the acquisition of Trueblood Oil Jobbership, Draeger Oil Jobbership, Combined Oil (2013), and SEE USA (2013).
U.S. AutoForce continued its rapid multi-year expansion through acquisitions with Foree Tire, Shumaker Tire, Inc., Schiebout Tire, and Shore Tire (2014). These additions multiplied U.S. AutoForce’s footprint, broadened its brand offerings, and deepened its partnerships across the country.
The Noble Terminal acquisition included six terminals (Bettendorf, Iowa; Fort Worth, Texas; Houston, Texas; Green Bay, Wisconsin; Rogers City, Michigan; Bryan, Texas), and was U.S. Oil’s first time focusing outside of the Midwest and into Texas.
U.S. Oil expanded its operations by acquiring NuStar (Indianapolis) and Marathon (Milwaukee) terminals. These strategic acquisitions marked its entry into Indiana and supported the continued growth of its branded business presence in the region.
U.S. AutoForce made its first move into Florida and the southeast through the purchase of South Dade Automotive which included four new locations in Florida.
U.S. Venture acquired IGEN®, an excise tax software company designed to streamline tax filing in the motor fuel and tobacco industries. This allowed U.S. Venture to branch into a new software.
Through the Premier Tire acquisition, U.S. AutoForce continued to scale at a rapid pace with the addition of its Denver location and additional market share in the west.
U.S. AutoForce made its first acquisition into Texas by acquiring Wellborn Tire and its five distribution centers located throughout the major metro areas.
Art, Ray, and Bill Schmidt were inducted into the Wisconsin Business Hall of Fame.
The acquisition of Tire’s Warehouse marked a major milestone in U.S. AutoForce’s growth, paving the way for further expansion across California, Las Vegas, and Arizona. By adding eight new warehouses to its operations on the West Coast, U.S. AutoForce strengthened its national footprint and opened the doors to exciting new partnerships with leading tire brands. This strategic move reflected U.S. Venture’s ongoing commitment to broadening its reach and delivering exceptional value to its partners and customers.
Premium Oil Company was U.S. Lubricants’ first venture into water-based metalworking manufacturing that expanded its overall territory throughout Illinois.
The acquisition of Breakthrough® launched U.S. Venture into the world of innovative transportation and supply chain strategies for the world’s leading shippers.
U.S. Venture expanded its operations in 2018 with the acquisition of its second barge, Albert & Margaret, named after the founder’s parents. This milestone enhanced the company’s ability to transport products across the Great Lakes.
U.S. Oil purchased AOT Energy America’s rack business, based out of Houston, expanding operations in Texas. This purchase was part of U.S. Oil’s strategy to continue to grow as a national supplier of petroleum products and renewable fuels.
The Sassafras acquisition included the purchase of 47 branded contracts, giving U.S. Oil the ability to brand bp in Chicago as well as a group of branded dealers in the Chicago area.
The acquisition of Treadmaxx Tire marked a significant expansion into the southeast as part of U.S. AutoForce’s strategic initiative to establish a stronger national presence. This move included access to major brands and 14 additional locations across the country.
Through the acquisition of Basin Lands, U.S. Venture acquired its first entry into sustainable water solutions. The company’s unique approach is rooted in its access to a differentiated deal pipeline and ability to optimize all components of its assets.
Maxim Petrochemical Corporation was acquired, strengthening U.S. Lubricants’ presence in North Texas. This acquisition not only enhanced service capabilities but also expanded the company’s expertise and capacity in metalworking.
The Chevron Fort Worth South Terminal was purchased, marking a major step in U.S. Oil’s expansion efforts in Texas.
Immediately following the Treadmaxx acquisition, U.S. AutoForce added Max Finkelstein, Inc. to its growing portfolio, accelerating its reach into the northeast. This acquisition brought additional brands as well as 15 warehouses. Together, these two acquisitions transformed U.S. AutoForce into a leading national distributor and trusted strategic partner throughout the United States.
U.S. Oil achieved a significant milestone by constructing its first greenfield terminal in Melissa, Texas. This project marked the first terminal built from scratch in over a decade, showcasing a commitment to innovation and growth. The Melissa Terminal enhanced U.S. Oil’s infrastructure and expanded its capabilities to better serve the southern United States.
U.S. Oil expanded its operations on the East Coast with five new locations in South Carolina and Alabama.
The bp blending facility acquisition in Baltimore allowed U.S. Lubricants to expand into the mid-major market with the scaling capabilities of a major lubricant provider while still retaining its family-owned values of placing its customers first.
U.S. Oil and U.S. Gain combined to form U.S. Energy®.
U.S. AutoForce acquired Pacific Tire Distributors in Portland, Oregon, adding four locations in the Pacific Northwest.
Eric Kessenich became the CEO of U.S. Venture. John Schmidt retired as CEO, transitioning to Chairman of the Board. Tom Schmidt retired from Chairman of the Board after a memorable 53 years (longest tenured team member) with the company.
U.S. AutoForce successfully implemented D365 enterprise resource planning (ERP) to unify its operations. This integration marked a significant milestone, streamlining processes across the organization and consolidating all acquired companies onto a single, cohesive system.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/businesses/us-energy/

U.S. Energy®
Energy the way you need it.
U.S. Energy is a vertically integrated solutions provider proficient in refined products, alternative fuels, and environmental credits.
Our Energy Impact
Seeking tailored and reliable energy solutions? Benefit from our involvement across all stages of the energy supply chain.
Our Portfolio
Refined Products
Gasoline, Diesel, Distillates, and Natural Gas Liquids
Alternative Fuels
Renewable Natural Gas, Electric Charging, Renewable Diesel, Biodiesel, and Ethanol
Credits
Carbon Credits, Renewable Energy Credits (RECs), and Clean Fuel Credits (RINs, LCFS, CFP)
What We Do
Upstream
We’re Project Developers: Expanding access to alternative fuels and environmental credits through investment and offtake agreements.
Midstream
We’re Energy Distributors: Transforming market volatility into supply opportunities, ensuring product, where and when you need it.
Downstream
We’re Energy Marketers: Streamlining your fuel, energy, and environmental credit procurement.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/businesses/us-autoforce/

U.S. AutoForce
Your Power To Win.®
U.S. AutoForce is a leader in the distribution of tires, parts, and lubricants in the U.S. automotive aftermarket.
U.S. AutoForce at a Glance
U.S. AutoForce brings 70+ years of experience as an industry leader in the distribution of tires, undercar parts, and lubricants to independent tire retailers, auto repair shops, and automotive dealerships.
warehouses throughout the United States
states where we serve consumer, commercial, and agricultural markets
brands
What We Do
Comprehensive Inventory
Established relationships with all major tire manufacturers to bring top tire and parts brands to our customers dedicated to operational innovation and best-in-class service.
Programs and Promotions
Designed specifically to grow automotive businesses with value-added programs and promotions geared to bring more customers to our customers.
Nationwide Distribution
Strategically placed distribution centers ensure products arrive when our customers need them.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/businesses/us-lubricants/

U.S. Lubricants
Trusted Partner. Fluid Solutions.
U.S. Lubricants is a manufacturer and distributor of lubricant products and other fluid solutions throughout the United States.
U.S. Lubricants at a Glance
Serving a variety of industries, U.S. Lubricants offers the expertise and fluid solutions needed to optimize performance – whether it be for your own vehicles or equipment, or those of your customers.
Our Portfolio
Comprehensive Offering
We offer a complete selection of lubricants and fluids ranging from major brands to our own preferred THRIVE® brand, servicing customers across automotive, manufacturing and heavy-duty industries.
Commitment to Quality
We are committed to the highest standards of quality and service, as evidenced by our ISO 9001:2015 Certification and state-of-the-art blending facilities.
Full-Scale Technical Support
We provide tailored solutions to our customers through the support of our consultative sales team, certified lubrication specialists, and inventory tank monitors to manage customer’s on-site bulk fluids. Comprehensive oil analysis services are available through our OilChek® Lab.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/businesses/breakthrough/

Breakthrough®
Sustainable Fuel and Freight Solutions for Shippers
Breakthrough is a strategic transportation partner empowering shippers with data, technology, and market knowledge to reduce cost, create fair partnerships, and improve transportation network efficiency and sustainability.
Breakthrough at a Glance
A partnership with Breakthrough gives you insight into one of the cleanest and most robust sets of transportation data in the United States. On an annual basis, Breakthrough manages:
Our Portfolio
Energy
Fuel is the most volatile cost in a shipper’s transportation spend. We offer fuel management solutions that reduce costs and create budget certainty.
Freight
Transportation networks are constantly evolving. We offer freight solutions that uncover opportunities for cost reduction, efficiency gains, and streamlined operations.
Sustainability
Scope 3 transportation emissions represent a significant portion of a company’s carbon footprint. We offer a solution that truly moves the needle on corporate sustainability goals.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/businesses/igen/

IGEN®
Capitalize On Your Compliance®
IGEN supports your business through every stage of the tax compliance lifecycle, so you can focus on what matters most.
IGEN at a Glance
Every company we serve is unique, and that’s why we are, too. Ready to think differently about managing tax compliance? Start with the only tax compliance platform that’s built around a data engine.
Built by Tax Experts, for Tax Experts
Accuracy
We know it’s critical to get it right every time. We give you the precise information and tools you need to stay compliant and autonomously manage your organization’s data.
Efficiency
We empower you to do more with less. Our comprehensive workflow management reduces the heavy lifting so your team of experts can get back to what they were meant to do.
Speed
We recognize that time is money. We provide a proven accelerated onboarding experience with accurate timelines so you can quickly improve your processes and maximize results.
Insights
We are built with transparency in mind. Our powerful platform gives you the clarity you need to move beyond the minutia and make more strategic decisions for your business.
Expertise
We know compliance and we know technology. Our team of subject matter experts leverages their knowledge and experience to guide and support you every step of the way.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/our-commitment/

Our Commitment
A Better Path to Sustainability
At U.S. Venture, sustainability is more than a goal—it’s our unwavering commitment as responsible global citizens. We’re focused on reducing our carbon footprint, conserving vital natural resources, and creating a healthier, more sustainable future.
Core Sustainability Principles
Driving Innovation for Lasting Impact
We innovate relentlessly, improving internal operations and delivering sustainable, forward-thinking solutions that empower our customers and partners to thrive.
Fostering Sustainability Within our Culture
We provide our team members with the resources and tools they need to continue improving sustainable practices that support their personal and professional lives.
Building Stronger Communities
We cultivate a caring culture, promoting initiatives that improve quality of life in the communities we serve.
Investing in a Clean Energy Future
We actively support global decarbonization and champion innovative steps toward a climate-positive world.
Protecting and Conserving Resources
From minimizing waste to conserving resources, we operate with stewardship at the heart of our practices.
Together, we’re not only imagining a better future—we’re taking action to create one.
Discover the steps we’re taking to build a greener future. Our sustainability report highlights our initiatives in environmental stewardship, social responsibility, and ethical governance. See how we’re making progress toward meaningful change. Want to learn more about our commitment?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/product-offerings/

Product Offerings
Carbon Reduction Solutions for Logistics and Operations
Our solutions reduce emissions in the logistics sector with a combination of actionable intelligence, fossil fuel alternatives, and options for indirect mitigation.
A Better Path to Sustainability
At U.S. Venture, sustainability is more than a goal—it’s our unwavering commitment as responsible global citizens. We’re focused on reducing our carbon footprint, conserving vital natural resources, and creating a healthier, more sustainable future.
Cleanmile
CleanMile is an end-to-end emissions management solution that enables shippers to make real progress toward Scope 1 and 3 transportation emissions.
Alternative Fuels
We offer a suite of sustainable fueling solutions, inclusive of renewable natural gas, electric charging, and biofuels (like renewable diesel, biodiesel, and ethanol).
Carbon Credits
Carbon credits are a credit-based solution that targets and reduces Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions from owned or outsourced operations.
Renewable Energy Credits (RECs)
Our credit-based solution to solve for indirect emissions—especially those from purchased electricity.
RENEWABLE THERMAL ENERGY
We address carbon emissions within operations by sourcing renewable natural gas for current facility thermal needs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://careers.usventure.com/us/en

Stay up to date on U.S. Venture news and be first in line for new job opportunities.
Make your mark.
WHY U.S. VENTURE?
We wholeheartedly believe you deserve to work for a company that celebrates your talent & advances your career while supporting you through whatever life brings your way.
Meta card 1
DE&I
U.S. Venture is rooted in its commitment to being a people-first culture. We’re an organization committed to intentionally fostering an inclusive environment where diversity of experience drives innovative thinking that accelerates our success and helps improve the world. We strive to create an inclusive environment where team members can be themselves regardless of their background, identity, or abilities they hold.
Meta card 2
Benefits & Perks
Benefits on day 1. Taking care of our team members doesn't stop at the end of the workday. Our benefits go beyond the paycheck.
Meta card 3
Learning & Development
As a learning organization, U.S. Venture values and encourages team member growth, providing access to classes, tools, support, and professional development opportunities. We provide guidance with personal development planning, Coursera courses, career path opportunities, and more to enable your growth and success to help Make Your Mark as a U.S. Venture team member.
Meta card 4
Culture
Our success is our people. We live for the pursuit of bold ideas, making a positive impact, and achieving our full potential. Our four differentiating values are at the heart of our company culture, which drives our company purpose — Finding a Better Way.
Your engaging footer subtitle goes here
U.S. Venture is Great Place to Work® Certified
We've been recognized as a top organization for the positive culture and team member experience we've built and grown over time. Our goal is to always evolve our culture into something even greater, and being recognized as a Great Place to Work® further differentiates us as a top employer of choice across the country.
A sense of mutual respect and mindfulness permeates our culture-in fact, it’s the key to our success.
Share Your Feedback
Your insights help us improve.
Review us on Glassdoor, Indeed, or Google.
Review us on Glassdoor, Indeed, or Google.
A sense of mutual respect and mindfulness permeates our culture-in fact, it’s the key to our success.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/about-us/company-culture/

Culture
Finding a Better Way
Our purpose – Finding a Better Way. It fuels us to make every interaction count—whether that’s teaming up with our communities, innovating boldly, or showing up for each other. We’re not afraid to push the boundaries, roll up our sleeves, and get creative to make big things happen. We are one company, multiple divisions, and thousands of passionate individuals brought together by one shared purpose.
Purpose Guides Us, Values Ground Us
Values are the heartbeat of who we are. They’re how we work, connect, and grow. They’ve helped us build a proud legacy and keep us moving forward with purpose.
Our Differentiating Values
Since day one, forward thinking and a drive for excellence have defined us. We’re proud of where we’ve been and even more excited about what’s next. Together, we’re building a brighter, more connected future—one step, one idea, one partnership at a time.
Caring Relationships
We encourage our team members to foster fun, friendship, and compassion in all aspects of the job — with one another, our customers, our vendors, and our community partners. We approach relationships with inclusion, compassion, curiosity, and humility to become our best authentic selves.
Entrepreneurial Spirit
We lead by taking smart risks, cultivating ideas, and pushing boundaries to drive change. We inspire our team members to think like business owners, embrace innovation, and believe they can make things better.
Strategic Foresight
We ask our team members to broaden our perspectives, asking “why” and “when” to help us visualize a future-focused roadmap for our success.
High Performance
We foster a trusting culture to empower our team members to think big – driving operational excellence into all aspects of our organization.
We Love Our Work (and You Will, Too!)
At U.S. Venture, we think of our values as the heartbeat of who we are. They’re how we work, connect, and grow. These values have helped us build a legacy we’re proud of, one that keeps us moving forward with purpose.
Teamwork Is Core to Our Culture
Our culture is built on community, collaboration, and learning, with events and recognition that celebrate your contributions and successes. We are a learning organization, offering opportunities to grow and evolve as you take on new challenges. When you join U.S. Venture, you become part of a community.
Powered by People. Strengthened in Unity.
At U.S. Venture, our people are our greatest strength — and when they come together around shared identities, experiences, and passions, incredible things happen.
Ready to Make Your Mark with Us?
Join a culture that values team members, embraces innovation, and encourages bold thinking. Are you ready to make an impact? Discover your next opportunity today.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://careers.usventure.com/us/en/interns-new-graduates

We have a spot for you at U.S. Venture!
We are excited to share more about the opportunities we have for you to grow, gain new skillsets, and reach both personal and professional goals. You'll be challenged with real-world experiences and form connections with team members throughout our organization, including senior leadership. Learn more about our internship program, new graduate opportunities, and see how our people-first culture makes U.S. Venture a Great Place to Work™!
We are excited to share more about the opportunities we have for you to grow, gain new skillsets, and reach both personal and professional goals. You'll be challenged with real-world experiences and form connections with team members throughout our organization, including senior leadership. Learn more about our internship program, new graduate opportunities, and see how our people-first culture makes U.S. Venture a Great Place to Work™!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://careers.usventure.com/us/en/search-results

No results for
"${pageStateData.searchKeyword}"
No results for
"${pageStateData.placeVal}"
Would you like to consider the job categories below?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/community-impact/

Community Impact
Making A Difference Together
At U.S. Venture, giving back isn’t just something we do—it’s part of who we are. For us, it’s about more than philanthropy; it’s about making a connection with what matters to you. Whether you’re a team member, future team member, or part of our broader community, we care about the causes that are close to your heart and the impact we can create together.
OUR PROGRAMS
Caring for What Matters to You
What does giving back mean to you? At U.S. Venture, it’s about supporting what you care about. We’re committed to empowering our team members to make a difference in the communities where we all live, work, and play. Together, we create meaningful change and celebrate the causes that inspire us all.
Volunteering and Donation Matching
We’re here to amplify our team member’s passion for giving back! U.S. Venture matches up to $1,000 annually through a combination of volunteer hours and donations. Whether it’s your local shelter, a community initiative, or a cause close to your heart, we’re invested in making your support go further.
Volunteer Paid Time Off
Your time matters—and so do the causes you love. That’s why every team member gets eight hours of volunteer paid time off each year, PLUS $25 per volunteer hour (up to $1,000 annually). Contribute to the organizations that speak to you most, and we’ll help you make an even bigger impact.
U.S. Venture Associates Caring Together Fund, Inc. (ACT)
Because life happens, and no one should face tough times alone. Through our ACT Fund, funded by team members, we’re able to support fellow team members and their families during personal hardships. When you need help, we stand by you—stronger together.
Scholarship Program
Dream big—and help the next generation do the same. Each year, U.S. Venture awards up to $50,000 in scholarships to support the college dreams of team members’ children, with each recipient receiving $1,000.
At U.S. Venture, we care about what you care about.
It’s more than just work—it’s about building a community and driving meaningful impact. Join us and experience the difference we can make, together.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/us-venture-schmidt-family-foundation/

U.S. Venture/Schmidt Family Foundation
About the U.S. Venture/Schmidt Family Foundation
The U.S. Venture/Schmidt Family Foundation (USV/SFF) is dedicated to driving meaningful change by supporting self-sufficiency, community enrichment, and vulnerable populations. Backed by funding from an endowment and a percentage of net profits each year, the Foundation awarded over $4.31 million last year to initiatives that align with its mission.
Driven by Compassion, Focused on Impact
Our foundation is committed to making a lasting impact in every city where we do business.
The U.S. Venture/Schmidt Family Foundation focuses on strategic investments and partnerships including:
- Team member and shareholder engagement
- Self-sufficiency
- Community enrichment
- Well-being of vulnerable populations
More than $6 million annually investing in nonprofits.
Program Grants and Sponsorships
Community Engagement Committee
The CEC is a dedicated sub-committee of the U.S. Venture/Schmidt Family Foundation (USV/SFF). Made up of passionate team members and shareholders, the CEC awards up to $35,000 to amplify the positive impact of U.S. Venture’s support in the community.
Starting in 2026, there is a new process to apply for sponsorships. Please click below to learn more.
Program Grants Overview
The U.S. Venture/Schmidt Family Foundation (USV/SFF) awards grants to empower disadvantaged communities, enhance quality of life, and foster stronger, more connected communities.
The current grant cycle is now closed. The new grant cycle will officially begin on March 16, 2026. If you have any questions, please reach out to [email protected]
The current grant cycle is now closed. The new grant cycle will officially begin on March 16, 2026. If you have any questions, please reach out to [email protected]
Foundation History
Established in 1985 by Art, Ray, and Bill Schmidt, the Foundation honors the legacy of their parents, Albert and Margaret Schmidt, whose core values of generosity and compassion guide its work today.
What started as a tribute to the Schmidt family’s commitment to community has grown into a hybrid corporate/family foundation. The board of directors includes U.S. Venture team members alongside descendants of Albert and Margaret, ensuring their values remain central to the Foundation’s work. These values—volunteerism, extending a hand to those in need, fostering a sense of community, and supporting strong families—continue to inspire every initiative we support.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/vicodec/

Kenya Partnerships
Our Work in Kenya
More than half of Kenyan school-aged children face significant barriers to accessing basic education due to poverty-related challenges, such as the cost of school fees and uniforms. To address these issues, U.S. Venture and the U.S. Venture/Schmidt Family Foundation collaborate with VICODEC, a school located in Nairobi’s slums, to provide essential services like quality education, nutritious meals, and social support. Together, they are fostering opportunities for lasting change.
Together, We Can
Through sponsorship programs and dedicated funding, VICODEC has become a thriving environment where Kenyan students can flourish. This impact is amplified by a partnership with Kenya Works, a U.S.-based nonprofit operating a child protection center and community development hub near VICODEC. Together, these organizations deliver critical solutions such as feeding programs, shelter, menstrual health initiatives, educational support, and human rights advocacy across Kenya. This powerful collaboration is driving measurable change, improving the lives of Kenyan children and building stronger, healthier communities.
Join Us
When you get involved, you become a part of this incredible transformation—shifting not just one child’s life, but entire communities for generations to come.
Connecting Communities Through Program Support
Team Member Trips
To deepen the connection between U.S. Venture and our partners in Kenya, we invite team members to experience the impact firsthand. Participants engage in meaningful cultural exchanges—serving meals, visiting the shelter, playing with schoolchildren, sharing music and dance, and exploring local programs in action.
Makini Pad Initiative
The Kenya Works Makini Pad Initiative provides eco-friendly, reusable sanitary pads made from high-performance fabric that’s both discreet and reliable. Along with offering pads, the program empowers girls with education on puberty, self-esteem, and health. Made locally at Kenya’s VICODEC, the pads not only improve daily life and the ability to stay in school for these young women but also create sustainable income for the women behind their production.
Feeding Programs
Education is a powerful tool in the fight against poverty, and school feeding programs play a vital role in encouraging parents to send their children to school. This ultimately strengthens children’s connection to their school, and fuel better learning through nutritious meals.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/contact-us/

We welcome the opportunity to talk with you about our businesses, philanthropic endeavors or current issues in the energy industry.
"*" indicates required fields
Δ

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/purchasing-terms-and-conditions/

Purchasing Terms and Conditions
COMPLETE AGREEMENT: This Purchase Order is for the purchase, manufacture and/or delivery of the materials and/or services listed on the front side of this Purchase Order (“Products”); and this Purchase Order, and these General Terms & Conditions, (collectively, “PO’) constitutes the sole and entire agreement between the parties hereto. No other terms or conditions shall be binding upon Buyer unless accepted by it in writing. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the parties have agreed to Master Agreement terms, any conflicting term or condition in that Master Agreement shall supersede these Terms and Conditions.
ACCEPTANCE: Seller shall cause a copy of this PO to be signed and returned immediately upon acceptance of its terms and conditions. Seller agrees that Buyer may withhold all or part of any payments due hereunder until a signed receipt of this PO is received by Buyer. Should Seller fail to return a signed copy of this PO to Buyer but proceed to supply any Products, Seller shall be deemed to accept the terms and conditions of this PO. Further, Seller shall provide a waiver of lien if requested by Buyer prior to final payment.
PRICE: Seller warrants that the prices provided on this PO comply with applicable law and are as low as any net price now given by Seller to any other customer for like material, quantity and services, and agrees that if at any time during the pendency of this PO, lower net prices are quoted anyone for similar materials or services, such lower prices shall be from that time substituted for the prices contained in this PO.
PACKING AND SHIPMENT: Deliveries shall be made as specified without charge for boxing, crating, or storage, unless otherwise specified. Products shall be suitably packed to secure lowest transportation costs and to conform to the requirements of common carriers and any applicable specifications. Buyer’s order numbers and symbols must be plainly marked on all invoices, packages, bills of lading and shipping orders. Bills of lading shall accompany each invoice. Buyer’s count or weight shall be final and conclusive on shipments not accompanied by packing lists.
DELIVERY. TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE FOR THIS PURCHASE ORDER. Delivery shall be F.O.B. place of delivery as provided in this PO and risk of loss shall remain with Seller until the Products in a completed state are received by Buyer regardless of whether or not Buyer has made full payment for the Products. Delivery shall be strictly in accordance with the delivery schedule as provided in this PO. If Seller’s deliveries fail to meet such schedule, Buyer, without limiting its other remedies, may direct expedited shipping and the difference between the expedited shipping and the PO shipping costs shall be paid by Seller. Buyer may delay delivery and/or acceptance for causes arising beyond its control.
WARRANTIES: Seller warrants: (a) that the Products covered by this PO shall conform to the specifications, drawings, samples, or other descriptions furnished or specified by Buyer and will be merchantable, of good quality and workmanship, free from defects in material, design and workmanship, and fit for the purpose intended; (b) that all services covered by this PO shall be furnished by qualified personnel in a professional and workmanlike manner in accordance with accepted industry standards and practices; and, (c) that neither any of the Products provided to Buyer nor their manufacture, fabrication, construction, transportation or use shall violate or cause Buyer to be in violation of any federal, state or local law, code, ordinance, regulation, standard, rule, requirement or order. Seller agrees that these warranties shall survive acceptance of the Products and shall be in addition to any warranties of additional scope given to Buyer by Seller, or provided at law or equity.
DRAWINGS AND SPECIFICATIONS: Data, specifications and drawings supplied to Seller under this PO are the property of Buyer and must be returned to Buyer upon completion of this PO. Such data, specifications and drawings are to be used solely in the performance of this PO by Seller and shall not be used or disclosed for any other purpose whatsoever. Buyer shall retain title to all such data, specifications and drawings.
INSPECTION: All Products shall be received subject to Buyer’s inspection. Buyer shall have the right at any time to reject any Products which do not conform to all specifications, terms and conditions of this PO and correct the same at Seller’s expense. Rejected Products may be returned to Seller at Seller’s risk and expense.
Upon notice, Buyer may make inspection visit(s) at the site where the goods are being designed or manufactured or services performed. Upon request, Seller shall provide Buyer with written or verbal reports relating to the status of its performance hereunder. Neither any inspection, testing, delivery nor payment for the goods and services delivered hereunder shall constitute acceptance thereof. Buyer may reject any goods or services which are in Buyer’s judgment defective or nonconforming. Goods rejected or those which are supplied in excess of quantities called for herein may be returned to Seller at its expense. In addition, Buyer may charge Seller all expenses of unpacking, examining, repacking and reshipping such goods. In the event Buyer receives goods or services whose defects or nonconformity are not apparent on examination, Buyer reserves the right to require replacement, as well as payment of damages. Nothing in this Order shall relieve the Seller from the obligations of testing, inspection and/or quality control.
INDEMNITY: Seller agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Buyer, its agents, employees, representatives, customers, insurers, and those acting for or on Buyer’s behalf from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, expenses, or liabilities of any kind, including court costs and attorneys’ fees, arising out of, resulting from or in any way, directly or indirectly, connected with (a) the performance or nonperformance of this PO by Seller; (b) the sale, use, design, preparation, manufacture, fabrication, construction, completion, transportation, delivery, failure to deliver, and/or installation of the Products; or (c) any breach or alleged breach of any of Seller’s agreements or representations and warranties herein. Seller, in any indemnification claim hereunder, hereby expressly and without reservation waives any defense or immunity it may have under any applicable Workers’ Compensation laws or any other statute or judicial decision, disallowing or limiting such indemnification where an employee of Seller makes a claim against any indemnitee herein, and Seller consents to a cause of action for indemnity. Seller shall also indemnify and hold harmless Buyer from any and all claims for infringement of any patent, copyright or trademark by reason of the design, manufacture, purchase, use or sale of the Products and shall indemnify Buyer for all costs, expenses, judgments, liability and damages, including attorneys’ fees, which Buyer may incur or have rendered against it by reason of any alleged infringement.
CHANGES: Buyer reserves the right to change specifications, drawings or quantities, of the Products or services covered by this PO, subject to equitable adjustment for any necessary differences in price or time of delivery.
PROPRIETARY INFORMATION: Confidentiality – Advertising: Unless specifically and comprehensively covered by the confidentiality, nondisclosure and non-use provisions of another document signed by Buyer and Seller, (a) all information furnished by Buyer or any other person acting on behalf of Buyer and all information learned or observed about Buyer or its operations through performing this Order is confidential and Seller shall not disclose any such information to any other person, or use such information for any purpose other than performing this Order without Buyer’s express written consent and (b) all information in tangible form, including drawings, samples, models, specifications, or other documents provided by Buyer or prepared by Seller for Buyer shall be returned to Buyer promptly upon request. Seller shall not publicize the fact that Buyer has contracted to purchase goods or services from Seller, nor shall any information relating to this Order be disclosed without Buyer’s written consent.
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, no information disclosed by Seller to Buyer shall be deemed confidential and Seller shell have no rights against Buyer with respect to Buyer’s use thereof.
ASSIGNMENTS AND SUBCONTRACTING: Seller may not subcontract any part of this Order beyond that customary in the conduct of its business without Buyer’s prior written consent. Seller may not assign this Order or amounts due hereunder without Buyer’s written consent.
WAIVER: Buyer’s failure to insist on performance of any of the terms of this Order, its failure to exercise any right or privilege or its waiver of any breach hereunder shall not effect a waiver of any other right or privilege, whether of the same or similar type.
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT/NON-DISCRIMINATION. Seller shall not engage in any conduct or practice which violates any applicable law, order, or regulation prohibiting discrimination against any person by reason of his or her race, color, religion, national origin, sex or age. Seller shall comply with the requirements of Section 202 of Executive Order 11246, entitled “Equal Employment Opportunity,” and the regulations promulgated thereunder by the Federal Contract Compliance Office of the Department of Labor, including 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a), and all other government agencies authorized to issue regulations under Executive Order 11246, the Civil Rights Act and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act. These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or disability.
WORK ON BUYER’S PREMISES: Before Seller provides any services or work on Buyer’s premises, Seller will examine the premises and any specifications or other documents furnished in connection with the Products and satisfy itself as to the condition of the premises and site. No allowance shall be made in respect of any error as to any of the foregoing on the part of Seller. Seller shall at all times keep the premises free from accumulations of waste material or rubbish. At the completion of installation of the Products, Seller shall leave the premises in broom-clean condition. Seller assumes all risks and shall indemnify and hold Buyer and its employees harmless from and against all damages, claims, suits or liabilities arising out of, or in any way connected with damages to vehicles or other personal property of Seller, its employees and subcontractors caused by accidents or occurrences on Buyer’s premises.
INSURANCE: Seller shall take out and maintain with a carrier or carriers having a Best rating of not less than B+ at least the following minimum insurance at its expense for the duration of this PO: (a) Workers’ Compensations Coverage shall be in compliance with applicable state and federal laws, and Employer’s Liability Insurance with a limit of at least $100,000; (b) Comprehensive General Liability Insurance (“CGL”) with limits of not less than $5,000,000 combined single limits per occurrence, which insurance will include Blanket Contractual and Pollution coverage; (c) Automotive Liability Insurance (“AUTO”) with limits of not less than $5,000,000 combined single limits per occurrence, which insurance will be in effect for all owned/non-owned/hired vehicles of Seller; and (d), if Products include professional services, Professional Errors and Omissions with limits of not less than $5,000,000 claims made. Insurance coverages described in (b) and (c) may be achieved through a combination of CGL and umbrella policies and AUTO and umbrella policies, respectively, that yield limits of not less than $5,000,000 per occurrence and $5,000,000 general aggregate for each. Buyer will be added in insurance coverages described in (b) and (c) as an Additional Insured. None of the above insurance coverages shall be cancelable or materially modified except upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Buyer. All policies shall (a) provide a waiver of subrogation in favor of Buyer, its affiliates and subsidiaries. Seller will provide to Buyer in advance of payment, upon Buyer’s request the certificates of insurance evidencing the above described coverages.
LIENS: Seller agrees that it shall not file any liens as a result of producing goods or services hereunder and that it shall not permit its subcontractors or other suppliers from filing such liens. Upon request, Seller shall provide Buyer with lien waivers for itself, its subcontractors and other suppliers in a form satisfactory to Buyer, who may withhold any payment otherwise due until it has received reasonable assurances that all of Seller’s obligations respecting the goods or services have been paid. If a lien is filed, Seller shall cooperate fully with Buyer, at Seller’s expense, nor cause the lien to be removed.
STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS: All rights of Seller to commence any court action or proceeding with respect to this Order shall terminate one (1) year after the cause of action has accrued.
LANGUAGE: The parties have requested than this Agreement and all Documents, communications and documents relating thereto be expressed in the English language. Les parties ont exigé que la présente convention et tous les documents, les communications et les documents qui s’y rapportent soient exprimés dans la langue anglaise.
TERMINATION: Buyer may, at any time, terminate, suspend, or delay this PO in whole or in part by prior written or email notice to Seller. Immediately after receipt of such notice, Seller shall stop all performance hereunder except as may otherwise be directed by Buyer. In the case of termination of this PO, Seller shall transfer to Buyer, in accordance with Buyer’s directions, all materials and all information accumulated, specifically prepared or acquired by Seller for use in relation to the design, development, manufacture, assembly, shipment, installation, operation, maintenance or repair of the Products and all supplies, shop drawings, work in process, equipment, machinery or parts prepared, acquired or used by Seller in connection with such items and for which Seller is to be reimbursed hereunder, and all working drawings, sketches, specifications, and other information accumulate, prepared or acquired by Seller with respect to the Products. Seller shall, if directed by Buyer and to the extent stated in the notice of termination, suspension or delay, make all efforts necessary to preserve the work in progress and to protect the Products whether still at Seller’s manufacturing facilities or in transit to Buyer. If Seller is not then in default in the performance of any of its obligations hereunder, and if Seller has taken reasonable steps to mitigate its damages resulting from such termination, Buyer shall pay to Seller, as Seller’s sole and exclusive remedy for termination under this section, to the extent not already paid to Seller, an amount equal to: (a) reasonable and documented costs incurred by Seller in accordance with this PO prior to Seller’s receipt of notice of termination, plus (b) the reasonable and documented costs and charges incurred by Seller in winding up its activities under this PO prior to the effective termination date, provided, however, that the amounts listed in (a) and (b) of this Section plus prior payments to Seller shall in no event exceed the purchase price provided in this PO.
DEFAULT: If Seller: (a) becomes insolvent, (b) has a petition under any chapter of the bankruptcy laws filed by or against it; (c) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (d) has a receiver requested for or appointed to it; (e) fails to use properly skilled personnel in its performance under this PO; (f) should fail to make prompt payment to any subcontractors it may have or for any material, labor, transportation, supplies, fuel, use of equipment or any other expense it incurs under this PO; or (g) fails to comply with any of its obligations under this PO then Buyer may, at its option either cure the default at Seller’s expense or terminate this PO after first giving Seller three (3) days’ notice to cure such default. Immediately after such termination, Buyer may: (i) take possession of the Products wherever they may be located and in whatever state of completion they may be together with all drawings and other information necessary to enable Buyer to have the Products completed, installed, operated, maintained and/or repaired; (ii) pay to Seller any amount then due under this PO after taking full credit for any offsets to which Buyer may be entitled; (iii) contract with or employ any other party or parties to finish the Products; and (iv) collect from Seller any additional expense, losses or damage which Buyer may suffer.
GENERAL: Assignment of this PO or any interest therein or any payment due or to become due thereunder, without prior written agreement by Buyer shall be void. Buyer shall have the right to assign or transfer any of its rights and/or obligations related to this PO to any person or entity. Any addition or other modification in these terms or in quantities, prices or deliveries which is contained in any acknowledgement, invoice, other form or communication from Seller is hereby objected to and rejected, notwithstanding Buyer’s acceptance of delivery or payment for goods or services. Buyer shall be entitled to set-off any amount owing at any time from Seller to Buyer or any of its affiliated companies against any amount payable at any time by Buyer or any of its affiliated companies to Seller.
All notices and any other communications required or permitted herein shall be in writing and may be sent by facsimile or electronic mail, a nationally recognized overnight courier service, first class mail, or hand delivered to the parties at the locations set forth below. Such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of the delivery thereof to the party receiving such notice.
Seller is acting as an independent contractor, and the manner and means of conducting the work which is a part of the Products will be under Seller’s sole control subject to compliance with all of the terms of this PO and to the continuing right of inspection by Buyer’s representatives.
In the event that any words, phrase, clause, sentence or other provision of this PO shall violate any applicable statute, ordinance or rule of law in any jurisdiction in which it is used, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such violation without invalidating any other provision of this PO.
This Agreement and the performance thereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Wisconsin excluding its principles of conflicts of laws, and the parties hereby irrevocably commit to the jurisdiction and venue of the Wisconsin state court located in Outagamie County, Wisconsin, or the Federal District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin to adjudicate any dispute arising hereunder or relating hereto.
U.S. Venture, Inc. Terms and Conditions 2016

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/cigna-transparency-in-coverage/

Cigna Transparency in Coverage
https://transparency-in-coverage.uhc.com
This link leads to the machine-readable files that are made available in response to the federal Transparency in Coverage Rule and includes negotiated service rates and out-of-network allowed amounts between health plans and healthcare providers. The machine readable files are formatted to allow researchers, regulators, and application developers to more easily access and analyze data.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/titletown-winter-games-set-for-jan-31/

Media Contact
Titletown Winter Games Set for January 31
08-Jan-2026
Media Contact
Presented by U.S. Venture, the event will offer luge, curling, ski jumping, biathlon and figure skating
Titletown will transform into a winter sports wonderland on Jan. 31 when it hosts the seventh annual Titletown Winter Games presented by U.S. Venture.
The free event will offer community members the chance to experience the thrill of luge, curling, ski jumping, biathlon and figure skating ahead of the 2026 Olympic Winter Games in Italy.
Activities will begin with an opening ceremony at noon on Saturday, Jan. 31, and conclude at 7 p.m.
The public is encouraged to bring bike or ski helmets to wear while participating in the sporting activities; additional necessary equipment will be provided. All participants must complete a waiver before beginning activities. Waivers can be completed in advance at this link. More information about the sports featured at the Winter Games is below:
- USA Luge will create a special course on Ariens Hill for the Luge Challenge. Participants will compete in categories (boys, girls, men and women) with a prize awarded to the fastest run in each group. Participants must be at least 9 years old.
- USA Curling will utilize a portion of Hy-Vee Plaza to create an instructional course for participants to learn how to curl. Participants must wear rubber-soled shoes or snow boots to access the ice for curling. This event will also be open to participants using wheelchairs.
- US Biathlon will host an interactive biathlon experience for the public to try the winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and marksmanship. The event will use eye-safe “infrared rifles” to accurately simulate marksmanship and cross-country ski equipment will be available. This event will also be open to participants using wheelchairs.
- USA Nordic Sports will teach the fundamentals of ski jumping on a mini snow-built jump on the Titletown Football Field. All ages and welcome, and skis and helmets will be provided.
- Figure Skating Lessons will be offered to skaters of all ages and skill levels throughout the event. Ice skating admission fees are required to access the rink, and skates are available to rent if needed.
Ariens Hill will be closed for tubing Jan. 30-31 for the event. Hy-Vee Plaza skating hours will be shifted to that of the games and will remain open during normal hours of operation. Admission rates will apply throughout the weekend.
More information about Titletown Winter Games is available at titletown.com/events/titletown-winter-games. Up-to-date information about activities and programming can be found on Titletown’s social media platforms, including Facebook, X and Instagram. Titletown includes TitletownTech, Homefield Pub + Social, Emplify Health by Bellin Titletown Sports Medicine and Orthopedics Clinic, Lodge Kohler, Hinterland Restaurant and Brewery, BelAir Cantina, Packers Athletic Club, Associated Bank and the U.S. Venture Center. For more information, visit titletown.com.
About U.S. Venture:
For over 70 years, U.S. Venture, Inc. Has been recognized as an innovative leader in the distribution of renewable and traditional energy products, lubricants, tires, parts, and using data-driven insights to manage energy and information in the global movement of goods. U.S. Venture delivers creative, sustainable solutions that give their customers a competitive edge, and enable the company to support the communities in which they live, work, and play. Through the values lived by their family of brands, U.S. Energy®, U.S. AutoForce, Breakthrough®, U.S. Lubricants, and IGEN®, U.S. Venture seeks new ways to drive business success while being steadfast in its commitment to making the world a better place. U.S. Venture is a proud sponsor of USA Luge.
# # #
Green Bay Packers Media Contact:
Katie Hermsen
Green Bay Packers
920-569-7218
[email protected]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.usventure.com/u-s-venture-recognized-by-wisconsin-workforce-development-for-veteran-hiring-and-support-for-second-consecutive-year/

Media Contact
U.S. Venture Recognized by Wisconsin Workforce Development for Veteran Hiring and Support for Second Consecutive Year
03-Dec-2025
Media Contact
Appleton, WI – November 3, 2025 – U.S. Venture, Inc., whose vision is to be the very best provider of transportation products, sustainability solutions, and insight driving the world forward, was among 25 employers in Wisconsin to be recognized as a Vets Ready Employer for 2025 by the Wisconsin Department of Workforce Development (DWD). This marks the second consecutive year that U.S. Venture has received this honor, which recognizes Wisconsin employers who employ and retain veterans through their hiring initiatives, employee support services, and community involvement.
Applicants are rated based on criteria including support for veterans in the workplace, such as available resources, training, and work environment; hiring practices to prioritize veteran hires; and efforts to connect to the wider veteran community, including military families, service members, and veterans.
“Being recognized as a Vets Ready Employer for the second year is a testament to our commitment to supporting veterans and fostering a workplace where they can thrive,” said Lori Hoersch, Chief People Officer at U.S. Venture. “This recognition underscores the immense value veterans bring to our organization, and we are proud to stand alongside other Wisconsin organizations that honor and empower those who have selflessly served our country.”
Veterans have selflessly served our country and often encounter challenges when transitioning to sustainable employment. The Vets Ready Employer Initiative inspires organizations to create robust support systems within their workplaces, actively hire and retain veterans, and foster connections with veterans and their families in the community. Employers who go above and beyond in supporting the veteran community recognize the immense value veterans bring to both their businesses and the broader community. U.S. Venture is honored to be counted among these dedicated organizations.
###
ABOUT VETS READY EMPLOYER INITIATIVE
The Vets Ready Employer Initiative encourages employers to build a support system within their workplace, hire and retain more veterans, and connect to veterans in the community and their families. Additional details about the Vets Ready Employer Initiative and how to apply are available online.
About U.S. Venture, Inc.
For over 70 years, U.S. Venture, Inc. has been recognized as an innovative leader in the distribution of renewable and traditional energy products, lubricants, tires, parts, and using data-driven insights to manage energy and information in the global movement of goods. U.S. Venture delivers creative, sustainable solutions that give their customers a competitive edge, and enable the company to support the communities in which they live, work, and play. Through the values lived by their family of brands, U.S. Energy®, U.S. AutoForce, Breakthrough®, U.S. Lubricants, and IGEN®, U.S. Venture seeks new ways to drive business success while being steadfast in its commitment to making the world a better place.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------