ROOT: https://verogy.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:44:45.689665Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 24

================================================================================

URL: https://verogy.com/

Powering Your Future
With a solar project that suits your needs. Let the Verogy team help you plan, build, and manage your solar portfolio, ensuring its continued success.
With a solar project that suits your needs. Let the Verogy team help you plan, build, and manage your solar portfolio, ensuring its continued success.
The following services and solutions are where we shine brightest, helping you implement your project so you can harness solar power’s renewable energy benefits.
From start to finish, Verogy is instrumental in designing, planning, constructing, and making your solar project a reality.
Your solar installation is our business. Let us do the heavy lifting (literally), so you can enjoy the final product worry-free.
The Verogy team are experts at securing capital for your project, as our executive team has experience raising project financing to support solar project development across the country.
When you partner with a commercial solar energy company like Verogy, you gain access to solar industry expertise that will help make your project a success. We are a renewable energy company that wants to build a strong portfolio of solar energy projects for the benefit of our clients and our planet. The vital importance of these solar installation lower your electricity bills and improve your long-term environmental impact.
We work with business owners, landowners, and community leaders to provide energy and money-saving solar solutions.
The experts at Verogy have been developing, financing, installing, and operating commercial and utility scale solar projects since 2011. Altogether, our team members have over 75 years of solar experience. This translates to a solar company that will get to know you, your organization, and the goals for your solar project, while also bringing the same technical expertise, powerhouse design, and finance procedures a larger firm would offer.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/about/

About Verogy
Empower your solar project with a partner you can trust.
Empower your solar project with a partner you can trust.
How can you take advantage of renewable energy resources in a manageable, affordable way? Verogy’s team has the experience to make an affordable renewable energy system a reality for your business.
Solar power is a cleaner, more environmentally sound alternative to fossil fuels, and at Verogy, we work to make clean, renewable energy a reality for our clients. We use our solar engineering expertise and our knowledge of solar project financing to help you use the sun as a renewable energy source that will reduce your carbon footprint and improve your company’s environmental impact. From electricity generation to renewable energy credits, we understand and manage every aspect of the solar development, financing, and maintenance processes. This means we take care of your system for you. We do the work while you reap the benefits of our clean energy systems.
Verogy has a solid portfolio of renewable energy projects. We believe in building trusting relationships with our clients so they allow us to help them access green power. That’s why we hold ourselves to a high renewable portfolio standard: We want the projects we design, build, and maintain to work well for our clients, while also providing environmental benefits to the world around them.
If you want to know how we would develop your solar project, request a proposal from us today. We’ll let you know how we would handle the project, and what types of risks and benefits it involves.
Are you looking for a career in the solar industry? If so, apply with us today. We’re looking for knowledgeable professionals to join our team of solar experts. You’ll gain experience providing solar solutions and services to commercial businesses, municipalities, universities, and real estate owners. Whether you’re a solar technician or you focus on the business side of solar, we want to hear from you and put your talents to good use.
Years in the Industry
With over 50 years of combined experience, we are dedicated members of a growing solar energy community. One of our greatest strengths is our experienced management team. They have a passion for solar energy, innovation, and executing smart, growth-oriented business strategies.
Learn more about what we offer, the areas we serve, and how you can can request our services. You can also check our FAQ page for answers to your solar-related questions.
In an industry as young as ours, it would be hard to find a group of professionals who have worked together as long as we have. The solar market is still new and growing, and when you work with a company to expand your use of renewable energy, you need a partner you can trust. That’s where Verogy comes in.
Are you interested in solar energy? If you have a project in mind, Verogy will originate, design, permit, and cover all steps of the development process so you can enjoy a hands-off experience. Our approach ensures optimal production and financial performance.
Founded in Hartford, CT, Verogy is committed to helping businesses of all sizes and in any industry achieve their renewable energy goals. We serve businesses throughout the United States.
On our FAQs page, we have taken the time to answers the questions we receive most often. Be sure to check there if you have any questions about your solar project. If you don’t find the answer there, feel free to reach out to us for answers.
If you have a project you want us to tackle, request a proposal from us today. We’ll find a way to may your solar plans a reality. Now is the time to invest in solar energy. Renewable energy is a low-risk investment and when you work with Verogy, it really is a win-win proposition.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/about/request-proposal/

If you have a solar project you’d like us to tackle, connect with us today to request a proposal.
124 LaSalle Road, Floor 2 West Hartford, CT 06107
860-288-7215 info@verogy.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/about/faqs/

FAQs
Solar is a young industry, so it’s natural to have questions.
Solar is a young industry, so it’s natural to have questions.
If you don’t see the answer to your question below, give us a call.
The main reason businesses invest in solar energy is it allows them to save money on energy expenses. This means they have more funds to reinvest back into their organizations. It also allows them to lock in energy savings as a hedge against increasing utility costs and makes them future-proof and independent of other costlier forms of energy. Businesses are also global citizens and are becoming more conscious of their energy usage, and by investing in a renewable form of energy like solar, it lowers their carbon footprint and reduces their part in greenhouse gas emissions.
Solar can still be an option. Verogy will work with your landlord to help facilitate a solar installation, even if you don’t own your building.
As of 2019, more than 71.3 gigawatts of solar projects have been installed in the United States.
The cells in a photovoltaic array use photons sent by the sun to create DC energy. It passes through an inverter that converts it to AC energy. This is then either stored in batteries or passed into the energy grid.
Through a PPA or turnkey sale, Verogy can offer a unique product that includes the cost of installing a new roof to your Solar PV installation.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/about/what-we-do/

What We Do
Verogy executes every phase of a solar project’s lifecycle.
Verogy executes every phase of a solar project’s lifecycle.
Our goal: To create, manage, and own the best portfolio in the solar industry. We work to develop, finance, and maintain solar energy projects so our clients can reap the benefits for years to come. If you’re interested in solar energy procurement, we will use our expertise to make your project succeed.
We are experts in marketing solar energy to the most discerning potential clients. Solar is an unknown quantity to many people. Traditional forms of power generation are so prevalent in our society that the mere mention of solar, geothermal, hydroelectric, or wind turbine energy can bring feelings of uncertainty and unreliability.
But the reality couldn’t be further from the truth, especially in the case of solar. The typical solar array is a reliable and clean form of energy production. It requires almost no maintenance and generates no pollution. These aspects of solar have been proven time and time again. The missing piece is finding a trustworthy partner to develop and install the system.
Verogy goes the extra mile with every solar project. We perform extensive upfront financial, technical, and jurisdictional diligence. This results in a solid base from which key decision-makers in a solar project can base sound judgments resulting in firm offers that we proudly stand behind.
Our team has 50-plus years of combined solar expertise. This means we deliver comprehensive solutions for commercial and utility-scale solar projects.
The Verogy team sports a proud resume of professional and efficient production in the solar industry.
From system engineering and design to solar permit services to system commissioning, Verogy is here to bring your solar project plans to life.
Our goal is to retain ownership in each solar project throughout its lifecycle. This creates unparalleled incentive alignment with clients and financiers.
We leverage our expertise in building and owning solar projects to underwrite and ultimately purchase in-construction and operational solar projects. As buyers, we distinguish ourselves with execution speed and availability of capital.
Verogy purchases portfolios of solar power projects from third parties. Our ability to execute transactions quickly and at scale is an enduring source of value for developers.
As we buy, own, build, and develop solar energy systems, we build our portfolio of renewable energy systems. When our portfolio grows, it shows Verogy’s expertise in the solar industry. So as we expand our portfolio, we add to our considerable solar experience so we can help our clients navigate power purchase agreements (PPAs), tax credit programs, and solar design. The more we grow as a company, the more we can help you develop, design, and use your solar energy project.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/about/why-verogy/

Why Verogy?
We conduct business with respect and due diligence up front. We believe in our team and our ability to make your solar project a reality. These values help make us a trusted solar company.
We conduct business with respect and due diligence up front. We believe in our team and our ability to make your solar project a reality. These values help make us a trusted solar company.
When you invest in something new like solar power, the partner you choose is critical.
Maybe you want to save the planet or maybe you need to reduce your energy costs. Whatever your motivation is for your solar energy project, Verogy is a solar developer you can trust to make your project come to life. Trust is very important in our line of work. We are developers in an industry that’s relatively new and without years of analytics. You hire us on the basis of our expertise and trust that we have the knowledge to see the project through with the transparency to work with you throughout the process. This is why we chose the Latin root “vero” when we named our company. Trust is in our name and when you choose us as your solar developer, our pledge is to remain true to your vision, be accountable to you as our client, and see your project to completion.
If you want to know how we’ll handle your commercial solar financing and project design, request a proposal from us today. Learn how a solar industry leader will develop and maintain your renewable energy project.
When you work with Verogy, we provide a unique experience in the solar market. We may have a small core team but in such a unique industry, it would be hard to find a group of individuals as dedicated as ours. Our team has worked together on projects of every scale and scope for many years. And with the Verogy team on your side, rest assured we will be laser-focused on your project and your solar needs.
At Verogy, our team provides the solar energy industry expertise to help you take advantage of this renewable energy resource to power your facility.
A developer’s ability to build a solar project on time and on budget all boils down to money. We understand that one financial tool doesn’t fit all renewable energy projects. The Verogy team are experts at securing capital for your project, as our executive team has experience raising project financing to support solar project development across the country. Our power to raise capital allows you to realize your solar project without having to borrow 100% of the project costs.
Have you considered using solar energy to power your facility or monetize your land? If that’s the case, what’s to stop you from developing that project? When you use the latest solar technologies to power your company, you’ll use energy derived from a natural, renewable energy source that will improve your company’s environmental impact. Unfortunately, these technologies’ newness can be the reason many companies shy away from renewable sources of energy, including solar. When a technology is new, is there any guaranteed ROI once the system is installed?
New solar installers and developers are generally considered riskier investments, which can increase financing costs and the time it takes to complete your project, but not with Verogy. Our team has a combined 50 years of experience in the solar industry. From site inspection and project planning to finance, construction, and commissioning, we’ve handled all aspects of solar project development. We put our clients first; it’s our top priority. An individual or organization dedicated to developing a solar project is also dedicated to promoting a greener existence. One where the power we need to run our daily lives can be created without reliance on limited fossil fuels that can damage the environment. With Verogy, not only do you have our knowledge and expertise, you also have our respect.
Verogy oversees every step of your project financing, solar panel installation, and solar system maintenance. We can determine your system’s solar capacity and how much electricity it should produce to power your facility. Additionally, we work with you if you’re a real estate owner looking to monetize your land by hosting a solar system on it. Whether you want the system to produce electricity for your company or you want to host it on your land, Verogy can work with you. We’ll design the right system for your company and for its location. Then we’ll help you select the right financing option to make your project a reality.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/about/careers/

Careers
Join a small team at the ground level in an industry that’s new, exciting, and growing.
Join a small team at the ground level in an industry that’s new, exciting, and growing.
We are always growing! Inquire below for current openings.
Our dependence on non-renewable fossil fuels has led us to explore renewable energy methods, and chief among them is solar power. Our solar system is blessed with the sun, a natural nuclear reactor that sends energy our way every day. Our job is to provide our clients with high-tech ways to harness that power and convert it into electricity to power their businesses, factories, schools, municipal buildings, and more, at a fraction of the cost if they were to buy it from the utility companies.
Do you want to get in on the ground floor with an emerging technology that will help transform our planet? The work you’ll do for our clients has a higher calling. Growth in the solar field is exponential and businesses everywhere are turning to Verogy to design, build, and manage their commercial solar projects. Besides helping our clients’ bottom lines, you’re helping the planet. The work you do in your solar energy career will contribute to improving the environment and making the world a better place for future generations.
Our company is looking for forward thinking professionals who want to use their talents and energy for a greater calling. We have opportunities in installation and maintenance, design, finance, and project management. Our team is laser-focused on bringing solar energy solutions to our clients. This is your chance to work with the team who founded the company and grow with us. We offer competitive salaries, medical/dental, and retirement benefits.
Oh, and we’re also dog-friendly.
Whether you work with your hands, with numbers, with plans or with people, your talents have a home at Verogy.
Check out our opportunities below. We can’t wait to hear from you.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/about/verogy-team/

Team
The value of an organization lies in its people and its values. Meet the Verogy team and discover the values that drive our business.
The value of an organization lies in its people and its values. Meet the Verogy team and discover the values that drive our business.
Our purpose: to affect positive change through renewable energy. Our team of solar power experts will help you access clean energy through their knowledge of the solar industry.
Nick graduated from the University of Connecticut with a degree in Electrical Engineering. Since joining Verogy as an intern, Nick has moved up to take on full PV design and solar engineer responsibilities. In his free time, he likes to play guitar, go to the gym, hiking, and fishing.
Torre is a Pre-NTP Project Manager at Verogy. Torre has held various roles in the solar industry and is a licensed electrician in the state of Connecticut. Torre is an avid golfer and enjoys spending time outdoors with his wife and his two dogs in his home town of Southington, CT.
John brings 30+ years of electrical & construction experience as an IBEW Local 90 Electrician. Prior to entering the Renewable Energy Industry, John held Project Manager, and Operations Manager roles specializing in the Energy Management/Building Automation field of the electrical/mechanical industry.
Prior to joining Verogy, Erich spent eight years in the Army focusing on military aviation. Erich then started a small construction business, which led him to graduate from the Industrial Management and Training Institute.
Austin is an Associate Construction Manager with several years of hands-on experience in the solar industry. He brings a strong background in renewable energy construction and project coordination. Outside of work, Austin enjoys spending time outdoors—especially fishing and exploring new places through travel.
James is a licensed professional engineer in the State of CT. James lives in Suffield, CT with his wife and two sons. An avid runner & skier, you will often find him at a hockey rink or lacrosse field cheering on his two sons.
Ken has over twenty years of electrical experience and is a licensed electrician in CT and MA. He also holds a NABCEP Installation Professional Certificate. Ken is an outdoors enthusiast and a father of two teenage boys.
Mac joined Verogy after working at multiple law firms specializing in real estate, real estate finance, corporate and environmental work. Mac received his J.D. from the Boston University School of Law and attended Trinity College for his undergraduate degree.
Steve focuses on all aspects of business operations at Verogy. Steven attended East Tennessee State University, holds licenses as a Connecticut electrical contractor, a Massachusetts construction supervisor and is NABCEP certified.
James is responsible for supporting the finance team with all aspects of proposal creation, development and market specific research. James earned his B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Georgia in 2021.
Jenna is a marketing and communications professional with a strong background in brand strategy, digital marketing, and public relations. She holds an MBA from the University of Connecticut and has led successful campaigns across the renewable energy sector.
Bryan has successfully led the development of over 200 megawatts of solar projects through land use approvals in the US. Bryan attended the University of Connecticut and studied Environmental Science & Natural Resources.
Ben graduated from McGill University in Montreal Canada with a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering and a Master of Business Administration. In his free time, he enjoys walking, cycling, skiing and racing cars.
Luke manages the commercial Projects Pipeline and helping to drive strong execution and customer experience. Prior to Verogy, Luke enjoyed 20 years in Wireless Network Development with experiences in Site Acquisition, Development and Construction Management.
Steve holds a B.S. in Business Administration - Accounting. Steve has over 15 years of accounting experience in the renewables industry and is responsible for financial reporting, accounting, tax, audit, tax equity structuring and corporate finance.
Tyler is a Construction Superintendent at Verogy.
Ian is a Civil Engineering Project Manager at Verogy. He graduated from the University of Virginia with a degree in Civil and Environmental Engineering and is a licensed Professional Engineer in NC and NY. In his free time, Ian enjoys running, hiking, and reading.
Zach is a Project Manager, responsible for overseeing the project life cycles. He has been building solar facilities for 12 years in various roles such as an installer, engineer, and estimator. Prior to working in the solar industry, Zach spent nearly a decade in the U.S. Marine Corps and is an OIF/OEF Veteran. In his free time, he enjoys outdoor activities such as fishing and hiking.
Jim has spent over 25 years advising energy clients on corporate finance, capital raising, M&A and board issues. Jim earned an MBA in Finance from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a BS in Finance from the University of Illinois. In addition, he holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.
Will earned his law degree from the University of Connecticut in 2012, and earned a B.A. from Stonehill College. He is bar certified in the State of Connecticut.
Carolyn has enjoyed 17 rewarding years in the solar industry in solar design, installation, maintenance, finance, and manufacturing. Carolyn graduated from Barnard College/Columbia University with a BA in Political Science.
Donna graduated from the University of New Hampshire with a B.A. and did graduate level research at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab designing solar panels that do photosynthesis for the Department of Energy. She has worked in the private industry on solar projects for the last 10 years. In her free time, she enjoys hiking, comedy, and gardening.
Throughout his 13 years in the solar industry, Jesse has worked as a residential installer, foreman, crew lead, safety specialist and most recently senior inspection pipeline manager where he was nationally recognized for his performance.
Shawn is a seasoned leader with over 15 years of experience.. As a Marine Corps combat veteran, he knows the value of teamwork, discipline, and problem-solving under pressure. He’s passionate about keeping projects running smoothly and ensuring quality results.
Jay comes from a long background in construction. Starting with small residential projects to becoming a Journeyman with the Carpenters Union Local 40 building medical labs and highrises in Boston, and now oversees and managing the field operations of large-scale solar projects.
Joseph has been active in the energy industry for ten years evaluating various on and off-site energy projects and advocating to advance sustainable energy policy. Joseph holds LEED GA and Certified Energy Manager certifications. He lives in Northwest Arkansas with his family where he enjoys the outdoors & cycling.
Maria graduated from the University of North Texas at Dallas with a Bachelor of Science in Finance and also holds a Masters Degree in Accounting.
Alex brings a unique perspective to his teams as a U.S.C.G Veteran and graduate of Bryant University with a B.S. in Project Management. In his free time, he is a passionate Boston Red Sox fan, is a licensed Captain on the water, and enjoys running, golfing, and fishing
Emma brings deep expertise in real estate acquisition, with a track record of securing land for wind, community solar, and utility-scale solar projects nationwide. She plays a key role in advancing clean energy development through close collaboration with engineering, legal, and project management teams.
Brad has over 22 years of professional experience in project management, renewable energy, civil and transportation engineering, permitting, and construction management; including fieldwork, concept studies, site layout, grading, drainage systems, roadway construction, reconstruction and rehabilitation design, erosion and sedimentation control, state and local permits, and construction administration and inspection. Brad is a licensed Professional Engineer in the States of Connecticut, Massachusetts, New York, and Rhode Island.
Kyle joined Verogy in 2018 and is an Engineering Manager. He oversees Verogy’s Commercial & Industrial (C&I) projects during the pre-Notice to Proceed (NTP) phase, guiding them from development handoff to construction start. Kyle is instrumental in energy modeling, conducts technical reviews of contracts, and leads performance and capacity testing of solar systems, ensuring operational excellence and project success.
Greg graduated from Texas A&M University with a degree in Environmental Engineering. He lives in Bentonville, AR with his wife and five kids where he is active in his neighborhood and the local mountain biking community.
Santiago has spent time on both the residential and commercial sides of solar, both in O&M and Project Management over seeing construction throughout Connecticut.
Nick graduated from the University of Connecticut with a B.S. in Finance and a minor in Data Analytics. In his free time Nick enjoys playing golf and snowboarding.
Karthik holds a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering with a specialization in Energy Engineering (Solar) and brings demonstrated experience in the Solar Industry.
Dan has 10+ years of superintendent experience on solar projects and government and military base construction, including as a solar safety manager and solar technician.
Brian graduated from UCONN School of Law with his Juris Doctor degree and is also a proud alumnus of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (Go Tar Heels!) where he earned a B.S. in Business Administration.
Sarah graduated from Northeastern University in 2010 with a degree in mathematics. Prior to joining Verogy, she spent years working in both renewable energy accounting and in public accounting.
Ashley graduated from the University of New Haven with a B.A. in Political Science and Southern New Hampshire University with a Masters in HR Management. She is also pursuing her Doctorate in Business Administration.
He is a Veteran of Operation Iraqi Freedom and is a charter member of both the New Haven VFW (Veterans of Foreign Wars) and American Legion. He has a Bachelor of Science degree from Southern Connecticut State University.
Ron is focused on expanding Verogy’s reach into new markets, business categories and opportunities. Through his nearly two decades in the industry, Ron has overseen over 500 MW of installed solar projects in all regions of the continental US.
Dan has 20+ years of construction related experience his responsibilities included management, coordination, leadership and execution of large-scale construction programs. Dan earned his B.A. from the University of Marian.
Mack leads strategy, partnerships, and execution for enterprise-scale solar and storage projects nationwide. He brings 25+ years of experience, including over a decade at Walmart where he originated more than 400 renewable energy projects totaling over 500 MW, and leadership roles at Black Bear Energy driving competitive tenders and channel partner engagement.
Felipe focuses on project finance and M&A initiatives earned a bachelor’s degree in mathematics from the Universidad Autonoma de Yucatan, in Mexico, and an MBA from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth.
We treat every solar project as if it’s our only one. That way, our solar energy experts can give your project the attention it deserves.
A strong set of values is what drives our organization forward and what compels our clients to trust us to provide industry-leading renewable energy solutions and services. Trust is at the root of everything we do; in fact, it’s the root of our company name. “Vero” as a noun is Latin for “truth” and truth is a critical element of every agreement we make, every business relationship we have, and every project we see through completion.
If you’re ready to start financing and developing your solar energy project, our solar power team is here to help. We help you design and install your system, and we find financing options that will save you money in the long run. Whatever you solar energy needs are, our solar team will find a way to meet them.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/about/areas-we-serve/

Areas We Serve
Turnkey solar solutions for Connecticut businesses.
Turnkey solar solutions for Connecticut businesses.
Verogy is committed to serving businesses with more than 75 years of combined solar experience.
Founded in Hartford, CT, Verogy is committed to helping businesses of all sizes and in any industry achieve their renewable energy goals. We serve businesses all throughout New England, but that’s not all! While we specialize in solar energy projects for the Connecticut market, we’ve traveled all over the United States to deliver the latest solar technology to businesses of all sizes. We also provide our solar services to Rhode Island businesses, organizations, and communities to help them take advantage of renewable energy now.
If you’re based in any of the areas listed above and you have a solar project in mind, reach out to us today. You can request a proposal and find out how we’ll tackle your project and make it fit your energy needs.
We design and deploy solar energy systems optimized for your day-to-day operations. With Verogy, you can expect to start saving money from day one!
Let us lead the movement toward clean, renewable energy with a comprehensive solar solution for your community and your institution.
With Verogy, you can elevate the value of your property while appealing to clients who want to benefit from clean energy sources.
We can help you provide energy to local and regional utility companies so everyone can reap the benefits of your solar project.
Our most popular solar solutions include businesses in Connecticut and Rhode Island:
The success of your clean energy initiatives hinges on thorough, thoughtful planning. The experts at Verogy develop solar energy solutions designed to prepare you for the challenges of tomorrow while saving you money today. Our team has the experience to foresee potential issues long before they become critical problems that slow your organization. With Verogy, you can be confident your next solar installation will get done on time and within budget.
Managing the solar engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) process can quickly turn into a full-time job. Our experts are here to absorb that burden, so you can stay focused on growing your business. At the same time, Verogy remains your single point of contact for your entire solar project, so you never have to worry about mission-critical information getting lost in translation.
No matter what your solar energy goals are, financing is critical to your project’s ongoing success. Our experts stay ahead of the latest solar incentives, tax rebates, and tax credit (ITC) opportunities to help you maximize the return on your investment. When you tell us what your budget is, we provide you with all your options, so you can be confident your solar infrastructure is optimized for your energy goals.
If you’re ready to take the first step toward a brighter future, contact the solar experts at Verogy today. We’ll work with you to start clarifying your energy goals, while exploring opportunities for saving your business money from day one at a minimal upfront cost.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/verogy-solar-project-portfolio/

With hundreds of installations completed throughout our team’s time in the industry, we have the knowledge and experience to create the solar solution that is best for you.
We understand that internal resources are always limited – so our goal is to do all the hard work, from engineering, permitting, incentive applications, and financing through construction and energization. We do the leg work, so you can enjoy your clean energy burden free.
200,000 MWh
of renewable energy produced by Verogy nationwide since 2018.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/contact/

Contact Us
Connect with us today to learn more about how our solar services and solutions can improve your business’s energy consumption or monetize your commercial real estate.
Connect with us today to learn more about how our solar services and solutions can improve your business’s energy consumption or monetize your commercial real estate.
Are you looking for ways to finance and implement your solar project? If so, our solar services and solutions can help you do that.
For media inquiries, please contact us through the form below, or directly at info@verogy.com.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/

Powering Your Future
With a solar project that suits your needs. Let the Verogy team help you plan, build, and manage your solar portfolio, ensuring its continued success.
With a solar project that suits your needs. Let the Verogy team help you plan, build, and manage your solar portfolio, ensuring its continued success.
The following services and solutions are where we shine brightest, helping you implement your project so you can harness solar power’s renewable energy benefits.
From start to finish, Verogy is instrumental in designing, planning, constructing, and making your solar project a reality.
Your solar installation is our business. Let us do the heavy lifting (literally), so you can enjoy the final product worry-free.
The Verogy team are experts at securing capital for your project, as our executive team has experience raising project financing to support solar project development across the country.
When you partner with a commercial solar energy company like Verogy, you gain access to solar industry expertise that will help make your project a success. We are a renewable energy company that wants to build a strong portfolio of solar energy projects for the benefit of our clients and our planet. The vital importance of these solar installation lower your electricity bills and improve your long-term environmental impact.
We work with business owners, landowners, and community leaders to provide energy and money-saving solar solutions.
The experts at Verogy have been developing, financing, installing, and operating commercial and utility scale solar projects since 2011. Altogether, our team members have over 75 years of solar experience. This translates to a solar company that will get to know you, your organization, and the goals for your solar project, while also bringing the same technical expertise, powerhouse design, and finance procedures a larger firm would offer.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/client-testimonials/

Client Testimonials
Don’t just take it from us. Take it from real clients that have seen the power of solar firsthand.
Don’t just take it from us. Take it from real clients that have seen the power of solar firsthand.
“Solar energy is an important part of how Kohl’s incorporates sustainable solutions in the way we do business. We’re excited for the completion of the solar projects at these three Kohl’s locations as we continue building on our existing renewable energy platforms in Arizona and nationwide.”
“This project solved two key objectives for the property. First, our economics from the project created an upfront payment to us, which we used to purchase and install a new roof membrane for the building. Second, we were able to receive value for a portion of the building that was previously unproductive: the building’s rooftop. I’ve appreciated the partnership and professionalism of the Verogy team as we’ve gone through all the project’s phases – from lease contract through project operation.”
“Sustainability is an important goal in East Hartford, [and] that’s why we have taken steps to adopt clean transportation, energy efficiency and other measures. The completion of the solar array at the Senior Center makes it the tenth solar installation in town, demonstrating our passion for reducing our carbon footprint and investing in renewable energy. The solar panels at the Senior Center are the latest example of how East Hartford is making our community ‘greener’ while saving taxpayers’ money.”
“Verogy provided us with extensive support and expertise through every step of the solar energy process, ensuring successful completion of this project. Our rooftop solar array will offset half of our energy costs, which will help us better serve our customers in Old Saybrook.”
“Barker Specialty is committed to help build a sustainable future for our community and planet. We mitigate our carbon footprint through environmentally conscious actions, and partner with suppliers who responsibly source products and materials. Adding solar to our property helps us take another step to our goals.”
“Not only are we looking forward to the financial benefits of going green, we’re also thankful for the opportunity to do our part for the environment by taking these important steps to reduce our CO2 emissions. Thanks to Verogy for their support in completing this project.”
“We are so happy to have found a solar energy solution that compliments the beauty of our grounds. Working with Verogy has proved to be a win-win.”
“Recent increases in our utility costs make it even more important that we take control of our energy expenses. Partnering with Verogy again is helping West Hartford save money and support clean, renewable locally-generated energy; it’s a real win-win.”
Finished our client testimonials? Learn more about what we offer, the areas we serve, and how you can can request our services. You can also check our FAQ page for answers to your solar-related questions.
In an industry as young as ours, it would be hard to find a group of professionals who have worked together as long as we have. The solar market is still new and growing, and when you work with a company to expand your use of renewable energy, you need a partner you can trust. That’s where Verogy comes in.
Are you interested in solar energy? If you have a project in mind, Verogy will originate, design, permit, and cover all steps of the development process so you can enjoy a hands-off experience. Our approach ensures optimal production and financial performance.
Founded in Hartford, CT, Verogy is committed to helping businesses of all sizes and in any industry achieve their renewable energy goals. We serve businesses throughout the United States.
On our FAQs page, we have taken the time to answers the questions we receive most often. Be sure to check there if you have any questions about your solar project. If you don’t find the answer there, feel free to reach out to us for answers.
If you have a project you want us to tackle, request a proposal from us today. We’ll find a way to may your solar plans a reality. Now is the time to invest in solar energy. Renewable energy is a low-risk investment and when you work with Verogy, it really is a win-win proposition.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/solar-solutions/

Solar Solutions
Our solar solutions help you convert to renewable energy systems and contribute clean energy to your community.
Our solar solutions help you convert to renewable energy systems and contribute clean energy to your community.
Verogy’s commercial solar power solutions help you access clean, renewable energy and lower your electricity bills. We guide your solar project from design to installation and throughout its lifespan, from project financing to solar system operations and maintenance.
Our solar solutions take your solar project from idea to reality. For example, our project development services help us determine how feasible your project is and what the benefits and risks are. Additionally, our solar financing options give you choices for funding your project, and solar rebates and tax incentives can make project funding easier and help you save money in the long run.
Along with solar energy solutions that bring your project to life, we also use our solar energy services to monitor and maintain your system throughout its lifespan. We monitor your installed solar project remotely, and if any problems develop, we provide field service to fix it. Our solar solutions keep your solar array running smoothly with maximum energy efficiency.
If you have any questions about our solar energy solutions and services, please reach out to us. Our team of experts is ready to handle any solar project questions or issues you may have. We’re here to make the transition to solar easier for your company.
The following solar services and solutions implement solar energy in your community. If you want to see what renewable energy can do for your business and in your specific industry, reach out to us today.
Once the solar asset is built, we are responsible for full maintenance and operations of all solar equipment, with annual or biannual maintenance visits. We monitor your solar energy system 24/7 to make sure it runs properly and provides clean energy for your facility, campus, or community. You can trust us to handle all your O&M needs and keep your solar panel system operating at peak performance levels.
Your solar project may entitle you to tax benefits and state-level rebates and incentives. Our team will help you navigate the process to get the most value from your solar assets. We know which rebates and tax incentives are available in your state, and we work closely with you to help you access them.
We are experts at raising the capital needed to support your solar project. We seek out financial sources and handle all paperwork on your behalf. These financial sources include financial incentives offered by the federal and state governments. We help you find the right solar financing options for your project’s needs.
As with all aspects of a solar energy project, we handle all elements of engineering, procurement, and construction. Our team consists of solar system designers and engineers who design and build the right solar system for your building, campus, or community.
All steps of the project, from origination all the way to production, are managed by our team. We work closely with you to make sure your solar energy solution is implemented efficiently and effectively. Overall, we customize our services to meet your project’s needs and your solar energy goals.
We offer these solar management solutions because we understand that you want to reap the benefits of solar energy systems without spending all your time managing them. Our team will oversee your operations and maintenance while you focus on providing your business’s core services to your customer base.
From start to finish, we make sure your commercial solar panel system is installed properly and operates smoothly throughout its lifespan. We also make sure you receive all the financial resources, including the federal tax credit, to pay off your solar investment. Overall, we use our expertise and years of experience as a solar installer to ensure your system generates the right amount of solar electric power for your commercial facility.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/solar-solutions/project-development/

Solar Project Development
Use our solar development services to design, build, and install your solar system.
Use our solar development services to design, build, and install your solar system.
You have to develop your solar project before you can use it. Verogy helps you navigate the development process to create the right solar system for your facility, campus, or community.
That is what solar power is and why companies and organizations all over the world are recognizing its potential. Solar energy is the future trend of energy because it can reduce electricity bills, is environmentally friendly, renewable, and it requires little maintenance. This is the ground floor of a new and exciting industry that will power our society and we are proud to be solar builders and innovators.
Connect with us to begin developing your solar project to meet your commercial solar needs.
Solar project development is largely an entrepreneurial activity. There are many risks and unknowns associated with each solar project. But with a motivated, professional team behind your project, the path to success is clear. It’s crucial to do as much work as possible before the first panel is even delivered. This upfront diligence is what sets Verogy apart. So many solar projects get bogged down when unexpected hurdles and delays drag the project past its timeline and budget. We avoid this through extensive thought, a proven approach, and thorough preparation beginning with asking the right questions.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/solar-solutions/solar-epc/

Verogy Value: Quality, Safety and Execution
Verogy’s experienced EPC team specializes in customized services for organizations nationwide, as well as renewable energy asset owners and developers.
Verogy’s experienced EPC team specializes in customized services for organizations nationwide, as well as renewable energy asset owners and developers.
Whether you are a developer or renewable asset owner looking to expand your portfolio, or a sustainability officer with ESG goals in mind, when you develop or build a solar array, you need a partner that prioritizes quality and efficiency. Verogy performs solar engineering, procurement, and construction to build your solar project properly.
“EPC” is at the essence of every renewable energy project, in which we design, develop, and build a solar array. This process is a complete range of solutions, from government approvals and material sourcing to the building phase. Once we arrive at the EPC, we have already received a contract and are moving from development. When appropriate permits have been pulled and contingent approvals have been received, all that needs to be finished is the design and fulfillment.
We provide in house services that optimize the value of our projects. Value engineering is at the heart of our EPC services, ensuring cost competitiveness and viability. The value of a Verogy project is a natural result of Verogy retaining ownership in projects, which creates clear incentive alignment with clients and financial partners
Verogy Value Highlights
Why does this matter? By providing professional in house engineering services, we provide the project with highly optimized results. Having designed and budgeted thousands of projects, our team of certified engineers are trained to execute efficiently on your behalf. From municipal building and electrical permit submission and coordination to interconnection and impact study management and coordination, our engineering team has you covered.
Verogy Value Highlights
Why does this matter? By maintaining relationships with key suppliers and manufactures, Verogy’s procurement team is committed to the successful acquisition of necessary equipment. We do due diligence up front on partners to ensure their complete compliance with all relevant regulations and to verify reputability. This unique network differentiates your project from all the rest.
Verogy Value Highlights
Why does this matter? Verogy acts as general contractor on all its projects and the management team has constructed over 300 solar projects to date, improving project oversight and reducing contractor margins and overall costs. As owner or beneficiary of a project, you will want access to invaluable insight. We have abundant experience providing portfolio management services to large corporations, as well as regional companies.
Verogy provides EPC services that find the right components for your solar project and build it effectively.
Our EPC services are just one part of our comprehensive solar services. In addition to EPC, we help you explore your financing options, including tax credits and incentives, so your solar installation is affordable and manageable. Then we monitor and maintain your solar energy system after we install it so you can reap the benefits of solar power for years to come.
When you want to see a solar project come to fruition, Verogy is the perfect partner. We are the only source you’ll need for solar design, procurement, and construction. You leverage our expertise and years of solar experience when you partner with Verogy.
To Verogy, communication is key. We host weekly meetings and updates for all of our clients where we explain where we are with the project and how far it is from completion. We focus on educating you throughout the process so you’re never in the dark or left guessing. Our goal is to provide the exact solar project you need.
We’re Here for Your Solar Energy Needs
If you’re ready to use renewable energy and you have a project in mind, reach out to us today.
Verogy works with you to navigate the renewable energy engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) process. Whether you’re working with a solar farm EPC or a solar rooftop EPC, we bring your project to fruition.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/solar-solutions/project-finance/

Solar Project Finance
Make your solar project an affordable reality with our financing options.
Make your solar project an affordable reality with our financing options.
If you want to invest in a solar project, you need to understand your financing options. Verogy offers multiple options to meet our clients’ different solar financing needs.
The Verogy team are experts at securing capital for your project, as our executive team has experience raising project financing to support solar project development across the country. New ways to pay for solar projects, like power purchasing agreements (PPAs), mean that a solar project is well within your reach. With so many ways to finance your commercial solar project, we see what works best for you.
Solar energy has many financial benefits. In fact, cost reduction is a primary reason most solar projects move forward:
This is the simplest and most direct way to finance your project. Companies and organizations that have useable capital and available tax appetite can finance their own solar projects. This allows them to directly own the asset on their balance sheet. You also have ownership of and access to the asset for its entire serviceable lifetime or until it is sold, taking full advantage of any tax credits or accelerated depreciation.
A lease allows you to benefit from the solar system on your roof or land with no out of pocket cost. We “lease” a portion of you property to build and operate the array and pay you regular, fixed payments. After the lease period, you can renew the lease or purchase the system outright. This results in little or no upfront capital needed and less volatility than you may find in PPA agreements.
Find a solar financing option that fits your budget and meets your needs.
A Power Purchase Agreement or PPA is an agreement in which Verogy builds a solar project on your property and then sells the electricity to you at a rate considerably lower than what is being offered by the utility company. While Verogy owns the equipment and the tax credits, the value from them are used to keep your monthly payments low. This keeps the asset off your balance sheet and all risk from the project lies with Verogy.
If you need additional help to make your solar energy system a reality, we can help you access other solar panel financing options. These include tax credits for using renewable energy, such as the Connecticut ZREC (Zero Emission Renewable Energy Credit). Our team has the solar financing expertise to help you access these options.
We do a lot of work upfront to make it easy for our clients to afford solar projects. One of our best assets is that we handle all the technical, engineering, financing, and construction so your solar power project is built and you can begin to experience the benefits of solar energy efficiently. Verogy has a proven history of completing solar projects that provide daily benefits for our clients for years.
Request a Proposal Today
If you want to know how we recommend you handle your solar project financing, connect with us today.
We’re here to make sure you understand all your commercial solar financing options, and we help you choose the one that fits your needs. Then you can leave the solar energy development, EPC, and maintenance to us.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/solar-solutions/operations-maintenance/

Operations and Maintenance
Verogy takes care of your solar system’s operations while you reap its benefits.
Verogy takes care of your solar system’s operations while you reap its benefits.
A solar project is only as good as its ability to operate at peak performance. Verogy keeps your solar system at peak performance so it generates as much energy as possible.
Just like your HVAC and plumbing, if it isn’t working properly or is damaged, it requires specialized training to troubleshoot and repair. This is why Verogy has developed a comprehensive operations and maintenance (O&M) plan to guarantee your asset’s performance over time.
Quality installation is a foundation but proper solar panel maintenance is the result of a comprehensive operations and maintenance strategy. Verogy uses an efficient monitoring platform, advanced analytical capabilities, a network of qualified maintenance technicians, and a playbook of best practices we’ve developed through experience to keep your solar array at peak performance for its lifespan. Our O&M plan covers routine maintenance visits as well as responsive visits.
Commissioning is the first step in the solar power maintenance process. Once the asset is completed, the transition to operations is very important. A system should perform as intended, and the commissioning process makes sure that what was designed for optimal performance is constructed to provide it. Verogy provides commissioning services on every project we manage as well as a stand-alone service.
Solar systems are not something you set and forget; they require consistent monitoring and analysis to maintain optimal performance. Verogy uses a third-party data acquisition system along with proprietary analytical systems to acquire and analyze data as well as detect site alarms for all systems and equipment.
Discover how our O&M services improve your solar system’s overall performance.
Verogy can provide O&M coverage throughout the country. We leverage our nationwide service network with our in-house protocols and quality control procedures. This allows us to provide the consistent O&M services that are critical to the successful operation of a solar energy facility anywhere in the U.S.
The ability to provide quantitative and qualitative data is a requirement for some projects to get funding and to monitor the return on investment. We provide customized asset performance reporting that gives you accurate and easy-to-use site data.
Verogy is a solar operations and maintenance company as well as a solar developer. Once we’ve designed, built, and installed your solar energy system, we perform solar power and solar thermal maintenance on it throughout its lifespan. No matter what happens, we make sure its solar panels work properly and send renewable energy to your facility.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/solar-solutions/incentives-and-tax-support/

Renewable Energy Incentive Report
Find tax incentives and support programs that help you finance your solar project.
Find tax incentives and support programs that help you finance your solar project.
The federal and state governments provide tax incentives to encourage organizations to use renewable energy. Verogy helps you discover the incentives that suit your solar project.
With Verogy, your commercial solar project is handled professionally from beginning to end. We bring the professional expertise, the industry knowledge, and the experience. Once the project is built, you’re free to enjoy the benefits, including renewable energy tax credits and incentives. This is a service we offer that’s included in our Power Purchasing Agreement (PPA) offering. After Verogy handles every step of the project, we pass the value on to you.
Learn which federal and state tax incentives apply to your solar project with us. We help you use them to finance your project.
As long as you own your solar energy system, you or your business is entitled to the federal solar tax credit. This credit allows you to subtract 30% of the cost of installing the solar array from your taxes for the year it was built. This credit is more powerful than a deduction because it reduces your overall tax liability for the year, as opposed to a deduction that only lowers your taxable income. Your business still benefits from these credits, even if you have leased the solar equipment from us or signed a PPA. Verogy builds these savings into your agreement, meaning your prices stay lower than what local utilities are charging, and you still experience a return on your investment.
Getting the most value from your solar project isn’t easy. When you want to claim tax credits or incentives, certain requirements need to be met. The right documents need to be filed, and state and federal government entities need as much project information as possible. All this paperwork is a burdensome task that’s a mystery to many clients, which can make solar tax benefits difficult to access. This especially comes in to play when a client works in multiple states because of the differences in requirements for each state. Our priority is to help you navigate the process by being your adviser for getting the most out of your tax credits.
Verogy is familiar with many eastern state solar incentive programs, and as a nationwide company, we can work with any locality. Here are some solar incentive programs we have worked with in the past:
This program creates a market-driven bidding process for projects to compete to obtain a 20-year revenue stream from the sale of RECs to electric utilities.
A tariff-based incentive that is paid directly by utility companies to the solar system owner.
The REG program supports the development of distributed renewable energy projects statewide.
The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority promotes energy efficiency and the use of renewable resources, like solar. They have many programs for solar power and we see if you qualify.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/solar-solutions/incentives-and-tax-support/connecticut-incentives/

Connecticut Solar Incentive Programs
Helping your Connecticut business afford the transition to solar energy.
Helping your Connecticut business afford the transition to solar energy.
If you’re a commercial business owner in Connecticut, you should know about the commercial solar incentives available to businesses that install solar energy systems. Here are summaries of the major Connecticut solar incentive programs.
With the final procurement of the LREC/ZREC program underway, it is important to turn our attention to the new Non-Residential Renewable Energy Tariff, or “Successor” Program in Connecticut. Let’s look at how the new program differs from its predecessor, as well as how you can benefit from it.
There are two ways to benefit from the Successor program. The first is called the “Buy All Tariff”. It is simplest to think of this as similar to a Power Purchase Agreement. By entering into this agreement, the customer will benefit from fixed compensation over the 20-year term in the form of direct quarterly payments from the utilities, or on-bill credits, for all energy + RECs produced by the solar panels. Under this tariff, rooftop leases are a viable and often attractive offer for commercial property owners. In a rooftop lease, the property owner leases their unused rooftop to a solar developer and receives lease payments. The developer owns and operates the solar array and is responsible for all maintenance of the system. This is a great no investment alternative to a turnkey sale.
The second option in the Successor Program is called the “Netting Tariff”, which is most similar to the previous LREC/ZREC Program, in which energy production is settled with the onsite usage monthly, and customers are compensated for RECs separately. Any excess production is sent to the grid and the customer will see a compensation for this energy as a monetary credit on their utility bill. Any unused credits at the end of the year will be rolled forward. At the end of the 20-year term these credits will be cashed out.
The maximum project size allowed in the Successor Program is 2 megawatts (2,000 kilowatts). The successor program has increased the length of the agreements from the LREC/ZREC program. Instead of 15 years, program agreements will now last 20 years. The first solicitation will open February 1st, 2022, and bids will be due on March 13th, 2022.
The Connecticut Green Bank sponsors the Commercial Property Assessed Clean Energy (C-PACE) program, which allows you to finance a renewable energy project over time. How does this work? Through the C-PACE program, you receive a voluntary benefit assessment on your property tax bill. Then you can repay your project’s cost over time along with your property taxes. This incentive enables you to make your facility more energy efficient while you pay off the installation and create more predictable energy expenses for your business.
When you install a solar energy system, this tax exemption prevents you from paying additional taxes on your facility’s increased value. That allows you to reap the benefits of your installation without making you pay extra for it, which in turn makes your solar project more affordable to install and maintain.
As part of Connecticut’s Equitable Modern Grid initiative, Energy Storage Solutions is offering upfront and performance-based incentives for businesses and property owners to purchase and install energy storage systems. As an eligible Energy Storage Solutions contractor, Verogy installs only industry-leading and trusted battery storage solutions specifically developed to meet the requirements of these industries.
When battery storage is added to solar energy projects there are numerous benefits. First and foremost, it lowers your facility’s energy needs during peak demand, reducing costs by allowing you to store the energy until your building needs it. It keeps your facility running without interruption if the electricity goes out as the storage system uses saved energy to power your building. Battery storage also helps the environment by ensuring no energy goes to waste and is a cleaner source compared to other options.
With these incentives, certain organizations could receive up to 50% off the installation price with added performance payments based on the average power the battery system contributes during essential periods. Additional savings may also be available for those on the grid edge, critical facilities, facilities replacing fossil fuel generators, and some other qualifying small businesses. Not only does this enable customers to save money at the time of purchase, the value and cost savings continue over the life of the system, allowing you to get the most out of your investment.
Our solar team can help you determine if you’re eligible for certain Connecticut incentive programs.
The federal Investment Tax Credit has been renewed for 2020 at a rate of 26%. If you purchase your solar energy system outright, you’ll be eligible to have that 26% incentive deducted from your federal income taxes. This incentive option can make it more feasible and appealing to purchase your solar array outright, as other purchasing options aren’t eligible for this tax credit.
Net metering is a process that connects your solar energy system to the power grid so your system can distribute any excess energy it produces into the grid, which sends that energy back into the community. For the moment, net metering still exists in Connecticut, but it’s being phased out after Connecticut lawmakers passed legislation to dismantle it. This legislation was considered controversial when it was passed, since net metering has been successful here in Connecticut and elsewhere. However, the opponents of net metering say it’s an inefficient way of generating electricity, and that it presents more costs than benefits for taxpayers, and that’s the opinion that prevailed with lawmakers.
Utility companies are developing replacements for net metering, and they include lower electrical rates they will pay to solar customers for excess power generation. They are currently calling these rates tariffs.
On the other hand, if you installed your solar array before the date the legislation was passed, you’ll be grandfathered into the new system, and you can still use net metering until Dec. 31, 2039.
Our team at Verogy helps you navigate these tax credits and incentives so you can reduce your energy costs, increase your bottom line, and make the most of your solar investment. We’re here to make sure your Connecticut business becomes energy efficient through renewable energy.
Discover Our Solar Financing Solutions.
Find out how we can make your solar project an affordable reality.
Reach out to us today to begin implementing a solar project for your Connecticut business.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/maine-solar-solutions/

Maine Solar Solutions
Verogy helps you navigate every step of the solar installation process as solar power in Maine grows.
Verogy helps you navigate every step of the solar installation process as solar power in Maine grows.
When you install solar panels for your Maine business, you need a partner who can navigate every part of the process. Verogy has the resources and knowledge to help you install the right solar energy system for your commercial facility. Here’s what you need to know about the current state of solar power in Maine and how we can help you harness this renewable energy for your business.
Solar power usage in Maine is still growing. Maine ranked 43rd in overall national solar rankings, but it ranks 26th in national solar growth projections. The state currently has 2,595 solar installations and $230.6 million in solar investments. The governor signed legislation in June 2019 that increased Maine’s renewable energy portfolio to 80% by 2030 and 100% by 2050. Solar project development in Maine is just getting started, and Verogy wants to help you explore these new energy system opportunities. Solar installers in Maine can tap into the state’s potential as a hub of renewable energy.
Verogy helps you navigate all these financial options so you choose the right option for your business or organization.
There are many reasons to power your business with solar energy. Solar energy has grown much more affordable than it’s ever been before. Additionally, many businesses now want to switch to renewable energy to decrease their carbon footprint. We’re currently seeing the effects that fossil fuels have on our environment, and those effects are enough to encourage some people to make the switch. If you want to switch to solar energy for its affordability, sustainability, or other benefits, Verogy can help you with the transition.
The owners of Verogy have installed solar photovoltaic (PV) systems throughout the United States. We build a range of solar project types, from municipal installations to utility scale solar farms. We have the versatility to meet your solar project needs, no matter what size the installation is. If you’re ready to transition to solar power in Maine, reach out to Verogy today. When you partner with us, we customize our service offerings to help you generate the right amount of solar energy for your facility and your community.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/solar-solutions/incentives-and-tax-support/massachusetts/

Massachusetts Solar Energy Incentives
Finance your solar project with the following incentives and tax credits.
Finance your solar project with the following incentives and tax credits.
If you want to switch your business to clean, renewable energy, you should take advantage of these solar power incentive programs. These solar incentive programs help you finance your solar project by giving you monetary reasons to invest in solar electricity for your facility, property, and community. If you choose the right incentive or tax credit program for your project, you’ll greatly increase its chances of success. Here are the Massachusetts energy credits, rebates, and tax incentives for solar projects.
The Solar Massachusetts Renewable Target (SMART) Program is the newest of Massachusetts’ solar energy incentives. It’s a tariff-based incentive a utility company pays directly to the solar system owner. If you apply for this solar program, your project must be connected to one of these three Massachusetts investor-owned utility companies: Eversource, National Grid, and Unitil. When you apply, your project will be placed into one of two Capacity Blocks: Less Than or Equal to 25 kW AC or Greater Than 25 kW AC. You also need to review all the guidelines and requirements for the SMART solar incentive program. If your application is selected, you can offset your financial investment with the funds you receive from your connected utility company.
This Massachusetts solar rebate program is a good fit for businesses with small solar projects. To qualify for this program, your project must have a capacity of 25 kW or less, no more than a 20% output reduction due to shading, and it must be interconnected to a participating MLP distribution system. After you apply for this program, the Massachusetts Department of Energy Resources (DOER) and the participating MLPs offer rebates of $1.20 per watt for up to 50% of your system costs. The MLP Program Manual and its FAQ walks you through the entire process.
Eversource, National Grid, and Unitil customers may use net metering to return their solar panels’ excess electricity back to the grid. When you participate in net metering, your solar is fitted with a meter that tracks how much electricity your building uses. The meter spins forward when your building uses your utility company’s electricity and spins backward when it uses the solar electricity your array generates.
How does net metering affect your monthly electric bill? You pay for your net electricity consumption, which subtracts the electricity you generate from the electricity you consume. If that net metering difference is positive, you’ll pay your utility company for it, but if it’s negative, the utility company will put a net metering credit on your electric bill, where it appears as a dollar amount. These state solar energy credits roll over to the next billing period and never expire.
Interestingly, Massachusetts doesn’t differentiate between behind-the-meter net metering and virtual net metering. Behind-the-meter net metering measures electricity consumed on the same site where it’s generated. Virtual net metering measures electricity consumed on a site other than the place where the electricity was generated. No matter which type of net metering you participate in, you’re eligible for solar credits in Massachusetts.
Net metering helps you save money on your electric bill and allows you to contribute to your community when it returns your excess electricity to the grid.
Reach out to us today to find out which incentives and tax credits your solar project qualifies for.
The federal Investment Tax Credit is currently at 22% for 2021. If you purchase your solar energy system outright during 2021, you’ll be eligible to have that 22% incentive deducted from your federal income taxes. In 2022 and all following years, it will be at 10%. This incentive option can make it more feasible and appealing to purchase your solar array outright, as other purchasing options aren’t eligible for this solar investment tax credit. If you take advantage of the federal solar tax credit’s current rate, you’ll save more money than you will if you wait to purchase your solar system in a later year.
MACRS is a national incentive that allows businesses to recover their renewable energy project investments through depreciation deductions. This system sets up different class lives and schedules for renewable energy project depreciation. Most solar energy systems fall into the five-year schedule. If your system was acquired and installed between Sept. 27, 2017, and Jan. 1, 2023, you can receive a bonus depreciation of 100% because of The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. This system can help make your project more feasible by helping you recover the costs of your investment over time.
Verogy’s experienced solar experts use their resources to procure solar project financing for our clients. We show you which solar incentives and tax credits will best fit your project, and then we help you access them. Request a proposal from us today to find out how we’ll tackle your commercial solar project.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/new-jersey-solar-energy-incentives/

The Future of Solar in New Jersey is Bright
Have you been waiting to explore New Jersey solar energy?
The New Jersey solar market is thriving, and you can be part of it. Incentive programs unique to New Jersey can make your solar project a no brainer—keep reading to find the solution that is right for you.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.verogy.com/solar-solutions/incentives-and-tax-support/new-york-solar-incentives/

New York Solar Incentives
Use these New York solar programs and energy incentives to finance your commercial solar project.
Use these New York solar programs and energy incentives to finance your commercial solar project.
If you want to switch your New York business to solar electricity, you’ll need a way to finance your solar project. Take advantage of these New York state incentives for solar energy to make your project a reality. Verogy helps you harness NY solar incentives in 2021 and beyond.
This grant program offers incentives for non-residential solar PV systems that measure 200 kilowatts (kW) or larger. Your PV system receives the program’s incentives based on its annual energy production during its first three years of operation. The incentives are based on Megawatt (MW) Block designs that allocate incremental MW targets to certain regions within New York State. The incentives decrease over time for each target region until they are no longer offered there. However, this solar program offers additional incentives for installations in utility-identified strategic locations, systems with integrated energy storage, and solar projects with comprehensive energy efficiency.
The PSEG Long Island solar incentive program is a “buy-all, sell-all” program in which all your solar energy system’s power is exported to the power grid. Then the program offers the energy to commercial users for a fixed price through a 20-year power purchase agreement.
The fixed price is set during a Clearing Price Auction. If you want your solar project to be eligible for this program, your solar panel system’s output must fall between 200kW and 1,000kW, and you must install the solar panels on your building’s roof. If you’d like to put your solar power back into the grid and purchase it for a fixed price, this program may be for you.
Net metering allows eligible solar system owners to offset their electric bills by returning their excess solar electricity to the power grid. When you participate in this solar program, your utility company fits your system with a meter. When the meter spins forward, you’re consuming energy from your utility company. When it spins backward, you’re using energy your solar system generates. If you use more power from generated solar electricity than from your utility company, you’ll receive a monetary credit on your electric bill. This system helps you manage the costs of solar installation and maintenance.
New York State first passed a net metering law for solar PV systems in 1997. The Legislature has expanded the law to cover other forms of renewable energy, but it still includes the solar industry. Solar programs in New York have been a priority for a long time, and this incentive is still here to offset your maintenance and installation costs.
Reach out to us today to find out which solar incentives and tax credits your solar project qualifies for.
The federal Investment Tax Credit is currently at 22% for 2021. This is the last year where the ITC will be above 10%, so you should take advantage of this solar tax credit now. In 2022 and all following years, it will be at 10%. This incentive option can make it more feasible and appealing to purchase your solar array outright, as other purchasing options aren’t eligible for this tax credit. If you take advantage of the tax credit’s current rate, you’ll save more money than you will if you wait to purchase your solar system in a later year.
MACRS is a national incentive that allows businesses to recover their renewable energy project investments through depreciation deductions. This system sets up different class lives and schedules for renewable energy project depreciation. Most solar energy systems fall into the five-year schedule. If your system was acquired and installed between Sept. 27, 2017, and Jan. 1, 2023, you could receive a bonus depreciation of 100% because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. This system can help make your project more feasible by helping you recover the costs of your investment over time.
Verogy’s solar experts work with you to locate and access the right incentives for your solar project. If there’s an NY solar credit out there, we’ll find it. Regardless of whether it’s a grant program, a federal tax credit, or a long-term incentive program, we’ll find the incentives to make your project a reality.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------