ROOT: https://blueridgeenergy.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:52:03.577378Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://blueridgeenergy.com/

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Conserve and Save.
- Tips for getting the most out of your AC unit or heating system
- Everyday habits that can save you money
- Tips for appliances that use a lot of energy
Get the Mobile App
Manage your account from our app .... and so much more!
- Pay Your Bill
- Check Account Balance
- Call, Chat, Email
- Report Power Outage
- Check Outage Map
- Receive Notifications
- Check Account Balance
- Place Service or Delivery Order
- Safety Information
- Contact Blue Ridge Energy

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/company/website-privacy-policy

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/ (the “Site”).
Personal Information We Collect
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally, when you fill out forms on the Site, such as signing up for our various campaigns and notification programs, we collect certain information from you. This may include (but is not limited to) email addresses, physical addresses, names, phone numbers, and account numbers. We refer to this as "Personally Identifiable Information".
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Personally Identifiable Information.
How do we use your Personal Information?
We use the Personally Identifiable Information you voluntarily provide to fulfill your request, help you quickly find and/or receive information from us, alert you to updated information and services, provide more complete service, improve the content of our website for your reference, answer your questions, and communicate with you.
We use the Device Information that we collect to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Sharing your Personal Information
With respect to site collected information, Blue Ridge Energy does not sell the Personal Information you provide for financial gain nor does Blue Ridge Energy share such information with third parties for the purpose of sending you advertisements for products or services unaffiliated with Blue Ridge Energy or with its affiliates or business partners. Blue Ridge Energy may, however, share your Personal Information for legitimate business purposes, including without limitation the following:
- Transferring such information to Blue Ridge Energy’s affiliates and subsidiaries, unless such transfer is prohibited by law.
- Transferring such information as part of a merger, consolidation, acquisition, divestiture or other corporate restructuring.
- Making such information available to third parties who are providing the product, service or information that you have requested (but never your password).
- Making such information available to third parties who are providing services to Blue Ridge Energy or its subsidiaries or affiliates. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
- Residents of California: Please see NextRoll’s Information for California Residents regarding the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, at https://www.nextroll.com/privacy#service-13.
By providing Personally Identifiable Information, you expressly consent to these privacy practices. Also, Blue Ridge Energy reserves the right to share any aggregated information (i.e., non-personally identifiable information) with any third parties for any reason, unless prohibited by law.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Security Policy
Blue Ridge Energy strives to use the industry-standard practices to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, alteration and destruction. However, no security system is completely fail-safe, and Blue Ridge Energy cannot guarantee the information you provide will never be obtained by unauthorized persons. In some areas of our website, we require a user ID and password for you to access certain information. Blue Ridge Energy will not disclose such password to third parties; however, you are responsible for maintaining the privacy and security of your password.
Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices, even if we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Data Retention
We will maintain your Personal Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy periodicallyin order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us using the information below:
Blue Ridge Energy
PO Box 112
Lenoir, NC 28645-0112

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/company/locations

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Locations and Showrooms
Alleghany County
Office and Showroom
1889 Hwy. 21 South
Sparta, NC 28675
336-372-4646 (Electric)
336-372-1742 (Propane)
Ashe County
Office and Showroom
2375 NC Hwy. 163
West Jefferson, NC 28694
336-846-7138 (Electric)
336-846-2421 (Propane)
Caldwell County
Office and Showroom
100 Cooperative Way
Lenoir, NC 28645
828-754-9071 (Electric)
828-758-4401 (Propane)
Watauga County
Office and Showroom
2491 US Hwy 421 South
Boone, NC 28607
828-264-8894 (Electric)
828-264-3521 (Propane)
Burke County
Office and Showroom
434 E. Fleming Drive
Morganton, NC 28655
828-437-1344
for Propane only
Corporate Mailing Address
Blue Ridge Energy
PO Box 112
Lenoir, NC 28645-0112
Looking for Appliances?
Click here
Looking for Kiosks?
Click here
Legend:
| Office Locations | |
| Office Location (Propane only) | |
| Electric, Propane and Heating Fuels Service Area | |
| Propane and Heating Fuels Service Area | |
| Area Served By Other Utilities |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/company

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Company
Blue Ridge Energy is proud to be part of the Touchstone Energy network of cooperatives providing electricity and related services to over 15 million members across the nation.
Touchstone Energy is a national alliance of local, consumer-owned electric cooperatives providing high standards of service to customers large and small. More than 600 Touchstone Energy cooperatives in 44 states are delivering energy and energy solutions to more than 17 million customers every day. Touchstone Energy cooperatives serve their members with integrity, accountability, innovation and a longstanding commitment to communities.
Touchstone Energy cooperatives are local, active members of their communities dedicated to serving commercial, industrial, agricultural and residential customers with integrity, accountability, innovation and commitment to community.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/company/subsidiaries

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Blue Ridge Energy, LLC, a subsidiary company of Blue Ridge Energy, provides propane, heating fuels, and gas heating appliances to a growing territory from showrooms and offices in Lenoir, Boone, West Jefferson, Sparta and Morganton, North Carolina. We also serve Independence, VA, from our Sparta location.
Catawba County residents can also purchase propane from Blue Ridge Energy by calling 800-726-0405.
Galax County residents can purchase propane from Blue Ridge Energy by calling 276-773-9113.
Visit any of our Blue Ridge Energy offices and showrooms.
RidgeLink, LLC, is a limited liability company formed to help Blue Ridge Energy provide value to its membership by more fully utilizing the fiber optic system the cooperative has put in place for its electric system. RidgeLink provides broadband and telecommunication services to other businesses that provide end-use internet access services.
RidgeLink has been granted a certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity by the North Carolina Utilities Commission to serve as a Competitive Local Provider (CLP).
For more information, please contact Jason Smith, Chief Operating Officer, at 800-451-5474.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/company/history

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Your Cooperative History
Blue Ridge Electric Membership Corporation has come a long way since 1936 when the cooperative's power lines were energized to light up the landscapes of our beautiful rural northwest North Carolina counties.
Life in the days before the late 1930's was dark and filled with manual labor from dawn to dusk for rural folks. While electricity had come to many towns and cities, it remained elusive in more distant areas because existing utilities found it unprofitable to bring it to rural areas.
Little did we know in 1935 that life would soon change for areas like ours when President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed into creation the Rural Electrification Administration (REA). This action recognized that support was needed to help rural areas become electrified. But it was the self-sufficient, enterprising residents of rural areas who worked together—many by the sweat of their brows—to form cooperatives and bring electricity to their homes, schools, churches, farms and businesses.
How people formed their cooperatives and brought electricity to rural areas is one of the nation's greatest examples of economic democracy. Men and women petitioned, educated and organized to bring power to their communities. They drew lines on rough paper maps and secured signatures for sign-ups. They obtained pledges of land for the paths of the lines so the cooperative could build powerlines to serve them and their neighbors. Line crews, often aided by eager members in the community, cleared rights-of-way and dug holes, while others followed with poles and hardware. Last came the crews to hang the line.
The official "birth" of Blue Ridge Electric was recorded on September 19, 1936. It was that day a small group of farmers met with G. F. Messick in the jury room of the Caldwell County Courthouse to organize what was then called Caldwell County Electric Membership Corporation. This same year, the movement for cooperative rural electrification was in such high demand all across the country that Congress passed legislation making the REA permanent with provisions for cooperatives.
By 1938, Blue Ridge Electric began serving its first members under the name of Caldwell Mutual Corporation: 155 homes, six stores, four churches and a few schools in Caldwell County. Later that year, Watauga County was energized by the cooperative and by the following year, Alleghany County saw its first wondrous glow of lights. Two years later, the cooperative rechartered under the name Blue Ridge Electric Membership Corporation which now serves some 77,831 meters over approximately 1,525 square miles.
In March 1998, Blue Ridge made the decision to purchase Beall Oil Company enabling us to establish our first “for- profit” subsidiary - Blue Ridge Energies, LLC. This Limited Liability Corporation (LLC) provides propane, heating fuels, and heating appliances to a growing territory from showrooms and offices in Lenoir, Boone, West Jefferson, Sparta, and Morganton, North Carolina.
A second for-profit subsidiary, RidgeLink, LLC, was established in October 2008. RidgeLink was formed to help Blue Ridge Electric provide value to its membership by more fully utilizing the fiber optic system the cooperative has put in place for its electric system. The company provides broadband and telecommunication services to other businesses that provide end-use internet access services.
Because the energy landscape is evolving and new technologies are becoming available, our consumers need an energy company that can help them understand how these exciting new energy solutions fit into their lives. To do that, Blue Ridge Electric Membership Corporation made some fundamental changes in October 2016. The first change was our new name—Blue Ridge Energy—as our cooperative and propane and fuels subsidiary began operating under one brand.
The new Blue Ridge Energy is your complete source for innovative energy solutions, encompassing both your member-owned electric cooperative and our propane and fuels subsidiary. We’re expanding our offerings to give you more ways to improve your life and as the energy landscape evolves, we’ll help you understand how new technologies and solutions can best serve you. As always, we’re here as your trusted energy advisor and to make life better for those we serve!
Today, this cooperative still provides essential power to an evergrowing Northwestern North Carolina. While we have progressed and continue to prepare for the future, Blue Ridge Energy remains committed today to the same principles upon which cooperatives were founded. Owned by the members we serve, we are a local business formed to provide affordable access to electricity. We return any margins in the form of capital credits to our members, and the cooperative is governed by a board of directors elected by the membership. The mission is to provide reliable and affordable electricity and energy services. Our guiding purpose is to be a major shaper of the future in our area which results in people achieving new levels of economic prosperity. That's the higher calling of an electric cooperative like Blue Ridge Energy. And that's why we're proud to be a part of all the communities we serve.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/company/key-contacts

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Blue Ridge Energy
1216 Blowing Rock Blvd. NE
PO Box 112, Lenoir, NC 28645
Phone: (828) 758-2383
Fax: (828) 758-2699
Toll Free: 1-800-451-5474
| Alleghany District: (336-372-4646) | Ext. |
| District Manager | 4419 |
| Operations/Outside Crews Manager | 4419 |
| Propane and Fuels Manager | 4660 |
| Ashe District: (336-846-7138) | Ext. |
| District Manager | 4345 |
| Operations/Outside Crews Manager | 4319 |
| Propane and Fuels Manager | 4660 |
| Caldwell District: (828-754-9071) | Ext. |
| District Manager | 4129 |
| Operations/Outside Crews Manager | 4137 |
| Propane and Fuels Manager | 4682 |
| Watauga District: (828-264-8894) | Ext. |
| District Manager | 4221 |
| Operations/Outside Crews Manager | 4219 |
| Propane and Fuels Manager | 4228 |
| Morganton | Ext. |
| Propane and Fuels Manager | 4682 |
| Grayson, VA | Ext. |
| Propane and Fuels Manager | 4660 |
Staff Directors
Mike Kincaid
Director of Operations
ext. 3217
Kevin Norris
Director of Purchasing and Facilities
ext. 3234
Mike High
Director Engineering Services
ext. 3228
Renee Walker
Director of Public Relations
ext. 3213
Jason Lingle
Director of Energy Solutions
ext. 3276
Tasha Rountree
Director Community Relations
ext. 3294
Jon Jacob
Director of Marketing
ext. 3256

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/company/senior-staff

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
KATIE WOODLE
Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer
Blue Ridge Energy, 2012 - Present
Chief Executive Officer, April 2025 - Present
Chief Financial Officer, 2012- March 2025
Subsidiaries:
- Blue Ridge Energies, LLC
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer - RidgeLink, LLC
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Board of Directors, CCC&TI, 2025-present
Advisory Board, Appalachian State University, College of Health Sciences, 2015- former
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Appalachian State University, 2005
Master of Science in Accounting, Appalachian State University, 2006
AMY CROWDER
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Blue Ridge Energy, 2004 - Present
Chief Financial Officer, April 2025 - Present
Subsidiaries:
- Blue Ridge Energy, LLC
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer - RidgeLink, LLC
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Certified Public Accountant (CPA)
Cooperative Financial Professional Certificate (CFPC)
Member, North Carolina Association of Certified Public Accountants (NCACPA) and the National Society of Accountants for Cooperatives (NSAC)
Bachelor of Science in Accounting, Queens University
ALAN MERCK
Senior Vice President, Electric Services Group and Chief Operating Officer
Blue Ridge Energy, 2012 - Present
Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, 2018 - Present
Oversees system operations, electric plant, reliability, engineering, member and customer service, economic development, public relations, energy solutions, marketing and community relations
40 years of electric utility experience, with 29 years at Duke Energy in roles including transmission/substation design and construction, system operations, bulk power trading and wholesale power contract management
Executive Committee and Board, Caldwell County Economic Development Commission
Bachelor of Science in Business Management and Associates Degree in Electric Engineering
CRYSTAL SPENCER
Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative and Ethics Officer
Blue Ridge Energy, 2018 - Present
SVP and Chief Administrative Officer, June 2025 – Present
Oversees strategic planning, governance and policies, human resources, employee development and safety for the cooperative and its subsidiaries
Society of Human Resources Management Certified Professional
Carolinas Emerging Energy Leaders, 2023
NRECA’s Robert I. Kabat Management Internship Program, University of Wisconsin-Madison School of Business, 2020
BA, Gardner-Webb University, 1998
MA, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000
JASON SMITH
Senior Vice President and Chief Communications Officer
Blue Ridge Energy, 2015 – present
Vice Chairman and Chief Operational Officer, RidgeLink, LLC
Management Internship Program (Select), University of Wisconsin-Madison School of Business, 2019
Gettysburg Leadership Experience 2021
12-year USAF and USAF Reserve Veteran
Utilities Telecom Council (UTC) Fiber Subcommittee Chaiman
Caldwell Community College & Technical Institute Advisory Committee Member for Electronic Engineering Technologies
Extensive military communication technology and leadership training
FCC Ground Radiotelephone Operator License with Radar Endorsement
Studied Industrial Technology at Greenville Technical College
Responsibilities - Manages the communication technology strategy for both the cooperative and RidgeLink, LLC, overseeing a vast network infrastructure spanning over 700 miles, as well as cell, microwave, SCADA and radio communication systems for IT, operations, and engineering. Develops cost sharing strategies through RidgeLink to positively impact the rates of Blue Ridge Electric members. Provides relational and contractual oversight for all RidgeLink agreements, and contract negotiations.
GLENDA CHRISTIAN
Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Blue Ridge Energy, LLC
Blue Ridge Energy, 1994 - present
Chief Operating Officer, 2005 - Present
Board of Directors for the Hickory - Catawba Valley Homebuilders Association, 2002-2004
Vice President, Hickory - Catawba Valley Homebuilders Association, 2004
Past Chairperson for the Hickory - Catawba Valley Homebuilders Association Builders Fair, Today's Carolina Homeshow, and Parade of Homes Committee member
Associate of the Year, Hickory - Catawba Valley Homebuilders Association, 2002
National Association of Homebuilders - Life Spike Award member
National Association of Home Builders Remodelers member, 2008-2009
Dealers LP certified in Bulk Plant Compliance, Tank Installation and Cathodic Protection, 2012
Rego Products internal valve certification, 2012
Board of Directors, Lenoir Little League Association, 2000-2007
Kepner-Tregoe Management Certified, 2005
Graduate of the Blue Ridge Advanced Leadership Training and Blue Ridge Leadership Institute
Bachelor of Science Degree, Appalachian State University, 1986
Continuing Education, Business Law, Central Carolina Community College, 1988
Tanner Greer
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
Blue Ridge Energy, 2009 – present
Chief Technology Officer, 2021 – Present
Oversees technology for the cooperative and its subsidiaries, including systems, support, cybersecurity, application development and overall technology strategy.
Management Internship Program (Select), University of Wisconsin-Madison School of Business, 2018
Board Member, Caldwell County Wig Bank, 2020-Present
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Appalachian State University, 2008

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/company/board-governance

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Board & Governance
As a cooperative business, Blue Ridge Electric Membership Corporation exists to benefit our members and we strive to operate in their best interests.
In this section, you'll find important information about your Board of Directors: fellow members you elect to represent you. You'll also find governance documents, policies and other information that helps fairly and responsibly guide the cooperative. We encourage you to review these resources to help you learn more about how a cooperative is structured to benefit its members.
Representation by District:
Caldwell District
Watauga District
Ashe District
Alleghany District
Director Jeff Joines
Caldwell District
Current Occupation: Retired Judicial Division Administrator of
North Carolina Department of Correction
Membership Residence: Lenoir, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Blue Ridge Board member since 1998
Past Chairman, member of the Corporate Officers Group since 2002
Board President, September 2018 to present
Successfully completed all director training: Certified Cooperative Director, Board Leadership Certificate, Director Gold Certification
Past President, current board member, North Carolina Association of Electric Cooperatives, 2007 to present
Ex-officio member of all Blue Ridge Energy Committees
Past Chairman, Caldwell Member Advisory Committee
Charter Member, Past President, Caldwell County Rotary Club, 1982 to present
Paul Harris Fellow, Rotary’s Highest Honor
Chairman Emeritus, Caldwell County Sports Hall of Fame Committee
Inducted into NC American Legion Baseball Hall of Fame, 1997
Inducted in Caldwell County Sports Hall of Fame, 1998
Recipient of the Long Leaf Pine, North Carolina’s Highest Civilian honor, 2007
Graduate, Appalachian State University, BS in History, 1973
Director John F. Wishon, Jr. (Johnny)
Alleghany District
Current Occupation: Owner, Wishon Evergreens Wholesale Christmas Tree and Greenery Operation
Membership Residence: Sparta, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Owner, Wishon Evergreens Wholesale Christmas Tree and Greenery Operation
Former Agriculture Education Teacher/Future Farmers of America Advisor, Alleghany High School
Former Real Estate Broker
Member, Alleghany Member Advisory Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
President, Alleghany County Farm Bureau
Board member, Chair of Long Range Planning Committee, former President and past Chair of Research Committee, NC Christmas Tree Association
Board member and past President, Alleghany Christmas Tree Association
Chair of Church Council, Mission Team member, Church Liturgist, former Trustees Chair, and member, Sparta United Methodist Church
Cub Scout Leader and Coach for youth baseball and basketball
Graduate, North Carolina State University, BS Agriculture Education
Director Kelly Melton
Caldwell District
Current Occupation: Finance Officer, Town of Sawmills
Membership Residence: Lenoir, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Former Chief Financial Officer, West Caldwell Health Council Inc.
Chairperson, Caldwell County Habitat for Humanity Family Selection Committee
Former Treasurer, Collettsville School Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
Member, Treasurer and former Sunday School teacher and Vacation Bible School Director, Mulvale Baptist Church
Former Branch Manager, Bank of Granite (now First Horizon Bank)
Former Branch Manager, Wachovia Bank (now Wells Fargo)
Member, The Education Foundation Inc. of Caldwell County
Former member, Vice Chair and Chairperson, Blue Ridge Electric Member Advisory Committee
Former member, Blue Ridge Electric Members Foundation
Former Board member/Vice Chair, Caldwell Friends, Inc.
Former mentor, Communities in School
Graduate, Appalachian State University, Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
Director James Burl (J.B.) Lawrence
Watauga District
Current Occupation: Licensed Real Estate Broker, Allen Tate Realtors
Membership Residence: Blowing Rock, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Blue Ridge Electric Board since 2002
Board Leadership Certification
Credentialed Cooperative Director
Chair, Finance and Rates Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Past Chair, Transparency and Voting Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Former Mayor, Town of Blowing Rock
Executive Board Member, High Country Council of Governments
Member, Blowing Rock Rotary Club
Member, Blowing Rock Chamber of Commerce Economic Development Committee
Former Councilman, Blowing Rock Town Council
Former Member, Blowing Rock Rescue Squad
Former Member, Blowing Rock Volunteer Fire Dept.
Retired from First Citizens Bank
Attended Appalachian State University
Director David Eggers
Caldwell District
Current Occupation: Retired
Membership Residence: Lenoir, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Blue Ridge Electric Board since 2002
Assistant Secretary-Treasurer, Board of Directors, Blue Ridge Electric
Credentialed Cooperative Director
Board Leadership Certification
Former Chairman, Policy and Member Relations Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Member, Compensation Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Former Member, Caldwell Member Advisory Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Past Board President, 4 years, Tarheel Electric Membership Corporation
Volunteer, Caldwell Hospice and Palliative Care
Board Member, Caldwell County Education Foundation
Retired Principal, Caldwell County Schools
Bachelor’s, Master’s and EDS degrees, Appalachian State University
Director Angie Miller
Watauga District
Current Occupation: Deputy Human Resources Director, Appalachian State University
Membership Residence: Boone, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Human Resources, Appalachian State University, 22 years
Member, Credentials and Election Committee, Blue Ridge Electric, 2014
Member, Member Advisory Committee, Blue Ridge Electric, 2012 - 2017
Credentialed Cooperative Director, 2023
Member, State Employees’ Credit Union Advisory Board
President, Watauga County Firefighters’ Burned Children’s Fund, 2008 - 2012
Counselor, Hope Pregnancy Resource Center, 1994 - 1997
Blowing Rock Fire & Rescue, 1990-2010; recipient of the Meritorious Service Award, 2005 and 2008
Pianist, Laurel Fork Baptist Church
Graduate, Caldwell Community College, Associates Degree in Business Administration
Director Kelvin Gryder
Watauga District
Current Occupation: Owner/Operator, Gryder Technical
Membership Residence: Boone, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Owner/Operator of Gryder Technical since 1998 — an independent engineering consulting and technical sales firm providing specialized consulting services and technical representation across various industries.
Past Member and recent Chair, Blue Ridge Energy Member Advisory Committee (MAC), 2020-2025
Past member, Credentials and Election Committee, Blue Ridge Energy
Past member, Nominating Committee, Blue Ridge Energy
Member and Elder, and former Deacon and Clerk of Session, First Presbyterian Church, Boone
Volunteer, Disaster Relief missions, First Presbyterian Church
Graduate, Watauga High School
Graduate, UNC-Charlotte, Bachelor of Science in Engineering
Professional Engineering Certificate, 1986
Director David Boone
Ashe District
Current Occupation: President/Owner of Boone Family Funeral Home
Membership Residence: West Jefferson, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Appointed to Blue Ridge Electric Board, 2007
Served on Transparency and Voting Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Ashe Facilities Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Policy and Member Relations Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Graduate, East Tennessee State University
Graduate, Cincinnati College of Mortuary Science
Licensed, Funeral Director and Embalmer
Licensed, Life Insurance Agent
Former Director, N.C. Cemetery Association
Member, Ashe Masonic Lodge, Ashe Shrine Club, and Oasis Shrine
Owner, Boone Family Funeral Home and Cremation Services, West Jefferson
Director Cindy Price
Ashe District
Current Occupation: Retired Educator
Membership Residence: Warrensville, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Appointed to Blue Ridge Electric Board, 2018
Member, Policy and Member Relations Committee
Ashe Key Director
Former Ashe Representative, Blue Ridge Nominating Committee
North Carolina Character Educator of the Year (Awarded by Duke University Kenan Institute of Ethics), 2001
Fellow, North Carolina Educational Policy Fellowship Program, 2013
Board of Directors, North Carolina Association of Elementary Education
Region 7 Director, North Carolina Association of Compensatory Education (Federal Programs)
The Coordinating Council for Appalachian State University Public School Partnership, Member
Member of the Pastor Parish Relations Committee, Clifton United Methodist Church
NC Guardian Ad Litem
Director Douglas Spell
Ashe District
Current Occupation: Retired, Sr. Project Manager for James R. Vannoy & Sons Construction Co., Inc.
Membership Residence: West Jefferson, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Registered Professional Engineer, North Carolina
Bachelor of Science, North Carolina State University; Master’s in Public Affairs, Western Carolina University
24 years experience in local government as a City Manager, Assistant City Manager, and City Engineer with experience in electric utility service
Board of Deacons and Member, First Baptist Church of West Jefferson
Nominated as outstanding volunteer, 40th Annual Ashe County Volunteer Awards Ceremony (April 2025)
Volunteer, Woodchucks Wood Ministry, providing firewood to families in need as a part of First Baptist Church, West Jefferson
Volunteer, Compassionate Commissary/Musicians Mission of Mercy providing food boxes to families in need
Volunteer, Wilkes Community College, annual Merlefest Festival
Past President and Former Member, Rotary Club of the Jeffersons
Past Chairman, Ashe County Sports Hall of Fame
Former Chairman and Member, Ashe County High School Athletic Booster Club
Former Head Coach, YBOA/Travel Basketball for Ashe County High School Girls Basketball Team (Coached Girl’s Team from 5th grade through Varsity Level)
Director Bryan Lee Edwards
Alleghany District
Current Occupation: President, Alleghany Chamber for Economic Development
Town Manager of Sparta (retired 2020)
Membership Residence: Sparta, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Blue Ridge Electric Board since 2007
Board Leadership Certification
Credentialed Cooperative Director
Member, Compensation Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Former Logistics Clerk, United States Army
Attended North Carolina Institute of Government
Director, Grayson National Bank
Treasurer, Alleghany County Economic Development Commission
Past Member, Region D Development Corporation
Chairman, Virginia/Carolina Water Authority
Member, Blue Ridge Business Development Center
Member, Alleghany Group Homes, Inc.
Past President, Alleghany County Chamber of Commerce
Past Member, Alleghany Community Foundation
Graduate, Appalachian State University and Alleghany High School
Director Mitch Franklin
Alleghany District
Current Occupation: Director, New River Cottage, Inc.
Membership Residence: Sparta, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Member, Alleghany County Economic Development Committee
Former member, Alleghany County Board of Education
Former member, Blue Ridge Electric Members Foundation
Former member, Blue Ridge Electric Member Advisory Committee
Former Director, site development, Lowe’s Companies, Inc., 23 years
Former President and member, Alleghany Wrestling Club
Member, First Baptist Church, Sparta
Former member, Alleghany Wellness Center Board
Coach for youth, middle school and high school wrestling
Graduate, Appalachian State University, Bachelor of Science in Industrial Technology
More Information:
Elections and Voting
WAYS TO VOTE FOR YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS
VOTE ELECTRONICALLY:
Members have the convenience of voting online to elect their board of directors.
While members may still attend and vote for directors at the Annual Membership Meeting or by mailed proxy, the electronic voting option is designed to provide a more convenient opportunity for members to be involved in their cooperative. With a service area stretching from the foothills into the mountains and across seven counties combined with busy family schedules, this option enables members who can’t attend the annual meeting to vote for their board of directors.
Members who chose to vote electronically will receive the Notice of Annual Meeting along with instructions relating to online voting in May of each year.
VOTE BY MAIL:
Members have the convenience of voting by mail to elect their board of directors.
Each year in May, the Notice of Annual Meeting and director election materials are mailed to all members, including information on candidates and a proxy form for members to make their selections. To vote by mail, the form must be signed by the member and returned in the enclosed postage-paid envelope by the date specified in the packet. The proxy must be mailed; it cannot be given to an employee or accepted at any Blue Ridge office.
While members may still attend and vote for directors at the Annual Membership Meeting, the vote-by-mail option is designed to provide a more convenient opportunity for members to be involved in their cooperative. With a service area stretching from the foothills into the mountains and across seven counties combined with busy family schedules, this option enables members who can’t attend the annual meeting to vote for their board of directors.
Look for more information about the vote-by-mail option in the director election materials mailing to each member in early May. Prefer to vote online? Follow the information on the top right corner of your copy of the election proxy for steps on how to do so.
VOTE AT YOUR ANNUAL MEETING:
As always, members may vote in person at their cooperative’s Annual Membership Meeting held each year in June.
To ensure the integrity of the electronic process, a third-party election management firm was selected by the Credentials and Election Committee. Made up of members from across the cooperative’s service area, this committee is responsible for ensuring elections are properly conducted and certifying director election results.
One advantage of being served by a cooperative is the right to elect peers — other members — to serve on the board of directors to lead and guide their cooperative. The option to vote electronically, by mail, or in person at the annual meeting is designed to provide a better opportunity for more members to take part in this democratic process.
Corporate Documents
Bylaws / (updated 08/28/25) / Redline
Service Rules and Regulations / (updated 08/28/25) / Redline
Statement of Nondiscrimination
AUDITED FINANCIALS
2023-2024 Blue Ridge EMC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Statements
(Subsidiaries include: Blue Ridge Energies, LLC, and RidgeLink, LLC)
2023-2024 Blue Ridge Electric Members Foundation, Inc. Financial Statements
Conflict of Interest Policies – Procurement and Contract Administration
Cooperative Form 990 * Members Foundation Form 990 *
*Historical forms can be found on Guidestar.com.
Cooperative Principles
Voluntary and Open Membership
Cooperatives are voluntary organizations, open to all persons able to use their services and willing to accept the responsibilities of membership.
Democratic Member Control
Cooperatives are democratic organizations controlled by their members, who actively participate in setting policies and making decisions. The elected representatives are accountable to the membership.
Members’ Economic Participation
Members contribute equally to, and democratically control the capital of their cooperative. At least part of that capital is usually the common property of the cooperative.
Autonomy and Independence
Cooperatives are autonomous, self-help organizations controlled by their members. If they enter into agreements with other organizations, including governments, or raise capital from external sources, they do so on terms that ensure democratic control by their members and maintain their cooperative autonomy.
Education, Training and Information
Cooperatives provide education and training for their members, elected representatives, managers, and employees so they can contribute effectively to the development of their cooperatives. They inform the general public, particularly young people and opinion leaders, about the nature and benefits of cooperation.
Cooperation Among Cooperatives
Cooperatives serve their members most effectively and strengthen the cooperative movement by working together through local, national, regional and international structures.
Concern for Community
While focusing on member needs, cooperatives work for the sustainable development of their communities through policies accepted by their members.
Our Guiding Purpose, Vision and Core Values
Guiding Purpose:
Making Life Better
Vision:
Be the Best
Core Values:
Honesty and Integrity
Exceptional Member Service
Commitment to Safety of All Employees/Environmental Stewardship
Excellent Reputation
Respect and Appreciation for Employees
Commitment to Community and Cooperative Principles
________________________________________________________________________________
Statement on Social Responsibility

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/company/brighter-future

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Powering a Brighter Future
From the time we were formed by local community members, Blue Ridge Energy has been committed to building a Brighter Future for the people, businesses and communities we serve. Our original mission was to bring electricity and new opportunity to our region, and it has since expanded to include the pursuit of new energy solutions, community enrichment and economic development initiatives that provide us new ways to deliver value to our members.
Looking to the decade ahead and beyond, we remain focused on providing you electricity that is reliable, affordable and environmentally responsible. To achieve this low-cost, low-carbon future, Blue Ridge Energy is working with the state’s other electric cooperatives to reach significant carbon reduction goals, targeting a 50 percent drop in carbon emissions from our 2005 levels by 2030, and net zero carbon emissions by 2050. To meet these sustainability goals while upholding our commitments to reliability and affordability, our efforts will be focused in areas that make the electric grid more flexible, efficient, resilient and capable of supporting new energy solutions and the vitality of our communities.
Our commitment to providing members with the lowest cost electricity possible remains strong as we explore and utilize new technologies such as solar energy, battery storage, smart thermostats and electric vehicle charging stations to balance supply and demand on the electric system. We’re also excited about plans to install a utility-scale solar facility to generate and feed solar energy into the grid for the benefit of our members. Once constructed, this system will produce more than 19 million kWh annually that will help control wholesale power costs to keep rates stable.
In addition to powering our communities, we are also contributing to a Brighter Future by empowering those we serve. Concern for community is a hallmark of the cooperative difference, and our commitment to community support has been amplified by the unprecedented circumstances of the past few months. We want to make sure that our communities have the strength to succeed no matter the challenges we face, which is why we continue to offer our “In This Together” COVID-19 relief fund and invest in education grants, scholarships, Rural Economic Development grants and loans in partnership with the US Dept. of Agriculture, and other efforts aimed at improving the daily lives of our members. Because we are located in and belong to the communities we serve, we understand local needs firsthand and remain driven to make a real difference, now and in the years to come.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/company/AM

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Annual Meeting
The 2025 annual meeting for Blue Ridge Electric Membership Corporation was held on Thursday, June 26, 2025 at 4:00 P.M. at the corporate office located in Lenoir - 1216 Blowing Rock Blvd.
Watch the 2025 Annual Meeting Recording Below.
2025 Election Results
Over 5,900 members voted in this year’s director elections, thanks to convenient options of voting by mail or internet. Members could also vote at the cooperative’s corporate office in Lenoir during the annual meeting held June 26th.
Directors elected to serve three-year terms were: Jeff Joines, Caldwell district; James Burl (J.B.) Lawrence, Watauga district; Douglas Spell, Ashe district; and Bryan Edwards, Alleghany district.
At their regular June meeting, your Board of Directors elected the following board officers: Jeff Joines, president; Johnny Wishon, vice president; Kelly Melton, secretary-treasurer; and J.B. Lawrence, assistant secretary-treasurer.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/community/leadership-track

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Leadership Track
What is the
Blue Ridge Energy Leadership Track?
The Blue Ridge Energy Leadership Track is an innovative program for high school students that encourages leadership development, resume building and college preparedness. The Leadership Track is a self-paced point system that allows motivated students to compete for various leadership awards including all-expense paid leadership camp experiences, workshops and possible college scholarships.
Start : Opportunities for Freshmen, Sophomores and Juniors
- Participants can begin their Leadership Track journey as freshmen or sophomores and can earn points for all-expense paid trips to the Broyhill Leadership Conference, the Cooperative Youth Camp, the Washington Youth Tour and collect rewards along the way such as t-shirts and other incentives, and workshop opportunities.
-
Leadership Track students continue to compete for leadership opportunities and workshops specifically targeted to the college application process are offered.
- Students will also have opportunities to attend resume enhancement and interview skills training and College Bound Essentials workshops.
Finish : Opportunities for Seniors
-
Seniors continuing on the Leadership Track will be eligible to become Blue Ridge Energy Ambassadors and serve on a district youth Member Advisory Committee. Seniors are also eligible to apply for one of eight $4,000 Leadership Track scholarships.
» FAQs
» Incentives
» Point Information
» Inspiration!
» Calendar and Dates
» Useful Links
» Youth Tour
Forms and Documents
» Point Menu
» Point Log
» 50 Ways to Earn Points
Frequently Asked Questions
Students can put in any amount of time to the Leadership Track that they choose. Many of the options to earn points are activities and extracurriculars that students would be participating in anyway. Now, you just have the chance to get rewarded for it.
All fees for camps, conferences, and activities offered as point rewards through the Leadership Track will be paid by Blue Ridge Energy. Some workshops may require a nominal fee.
We ask that you update your points frequently, mainly so you won’t forget activities you have completed. This is also a great practice for updating your resume. Students are responsible for their point updates, so you can add points at your own pace. The most successful Leadership Track students are updating their logs monthly.
We know you are busy so you may receive reminder texts or e-mails. But remember, being a leader, you will be responsible for your own point tracking.
Click here for the application, or you may obtain one through your counselor. Currently, the application requires two short essays and two references (1 peer, 1 adult).
Yes. Currently all that apply will be accepted. However, the amount of Leadership Track students per grade level may be capped in the future. Inactive students may also be removed from the Leadership Track.
Blue Ridge Energy has a long history of helping our members and communities. Educational opportunities and scholarships have been part of our commitment to our communities for over 50 years.
The Leadership Track is an opportunity for Blue Ridge Energy to help more students and develop future leaders. We want our local students to succeed!
“Cool Stuff”
Being an active member of the Blue Ridge Energy Leadership Track includes lots of “cool stuff” like t-shirts, planners, and stuff most high school students like or need.
Special Opportunities
For those who demonstrate great leadership and log the most points, the rewards are all expense paid leadership camps, college-ready workshops and perhaps a $4,000 scholarship.
How to earn points:
Leadership Track students can earn points by simply doing what they can to build their college resume. If you put it in your resume, it is good for earning points. But there are many more ways to earn points. Points.
- Leadership Development—what are you doing that demonstrates your leadership ability? This is often school, sports, club related activities.
- Community Involvement—what are you doing to make your community better? This is often volunteer work in your community, church, etc….
- Program Promotion—what are you doing to help get your peers involved in the Leadership Track. We need all the help we can get.
Please see the document 50 Ways to Earn Points to see all the different ways to be involved. Your ideas and suggestions are welcome too and will show your leadership abilities (i.e. Points!)
How to monitor and submit points:
Update and submit points as often as possible! We will send periodic reminders, but it is your responsibility to keep this information up to date.
Forms and Documents
How about some INSPIRATION!
Quotes and Testimonials:
“I have traveled all across the states and even the world providing college consulting with students and I have never seen a company embrace leadership development like Blue Ridge Energy. The Leadership track is truly visionary.” – Elizabeth Hartley, renowned founder of Scholarship Gold Consulting, author, and frequent scholarship judge.
“Our students need more opportunities to build an effective resume and also develop the skills to apply for colleges and scholarships. The Blue Ridge Energy Leadership Track is a great opportunity and they are making it fun.” – Dr. Steve Stone, superintendent, Caldwell County Schools
“The Leadership Track is an opportunity for many of our students to gain leadership training they may not otherwise afford or even know about. I think it is a valuable addition to our community.” – Linda Hall, guidance counselor, Alleghany High School
“The Co-op Leadership Camp was awesome! Collin had a fantastic time and now gets to go to NICE at VA Tech. I am overwhelmed by the opportunities available to him by participating with the Leadership Track. I know he is very excited. Thanks again for your support and help.” – Barbara Linnville, Leadership Track Parent
“Working on developing the Leadership Track has been one of the most exciting and humbling experiences I have had. I started out as a Youth Tour Participant in 2013 and worked my way up to become the youngest intern Blue Ridge Energy has ever had during the summers of 2015 and 2016. Through the help of my cooperative I learned not only valuable lessons on leadership and public speaking, but I also realized how important it is to give back to your community. Because of how helpful Blue Ridge was to me throughout my high school experience, I wanted to encourage other students to take advantage of all the opportunities the Leadership Track has to offer. I think my story really shows how powerful this program is for students and how truly passionate Blue Ridge is about their youth members.” – Nicole Fox, Founding member of the Leadership Track, Youth Tour Winner 2013, Junior at East Carolina University
"N.C. Youth Tour was an amazing experience, one I wouldn't trade for the world. I met so many great people and loved getting to know more about them and the different co-ops and areas they were from. Throughout the week, I loved going through all of the museums and monuments. When we visited Capitol Hill, I was honored to meet my congress representative, Mrs. Virginia Foxx, and hear her speak and have the opportunity to ask her questions. Overall, youth tour is a great opportunity offered by generous co-ops and is well worth the investment. This experience strengthened my leadership and public speaking skills and allowed me to make friends across the nation and broadened my views of the world around me.” – Gracie Greene, 2016 Youth Tour Representative
Note: Gracie competed for and won a public speaking contest. She received a $2,000 scholarship as well as a $4,000 Leadership Track scholarship to attend Appalachian State University.
Gracie represented all North Carolina electric cooperatives on all-expense paid trips to Washington, DC, and San Diego, CA.
Event Calendar and Important Dates
Important dates and opportunities will be texted to participating Leadership Track students.
Some special opportunities to watch for will be the call for applications to:
- the Washington Youth Tour typically due at the end of December;
- Broyhill Leadership Conferences, typically due in early spring;
- and various workshops for resume development, college bound essentials and college application essay writing tips, throughout the year.
Useful Links
CollegeBoard
Source for connecting students to college opportunity/success.
American Library Association
A collection of great sites for students.
www.TakeSAT.com
Free study material for students taking SAT1.
www.ACT.org
Information about the ACT college entrance test, as well as resources to assist students and parents with preparing for college.
What college admissions officers say they want in a candidate
Homework Help
Tutor.com
Live Homework Help, subscription service.
Are you interested or have questions about the Leadership Track program?
Contact: Tasha Rountree, Director of Community Relations

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/residential/products-services/propane-fuels

Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/residential/products-services/appliances

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Appliances
LEARNING CENTER
Have questions? The Learning Center is here to help you make more informed decisions about your appliance purchases.
HOT RIGHT NOW
Price Range:
$$
Price Range:
$$
Starting at $1289.99
Price Range:
$
Starting at $704.99
Price Range:
$
Starting at $1368.99
WHY BUY FROM
BLUE RIDGE ENERGY
-
Quality products on display at local showrooms
-
Knowledgeable, friendly customer service specialists to assist you in selecting the right products
-
Full-service installation and repair
-
Warranty support
-
Local company with local priorities
VISIT A LOCAL SHOWROOM
Stop by weekdays from 8:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
Prefer a scheduled appointment? Click here

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/residential/products-services

Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/residential/products-services/electric

Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/residential/products-services/electric/update-information

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Please always let us know if your telephone number or address changes so that we can provide you with the best member service! This also helps ensure you receive any annual capital credits funds as they're retired.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/residential/products-services/electric/outdoor-lighting

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Outdoor Lighting
We offer a variety of standard and decorative outdoor lighting fixtures to protect and enhance your home. We also install and maintain all styles we carry to provide a worry-free outdoor lighting for a low monthly fee*. Fiberglass or steel poles, non-standard pole lengths, and other light types are available for an additional monthly fee.
Complete our service/installation request application and we will contact you to further discuss options and pricing.
*A 3-year service agreement is required on new installation of non-standard security lights.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.blueridgeenergy.com/residential/products-services/electric/request-usage-history

Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://blueridgeenergy.com/company/subsidiaries

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Blue Ridge Energy, LLC, a subsidiary company of Blue Ridge Energy, provides propane, heating fuels, and gas heating appliances to a growing territory from showrooms and offices in Lenoir, Boone, West Jefferson, Sparta and Morganton, North Carolina. We also serve Independence, VA, from our Sparta location.
Catawba County residents can also purchase propane from Blue Ridge Energy by calling 800-726-0405.
Galax County residents can purchase propane from Blue Ridge Energy by calling 276-773-9113.
Visit any of our Blue Ridge Energy offices and showrooms.
RidgeLink, LLC, is a limited liability company formed to help Blue Ridge Energy provide value to its membership by more fully utilizing the fiber optic system the cooperative has put in place for its electric system. RidgeLink provides broadband and telecommunication services to other businesses that provide end-use internet access services.
RidgeLink has been granted a certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity by the North Carolina Utilities Commission to serve as a Competitive Local Provider (CLP).
For more information, please contact Jason Smith, Chief Operating Officer, at 800-451-5474.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://blueridgeenergy.com/company

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Company
Blue Ridge Energy is proud to be part of the Touchstone Energy network of cooperatives providing electricity and related services to over 15 million members across the nation.
Touchstone Energy is a national alliance of local, consumer-owned electric cooperatives providing high standards of service to customers large and small. More than 600 Touchstone Energy cooperatives in 44 states are delivering energy and energy solutions to more than 17 million customers every day. Touchstone Energy cooperatives serve their members with integrity, accountability, innovation and a longstanding commitment to communities.
Touchstone Energy cooperatives are local, active members of their communities dedicated to serving commercial, industrial, agricultural and residential customers with integrity, accountability, innovation and commitment to community.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://blueridgeenergy.com/company/history

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Your Cooperative History
Blue Ridge Electric Membership Corporation has come a long way since 1936 when the cooperative's power lines were energized to light up the landscapes of our beautiful rural northwest North Carolina counties.
Life in the days before the late 1930's was dark and filled with manual labor from dawn to dusk for rural folks. While electricity had come to many towns and cities, it remained elusive in more distant areas because existing utilities found it unprofitable to bring it to rural areas.
Little did we know in 1935 that life would soon change for areas like ours when President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed into creation the Rural Electrification Administration (REA). This action recognized that support was needed to help rural areas become electrified. But it was the self-sufficient, enterprising residents of rural areas who worked together—many by the sweat of their brows—to form cooperatives and bring electricity to their homes, schools, churches, farms and businesses.
How people formed their cooperatives and brought electricity to rural areas is one of the nation's greatest examples of economic democracy. Men and women petitioned, educated and organized to bring power to their communities. They drew lines on rough paper maps and secured signatures for sign-ups. They obtained pledges of land for the paths of the lines so the cooperative could build powerlines to serve them and their neighbors. Line crews, often aided by eager members in the community, cleared rights-of-way and dug holes, while others followed with poles and hardware. Last came the crews to hang the line.
The official "birth" of Blue Ridge Electric was recorded on September 19, 1936. It was that day a small group of farmers met with G. F. Messick in the jury room of the Caldwell County Courthouse to organize what was then called Caldwell County Electric Membership Corporation. This same year, the movement for cooperative rural electrification was in such high demand all across the country that Congress passed legislation making the REA permanent with provisions for cooperatives.
By 1938, Blue Ridge Electric began serving its first members under the name of Caldwell Mutual Corporation: 155 homes, six stores, four churches and a few schools in Caldwell County. Later that year, Watauga County was energized by the cooperative and by the following year, Alleghany County saw its first wondrous glow of lights. Two years later, the cooperative rechartered under the name Blue Ridge Electric Membership Corporation which now serves some 77,831 meters over approximately 1,525 square miles.
In March 1998, Blue Ridge made the decision to purchase Beall Oil Company enabling us to establish our first “for- profit” subsidiary - Blue Ridge Energies, LLC. This Limited Liability Corporation (LLC) provides propane, heating fuels, and heating appliances to a growing territory from showrooms and offices in Lenoir, Boone, West Jefferson, Sparta, and Morganton, North Carolina.
A second for-profit subsidiary, RidgeLink, LLC, was established in October 2008. RidgeLink was formed to help Blue Ridge Electric provide value to its membership by more fully utilizing the fiber optic system the cooperative has put in place for its electric system. The company provides broadband and telecommunication services to other businesses that provide end-use internet access services.
Because the energy landscape is evolving and new technologies are becoming available, our consumers need an energy company that can help them understand how these exciting new energy solutions fit into their lives. To do that, Blue Ridge Electric Membership Corporation made some fundamental changes in October 2016. The first change was our new name—Blue Ridge Energy—as our cooperative and propane and fuels subsidiary began operating under one brand.
The new Blue Ridge Energy is your complete source for innovative energy solutions, encompassing both your member-owned electric cooperative and our propane and fuels subsidiary. We’re expanding our offerings to give you more ways to improve your life and as the energy landscape evolves, we’ll help you understand how new technologies and solutions can best serve you. As always, we’re here as your trusted energy advisor and to make life better for those we serve!
Today, this cooperative still provides essential power to an evergrowing Northwestern North Carolina. While we have progressed and continue to prepare for the future, Blue Ridge Energy remains committed today to the same principles upon which cooperatives were founded. Owned by the members we serve, we are a local business formed to provide affordable access to electricity. We return any margins in the form of capital credits to our members, and the cooperative is governed by a board of directors elected by the membership. The mission is to provide reliable and affordable electricity and energy services. Our guiding purpose is to be a major shaper of the future in our area which results in people achieving new levels of economic prosperity. That's the higher calling of an electric cooperative like Blue Ridge Energy. And that's why we're proud to be a part of all the communities we serve.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://blueridgeenergy.com/company/key-contacts

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Blue Ridge Energy
1216 Blowing Rock Blvd. NE
PO Box 112, Lenoir, NC 28645
Phone: (828) 758-2383
Fax: (828) 758-2699
Toll Free: 1-800-451-5474
| Alleghany District: (336-372-4646) | Ext. |
| District Manager | 4419 |
| Operations/Outside Crews Manager | 4419 |
| Propane and Fuels Manager | 4660 |
| Ashe District: (336-846-7138) | Ext. |
| District Manager | 4345 |
| Operations/Outside Crews Manager | 4319 |
| Propane and Fuels Manager | 4660 |
| Caldwell District: (828-754-9071) | Ext. |
| District Manager | 4129 |
| Operations/Outside Crews Manager | 4137 |
| Propane and Fuels Manager | 4682 |
| Watauga District: (828-264-8894) | Ext. |
| District Manager | 4221 |
| Operations/Outside Crews Manager | 4219 |
| Propane and Fuels Manager | 4228 |
| Morganton | Ext. |
| Propane and Fuels Manager | 4682 |
| Grayson, VA | Ext. |
| Propane and Fuels Manager | 4660 |
Staff Directors
Mike Kincaid
Director of Operations
ext. 3217
Kevin Norris
Director of Purchasing and Facilities
ext. 3234
Mike High
Director Engineering Services
ext. 3228
Renee Walker
Director of Public Relations
ext. 3213
Jason Lingle
Director of Energy Solutions
ext. 3276
Tasha Rountree
Director Community Relations
ext. 3294
Jon Jacob
Director of Marketing
ext. 3256

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://blueridgeenergy.com/company/senior-staff

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
KATIE WOODLE
Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer
Blue Ridge Energy, 2012 - Present
Chief Executive Officer, April 2025 - Present
Chief Financial Officer, 2012- March 2025
Subsidiaries:
- Blue Ridge Energies, LLC
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer - RidgeLink, LLC
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Board of Directors, CCC&TI, 2025-present
Advisory Board, Appalachian State University, College of Health Sciences, 2015- former
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Appalachian State University, 2005
Master of Science in Accounting, Appalachian State University, 2006
AMY CROWDER
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Blue Ridge Energy, 2004 - Present
Chief Financial Officer, April 2025 - Present
Subsidiaries:
- Blue Ridge Energy, LLC
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer - RidgeLink, LLC
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Certified Public Accountant (CPA)
Cooperative Financial Professional Certificate (CFPC)
Member, North Carolina Association of Certified Public Accountants (NCACPA) and the National Society of Accountants for Cooperatives (NSAC)
Bachelor of Science in Accounting, Queens University
ALAN MERCK
Senior Vice President, Electric Services Group and Chief Operating Officer
Blue Ridge Energy, 2012 - Present
Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, 2018 - Present
Oversees system operations, electric plant, reliability, engineering, member and customer service, economic development, public relations, energy solutions, marketing and community relations
40 years of electric utility experience, with 29 years at Duke Energy in roles including transmission/substation design and construction, system operations, bulk power trading and wholesale power contract management
Executive Committee and Board, Caldwell County Economic Development Commission
Bachelor of Science in Business Management and Associates Degree in Electric Engineering
CRYSTAL SPENCER
Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative and Ethics Officer
Blue Ridge Energy, 2018 - Present
SVP and Chief Administrative Officer, June 2025 – Present
Oversees strategic planning, governance and policies, human resources, employee development and safety for the cooperative and its subsidiaries
Society of Human Resources Management Certified Professional
Carolinas Emerging Energy Leaders, 2023
NRECA’s Robert I. Kabat Management Internship Program, University of Wisconsin-Madison School of Business, 2020
BA, Gardner-Webb University, 1998
MA, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2000
JASON SMITH
Senior Vice President and Chief Communications Officer
Blue Ridge Energy, 2015 – present
Vice Chairman and Chief Operational Officer, RidgeLink, LLC
Management Internship Program (Select), University of Wisconsin-Madison School of Business, 2019
Gettysburg Leadership Experience 2021
12-year USAF and USAF Reserve Veteran
Utilities Telecom Council (UTC) Fiber Subcommittee Chaiman
Caldwell Community College & Technical Institute Advisory Committee Member for Electronic Engineering Technologies
Extensive military communication technology and leadership training
FCC Ground Radiotelephone Operator License with Radar Endorsement
Studied Industrial Technology at Greenville Technical College
Responsibilities - Manages the communication technology strategy for both the cooperative and RidgeLink, LLC, overseeing a vast network infrastructure spanning over 700 miles, as well as cell, microwave, SCADA and radio communication systems for IT, operations, and engineering. Develops cost sharing strategies through RidgeLink to positively impact the rates of Blue Ridge Electric members. Provides relational and contractual oversight for all RidgeLink agreements, and contract negotiations.
GLENDA CHRISTIAN
Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Blue Ridge Energy, LLC
Blue Ridge Energy, 1994 - present
Chief Operating Officer, 2005 - Present
Board of Directors for the Hickory - Catawba Valley Homebuilders Association, 2002-2004
Vice President, Hickory - Catawba Valley Homebuilders Association, 2004
Past Chairperson for the Hickory - Catawba Valley Homebuilders Association Builders Fair, Today's Carolina Homeshow, and Parade of Homes Committee member
Associate of the Year, Hickory - Catawba Valley Homebuilders Association, 2002
National Association of Homebuilders - Life Spike Award member
National Association of Home Builders Remodelers member, 2008-2009
Dealers LP certified in Bulk Plant Compliance, Tank Installation and Cathodic Protection, 2012
Rego Products internal valve certification, 2012
Board of Directors, Lenoir Little League Association, 2000-2007
Kepner-Tregoe Management Certified, 2005
Graduate of the Blue Ridge Advanced Leadership Training and Blue Ridge Leadership Institute
Bachelor of Science Degree, Appalachian State University, 1986
Continuing Education, Business Law, Central Carolina Community College, 1988
Tanner Greer
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
Blue Ridge Energy, 2009 – present
Chief Technology Officer, 2021 – Present
Oversees technology for the cooperative and its subsidiaries, including systems, support, cybersecurity, application development and overall technology strategy.
Management Internship Program (Select), University of Wisconsin-Madison School of Business, 2018
Board Member, Caldwell County Wig Bank, 2020-Present
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Appalachian State University, 2008

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://blueridgeenergy.com/company/board-governance

To report an outage, call
1-800-448-2383
Board & Governance
As a cooperative business, Blue Ridge Electric Membership Corporation exists to benefit our members and we strive to operate in their best interests.
In this section, you'll find important information about your Board of Directors: fellow members you elect to represent you. You'll also find governance documents, policies and other information that helps fairly and responsibly guide the cooperative. We encourage you to review these resources to help you learn more about how a cooperative is structured to benefit its members.
Representation by District:
Caldwell District
Watauga District
Ashe District
Alleghany District
Director Jeff Joines
Caldwell District
Current Occupation: Retired Judicial Division Administrator of
North Carolina Department of Correction
Membership Residence: Lenoir, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Blue Ridge Board member since 1998
Past Chairman, member of the Corporate Officers Group since 2002
Board President, September 2018 to present
Successfully completed all director training: Certified Cooperative Director, Board Leadership Certificate, Director Gold Certification
Past President, current board member, North Carolina Association of Electric Cooperatives, 2007 to present
Ex-officio member of all Blue Ridge Energy Committees
Past Chairman, Caldwell Member Advisory Committee
Charter Member, Past President, Caldwell County Rotary Club, 1982 to present
Paul Harris Fellow, Rotary’s Highest Honor
Chairman Emeritus, Caldwell County Sports Hall of Fame Committee
Inducted into NC American Legion Baseball Hall of Fame, 1997
Inducted in Caldwell County Sports Hall of Fame, 1998
Recipient of the Long Leaf Pine, North Carolina’s Highest Civilian honor, 2007
Graduate, Appalachian State University, BS in History, 1973
Director John F. Wishon, Jr. (Johnny)
Alleghany District
Current Occupation: Owner, Wishon Evergreens Wholesale Christmas Tree and Greenery Operation
Membership Residence: Sparta, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Owner, Wishon Evergreens Wholesale Christmas Tree and Greenery Operation
Former Agriculture Education Teacher/Future Farmers of America Advisor, Alleghany High School
Former Real Estate Broker
Member, Alleghany Member Advisory Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
President, Alleghany County Farm Bureau
Board member, Chair of Long Range Planning Committee, former President and past Chair of Research Committee, NC Christmas Tree Association
Board member and past President, Alleghany Christmas Tree Association
Chair of Church Council, Mission Team member, Church Liturgist, former Trustees Chair, and member, Sparta United Methodist Church
Cub Scout Leader and Coach for youth baseball and basketball
Graduate, North Carolina State University, BS Agriculture Education
Director Kelly Melton
Caldwell District
Current Occupation: Finance Officer, Town of Sawmills
Membership Residence: Lenoir, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Former Chief Financial Officer, West Caldwell Health Council Inc.
Chairperson, Caldwell County Habitat for Humanity Family Selection Committee
Former Treasurer, Collettsville School Parent Teacher Organization (PTO)
Member, Treasurer and former Sunday School teacher and Vacation Bible School Director, Mulvale Baptist Church
Former Branch Manager, Bank of Granite (now First Horizon Bank)
Former Branch Manager, Wachovia Bank (now Wells Fargo)
Member, The Education Foundation Inc. of Caldwell County
Former member, Vice Chair and Chairperson, Blue Ridge Electric Member Advisory Committee
Former member, Blue Ridge Electric Members Foundation
Former Board member/Vice Chair, Caldwell Friends, Inc.
Former mentor, Communities in School
Graduate, Appalachian State University, Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
Director James Burl (J.B.) Lawrence
Watauga District
Current Occupation: Licensed Real Estate Broker, Allen Tate Realtors
Membership Residence: Blowing Rock, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Blue Ridge Electric Board since 2002
Board Leadership Certification
Credentialed Cooperative Director
Chair, Finance and Rates Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Past Chair, Transparency and Voting Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Former Mayor, Town of Blowing Rock
Executive Board Member, High Country Council of Governments
Member, Blowing Rock Rotary Club
Member, Blowing Rock Chamber of Commerce Economic Development Committee
Former Councilman, Blowing Rock Town Council
Former Member, Blowing Rock Rescue Squad
Former Member, Blowing Rock Volunteer Fire Dept.
Retired from First Citizens Bank
Attended Appalachian State University
Director David Eggers
Caldwell District
Current Occupation: Retired
Membership Residence: Lenoir, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Blue Ridge Electric Board since 2002
Assistant Secretary-Treasurer, Board of Directors, Blue Ridge Electric
Credentialed Cooperative Director
Board Leadership Certification
Former Chairman, Policy and Member Relations Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Member, Compensation Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Former Member, Caldwell Member Advisory Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Past Board President, 4 years, Tarheel Electric Membership Corporation
Volunteer, Caldwell Hospice and Palliative Care
Board Member, Caldwell County Education Foundation
Retired Principal, Caldwell County Schools
Bachelor’s, Master’s and EDS degrees, Appalachian State University
Director Angie Miller
Watauga District
Current Occupation: Deputy Human Resources Director, Appalachian State University
Membership Residence: Boone, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Human Resources, Appalachian State University, 22 years
Member, Credentials and Election Committee, Blue Ridge Electric, 2014
Member, Member Advisory Committee, Blue Ridge Electric, 2012 - 2017
Credentialed Cooperative Director, 2023
Member, State Employees’ Credit Union Advisory Board
President, Watauga County Firefighters’ Burned Children’s Fund, 2008 - 2012
Counselor, Hope Pregnancy Resource Center, 1994 - 1997
Blowing Rock Fire & Rescue, 1990-2010; recipient of the Meritorious Service Award, 2005 and 2008
Pianist, Laurel Fork Baptist Church
Graduate, Caldwell Community College, Associates Degree in Business Administration
Director Kelvin Gryder
Watauga District
Current Occupation: Owner/Operator, Gryder Technical
Membership Residence: Boone, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Owner/Operator of Gryder Technical since 1998 — an independent engineering consulting and technical sales firm providing specialized consulting services and technical representation across various industries.
Past Member and recent Chair, Blue Ridge Energy Member Advisory Committee (MAC), 2020-2025
Past member, Credentials and Election Committee, Blue Ridge Energy
Past member, Nominating Committee, Blue Ridge Energy
Member and Elder, and former Deacon and Clerk of Session, First Presbyterian Church, Boone
Volunteer, Disaster Relief missions, First Presbyterian Church
Graduate, Watauga High School
Graduate, UNC-Charlotte, Bachelor of Science in Engineering
Professional Engineering Certificate, 1986
Director David Boone
Ashe District
Current Occupation: President/Owner of Boone Family Funeral Home
Membership Residence: West Jefferson, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Appointed to Blue Ridge Electric Board, 2007
Served on Transparency and Voting Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Ashe Facilities Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Policy and Member Relations Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Graduate, East Tennessee State University
Graduate, Cincinnati College of Mortuary Science
Licensed, Funeral Director and Embalmer
Licensed, Life Insurance Agent
Former Director, N.C. Cemetery Association
Member, Ashe Masonic Lodge, Ashe Shrine Club, and Oasis Shrine
Owner, Boone Family Funeral Home and Cremation Services, West Jefferson
Director Cindy Price
Ashe District
Current Occupation: Retired Educator
Membership Residence: Warrensville, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Appointed to Blue Ridge Electric Board, 2018
Member, Policy and Member Relations Committee
Ashe Key Director
Former Ashe Representative, Blue Ridge Nominating Committee
North Carolina Character Educator of the Year (Awarded by Duke University Kenan Institute of Ethics), 2001
Fellow, North Carolina Educational Policy Fellowship Program, 2013
Board of Directors, North Carolina Association of Elementary Education
Region 7 Director, North Carolina Association of Compensatory Education (Federal Programs)
The Coordinating Council for Appalachian State University Public School Partnership, Member
Member of the Pastor Parish Relations Committee, Clifton United Methodist Church
NC Guardian Ad Litem
Director Douglas Spell
Ashe District
Current Occupation: Retired, Sr. Project Manager for James R. Vannoy & Sons Construction Co., Inc.
Membership Residence: West Jefferson, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Registered Professional Engineer, North Carolina
Bachelor of Science, North Carolina State University; Master’s in Public Affairs, Western Carolina University
24 years experience in local government as a City Manager, Assistant City Manager, and City Engineer with experience in electric utility service
Board of Deacons and Member, First Baptist Church of West Jefferson
Nominated as outstanding volunteer, 40th Annual Ashe County Volunteer Awards Ceremony (April 2025)
Volunteer, Woodchucks Wood Ministry, providing firewood to families in need as a part of First Baptist Church, West Jefferson
Volunteer, Compassionate Commissary/Musicians Mission of Mercy providing food boxes to families in need
Volunteer, Wilkes Community College, annual Merlefest Festival
Past President and Former Member, Rotary Club of the Jeffersons
Past Chairman, Ashe County Sports Hall of Fame
Former Chairman and Member, Ashe County High School Athletic Booster Club
Former Head Coach, YBOA/Travel Basketball for Ashe County High School Girls Basketball Team (Coached Girl’s Team from 5th grade through Varsity Level)
Director Bryan Lee Edwards
Alleghany District
Current Occupation: President, Alleghany Chamber for Economic Development
Town Manager of Sparta (retired 2020)
Membership Residence: Sparta, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Blue Ridge Electric Board since 2007
Board Leadership Certification
Credentialed Cooperative Director
Member, Compensation Committee, Blue Ridge Electric
Former Logistics Clerk, United States Army
Attended North Carolina Institute of Government
Director, Grayson National Bank
Treasurer, Alleghany County Economic Development Commission
Past Member, Region D Development Corporation
Chairman, Virginia/Carolina Water Authority
Member, Blue Ridge Business Development Center
Member, Alleghany Group Homes, Inc.
Past President, Alleghany County Chamber of Commerce
Past Member, Alleghany Community Foundation
Graduate, Appalachian State University and Alleghany High School
Director Mitch Franklin
Alleghany District
Current Occupation: Director, New River Cottage, Inc.
Membership Residence: Sparta, North Carolina
Biographical Information:
Member, Alleghany County Economic Development Committee
Former member, Alleghany County Board of Education
Former member, Blue Ridge Electric Members Foundation
Former member, Blue Ridge Electric Member Advisory Committee
Former Director, site development, Lowe’s Companies, Inc., 23 years
Former President and member, Alleghany Wrestling Club
Member, First Baptist Church, Sparta
Former member, Alleghany Wellness Center Board
Coach for youth, middle school and high school wrestling
Graduate, Appalachian State University, Bachelor of Science in Industrial Technology
More Information:
Elections and Voting
WAYS TO VOTE FOR YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS
VOTE ELECTRONICALLY:
Members have the convenience of voting online to elect their board of directors.
While members may still attend and vote for directors at the Annual Membership Meeting or by mailed proxy, the electronic voting option is designed to provide a more convenient opportunity for members to be involved in their cooperative. With a service area stretching from the foothills into the mountains and across seven counties combined with busy family schedules, this option enables members who can’t attend the annual meeting to vote for their board of directors.
Members who chose to vote electronically will receive the Notice of Annual Meeting along with instructions relating to online voting in May of each year.
VOTE BY MAIL:
Members have the convenience of voting by mail to elect their board of directors.
Each year in May, the Notice of Annual Meeting and director election materials are mailed to all members, including information on candidates and a proxy form for members to make their selections. To vote by mail, the form must be signed by the member and returned in the enclosed postage-paid envelope by the date specified in the packet. The proxy must be mailed; it cannot be given to an employee or accepted at any Blue Ridge office.
While members may still attend and vote for directors at the Annual Membership Meeting, the vote-by-mail option is designed to provide a more convenient opportunity for members to be involved in their cooperative. With a service area stretching from the foothills into the mountains and across seven counties combined with busy family schedules, this option enables members who can’t attend the annual meeting to vote for their board of directors.
Look for more information about the vote-by-mail option in the director election materials mailing to each member in early May. Prefer to vote online? Follow the information on the top right corner of your copy of the election proxy for steps on how to do so.
VOTE AT YOUR ANNUAL MEETING:
As always, members may vote in person at their cooperative’s Annual Membership Meeting held each year in June.
To ensure the integrity of the electronic process, a third-party election management firm was selected by the Credentials and Election Committee. Made up of members from across the cooperative’s service area, this committee is responsible for ensuring elections are properly conducted and certifying director election results.
One advantage of being served by a cooperative is the right to elect peers — other members — to serve on the board of directors to lead and guide their cooperative. The option to vote electronically, by mail, or in person at the annual meeting is designed to provide a better opportunity for more members to take part in this democratic process.
Corporate Documents
Bylaws / (updated 08/28/25) / Redline
Service Rules and Regulations / (updated 08/28/25) / Redline
Statement of Nondiscrimination
AUDITED FINANCIALS
2023-2024 Blue Ridge EMC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Statements
(Subsidiaries include: Blue Ridge Energies, LLC, and RidgeLink, LLC)
2023-2024 Blue Ridge Electric Members Foundation, Inc. Financial Statements
Conflict of Interest Policies – Procurement and Contract Administration
Cooperative Form 990 * Members Foundation Form 990 *
*Historical forms can be found on Guidestar.com.
Cooperative Principles
Voluntary and Open Membership
Cooperatives are voluntary organizations, open to all persons able to use their services and willing to accept the responsibilities of membership.
Democratic Member Control
Cooperatives are democratic organizations controlled by their members, who actively participate in setting policies and making decisions. The elected representatives are accountable to the membership.
Members’ Economic Participation
Members contribute equally to, and democratically control the capital of their cooperative. At least part of that capital is usually the common property of the cooperative.
Autonomy and Independence
Cooperatives are autonomous, self-help organizations controlled by their members. If they enter into agreements with other organizations, including governments, or raise capital from external sources, they do so on terms that ensure democratic control by their members and maintain their cooperative autonomy.
Education, Training and Information
Cooperatives provide education and training for their members, elected representatives, managers, and employees so they can contribute effectively to the development of their cooperatives. They inform the general public, particularly young people and opinion leaders, about the nature and benefits of cooperation.
Cooperation Among Cooperatives
Cooperatives serve their members most effectively and strengthen the cooperative movement by working together through local, national, regional and international structures.
Concern for Community
While focusing on member needs, cooperatives work for the sustainable development of their communities through policies accepted by their members.
Our Guiding Purpose, Vision and Core Values
Guiding Purpose:
Making Life Better
Vision:
Be the Best
Core Values:
Honesty and Integrity
Exceptional Member Service
Commitment to Safety of All Employees/Environmental Stewardship
Excellent Reputation
Respect and Appreciation for Employees
Commitment to Community and Cooperative Principles
________________________________________________________________________________
Statement on Social Responsibility

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------