ROOT: https://semprainfrastructure.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:31:08.049675Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 24

================================================================================

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/

Sempra Infrastructure’s vision is to deliver energy for a better world. Through the combined strength of its assets in North America, the company is dedicated to helping enable the global energy transition. Its more than 2,300 employees develop, build and operate energy infrastructure that is expected to play a crucial role in the energy systems of the future, while prioritizing sustainability, innovation, world-class safety, championing people, resilient operations and social responsibility.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/who-we-are/about-sempra/

About Sempra
Building North America’s Premier Energy Infrastructure Company
Sempra is a leading North American energy infrastructure company focused on delivering energy to nearly 40 million consumers in the U.S., Mexico and global energy markets. Collectively, Sempra’s three growth platforms – Sempra California, Sempra Texas and Sempra Infrastructure – encompass one of the largest energy networks on the continent and are electrifying and improving the energy resilience of some of the world’s most significant economic markets.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/who-we-are/leadership-team/

Leadership Team
With a clear strategy and focused execution, our leadership team drives Sempra Infrastructure toward our mission to be North America’s leading energy infrastructure company.
At the forefront of the energy transition, we are dedicated to building the energy systems of the future.
We develop, build, operate and invest in North American infrastructure to power an evolving world.
We create sustainable value through world-class safety, championing people, resilient operations and enabling the global energy transition to a lower-carbon future.
Work with purpose and create value together with some of the best minds in the industry.
Stay informed and up-to-date on how we are enabling a safe, responsible, and reliable energy transition.
We create value for the shareholder by generating predictable, clear and sustainable results.
At the forefront of the energy transition, we are dedicated to building the energy systems of the future.
We develop, build, operate and invest in North American infrastructure to power an evolving world.
We create sustainable value through world-class safety, championing people, resilient operations and enabling the global energy transition to a lower-carbon future.
Work with purpose and create value together with some of the best minds in the industry.
Stay informed and up-to-date on how we are enabling a safe, responsible, and reliable energy transition.
We create value for the shareholder by generating predictable, clear and sustainable results.
With a clear strategy and focused execution, our leadership team drives Sempra Infrastructure toward our mission to be North America’s leading energy infrastructure company.
Justin Bird is chief executive officer of Sempra Infrastructure. In this role, Bird leads the company in its mission to become North America’s leading energy infrastructure company through three growth platforms: LNG, low carbon solutions and energy networks. He is also executive vice president of Sempra where he leads several corporate functions, including corporate development and financial planning. Bird has been with the company for more than 20 years and has served in a variety of leadership roles.
Tania Ortiz Mena is president of Sempra Infrastructure. In this role, Ortiz Mena leads the company’s three business lines in the US and Mexico: LNG, low carbon solutions, and energy networks. Previously, Ortiz Mena was CEO of IEnova, Sempra’s subsidiary in Mexico. Ortiz Mena also holds leadership roles in several binational business organizations and is member of the Board of the Mexican Stock Exchange. Ortiz Mena joined the Sempra family of companies in 2000.
Martin Hupka is president of the LNG business line at Sempra Infrastructure. He is responsible for executing our dual-coast LNG export strategy, through the development, construction and operation of our LNG infrastructure. Previously, Hupka served as senior vice president and chief commercial officer of Sempra Infrastructure, leading the consolidated marketing and commercial optimization functions. Hupka joined the Sempra family of companies in 2012.
Abraham Zamora is Sempra Infrastructure’s principal representative in Mexico, and is responsible for government, regulatory and public affairs. Additionally, as chief external affairs officer and chief sustainability officer, he oversees the company external affairs and sustainable business strategies in the US and Mexico. Zamora brings over 25 years of experience in public affairs, infrastructure development and financing, international relations and sustainability in both the public and private sectors. Zamora joined the Sempra family of companies in 2018.
Emily Shults is senior vice president and chief business officer for low carbon solutions at Sempra Infrastructure. She is responsible for the development, construction and operations of our lower carbon projects, including clean power, carbon capture and sequestration and e-natural gas. Shults has held several executive roles at the company, including LNG marketing, project development, internal audit and energy supply. Shults joined the Sempra family of companies in 2002.
Carlos Mauer is senior vice president and chief business officer for energy networks at Sempra Infrastructure. He is responsible for the development, construction and operations of natural gas transportation and distribution infrastructure and fuel storage terminals. Most recently, Mauer was chief financial officer of IEnova, Sempra’s subsidiary in Mexico. He has held various leadership positions related to Latin America operations throughout the Sempra family of companies Mauer joined the Sempra family of companies in 2002.
Faisel Khan is senior vice president and chief financial officer for Sempra Infrastructure. In this role, Khan oversees the company’s finance, accounting, information technology, cybersecurity and gas and power supply optimization functions. Previously, Khan was senior vice president of finance and investor relations for Sempra and was responsible for communications with the investment community while also providing oversight on Sempra’s risk management and treasury matters. Prior to joining the company, Khan spent 20 years working in the banking and financial markets industry. Khan joined the Sempra family of companies in 2018.
Julie Mayo is senior vice president and chief legal officer of Sempra Infrastructure. She is responsible for legal matters on behalf of Sempra Infrastructure, including compliance, risk, regulatory and corporate governance matters. Prior to joining Sempra Infrastructure, Mayo was a partner at a large international law firm. During her nearly 20 years in private practice, she served as a trusted legal advisor on some of the most significant energy transactions and projects around the world, with a specific focus on the LNG, oil and gas and electric power sectors. Mayo joined the Sempra family of companies in 2024.
Randall L. Clark is senior vice president and chief human resources officer for Sempra Infrastructure, where he is responsible for human resources and business services. Most recently, Clark was chief administrative officer and chief human resources officer for Sempra LNG. Clark joined the Sempra family of companies in 2000.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/who-we-are/

Building the energy systems of the future
Every day, our mission to be North America’s leading energy infrastructure company comes to life through our values of doing the right thing, championing people, and shaping the future. As energy leaders with purpose, we enable access to supplies of safe and sustainable energy that improves lives, inspires people, and unlocks possibilities everywhere.
We develop, build, operate and invest in the infrastructure critical to meet the world’s energy and climate needs. Our LNG facilities and development projects on the Pacific and Gulf Coasts of North America serve the energy diversification and energy transition ambitions of our customers. We use innovation to improve all aspects of our business and are advancing next generation technologies like carbon sequestration and clean hydrogen. With a focus on safe and reliable integration into North America’s power grids, we operate over more than 1,600 MW of power generation projects in Mexico, of which 1,044 MW are renewable. We are a leader in North American energy network infrastructure with more than 7,700 kms of natural gas transportation and distribution pipelines and a refined products terminal network under development and operation.
Our Values
Do the Right Thing
We are guided by our ethics, our focus on safety and our willingness to stand for what is right.
Shape the Future
We are forward thinkers who innovate and collaborate with stakeholders to make a positive difference.
Champion People
We invest in people and value diversity and inclusion because it elevates performance and helps us partner responsibly.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/who-we-are/how-we-work/

How We Work
Our company thrives when we provide every stakeholder with a clear sense of our purpose, where we are going, and how we create value together.
Our shared vision and values guide our mission and strategy. We live by our guiding principles and enlist all employees to execute our business with excellence.
By doing so, we create a high-performing culture where we are aligned in executing our strategy, living our values, and fulfilling our mission.
We believe that customer demand for energy will grow over the coming decades, and that our infrastructure in North America will play a key role in the global energy transition.
We focus on LNG, Low Carbon Solutions and Energy Networks infrastructure in North America that provides our shareholders with sustainable superior risk-adjusted returns.
Our Guiding Principles
Safety
We put the health, safety and security of our workforce, customers and communities at the center of everything we do.
People and Culture
We care about people and foster a culture that drives high performance.
Customer Focus
Customers choose us because of our focus on meeting their needs, our distinctive and cost-effective offers, our proven development capability and dependability.
Excellence
We commit to excellence, producing high-quality, reliable outcomes to meet our stakeholders’ objectives.
Partnerships
We build long-term relationships and strategic alliances that enable us to fulfill our mission.
Capital Efficiency
We prudently manage capital to make informed investments that fulfill our strategic objectives and meet our shareholder expectations.
Financial Performance, Risk & Compliance
We create shareholder value by producing sustainable, clear, predictable earnings and strong, risk-adjusted returns on capital.
Technology and Innovation
We embrace innovation and leverage technology aimed at achieving our business goals.
Sustainability
We create sustainable value through world class safety, championing people, resilient operations and enabling the energy transition to a lower carbon future.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/what-we-do/

Meeting the world’s energy needs
Providing North America and markets around the world with safe, sustainable and reliable access to cleaner energy.
Through disciplined and innovative processes, Sempra Infrastructure facilitates the energy transition by leading the responsible development of LNG, Low Carbon Solutions and Energy Networks. We develop, build, operate and invest in the infrastructure critical to meet the world’s energy and climate needs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/what-we-do/lng/

LNG
Our dual coast LNG export strategy to deliver sustainable natural gas to the world.
Cameron lng
One of the first liquefaction-export projects in the U.S., Cameron LNG supplies energy to the world.
ECA LNG
It will provide Asia and other Pacific Basin markets access to U.S. natural gas from North America’s Pacific Coast.
Port Arthur LNG
An LNG facility with direct access to the Gulf to serve customers in Europe and other markets.
Vista Pacifico LNG
LNG facility to be located in Topolobampo in the state of Sinaloa, Mexico, to serve Asian and other Pacific Basin markets.
What is LNG?
As a clean-burning alternative to coal, worldwide demand for natural gas is high and will continue to increase as we move toward a greener energy future.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/what-we-do/low-carbon-solutions/

Low Carbon Solutions
Helping meet the growing demand for cleaner energy by developing low carbon solutions.
We are focused on developing, constructing, and operating infrastructure to help meet the growing demand for cleaner electrons and molecules, through:
– An operating portfolio of more than 1,600 MW of wind, solar and a highly efficient natural gas-fired power plant
– Construction of a 319 MW wind project
– A growth portfolio of proposed projects to produce e-natural gas, store renewable energy, and sequester CO2
Growth Platform
Presently, Sempra Infrastructure’s Growth Platform includes:
– Construction of a 319 MW wind project
– A growth portfolio of proposed projects to produce e-natural gas, store renewable energy, and sequester CO2
Growth Platform
Cimarron
Tecate, Baja California
In Construction
Cimarron is a 319 MW wind farm using 64 wind turbines and is located in the Sierra de Juárez mountain range, in the municipality of Tecate, Baja California.
Hackberry Carbon Sequestration
Hackberry, Lousiana
Under Development
A proposed carbon capture storage facility, designed to sequester carbon dioxide (CO2) from Cameron LNG and potentially other industrial sources.
Titan Carbon Sequestration
Sabine Pass, Texas
Under Development
A proposed carbon capture storage facility, designed to sequester carbon dioxide (CO2) from Port Arthur LNG and potentially other industrial sources.
In Operation
Presently, Sempra Infrastructure’s in Operation Low Carbon Solutions includes:
– An operating portfolio of more than 1,600 MW of wind, solar and a highly efficient natural gas-fired power plant
Operating Portfolio
Border Solar
Chihuahua
In Operation
150 MWAC Capacity
Border Solar is located in the municipality of Juarez, in the state of Chihuahua. It has an estimated capacity of 150 MWAC. The project began operations the first half of 2021.
Don Diego Solar
Sonora
In Operation
125 MWAC Capacity
Don Diego Solar is located in Benjamin Hill in the state of Sonora. It has an estimated capacity of 125 MWAC. The solar facility began operations during the second half of 2020.
Pima Solar
Sonora
In Operation
100 MWAC Capacity
Pima Solar is located in the municipality of Caborca, in the state of Sonora. It has a 100 MWAC capacity and was Sempra Infrastructure’s first solar farm in Mexico.
Tepezalá Solar
Aguascalientes
In Operation
100 MWAC Capacity
Tepezala Solar is located in the state of Aguascalientes. It has a 100 MWAC capacity.
Rumorosa Solar
Baja California
In Operation
44 MWAC Capacity
Rumorosa Solar is located near the Energía Sierra Juárez wind farm in the state of Baja California. It has a 44 MWAC capacity.
Energía Sierra Juárez
Tecate, Baja California
In Operations
263 MW Capacity
Energía Sierra Juárez is a 263 MW wind farm that includes 73 wind turbines. It is located on the Sierra de Juárez mountain range, in the municipality of Tecate, in the state of Baja California.
Ventika
Nuevo Léon
In Operation
252 MW Capacity
Ventika is a wind farm located the municipality of General Bravo, in Nuevo Léon. It is composed of 84 3-MW wind turbines, with an installed capacity of 252 MW.
Termoeléctrica de Mexicali
Baja California
In Operation
625 MW Capacity
Termoeléctrica de Mexicali is a 625 MW capacity, natural-gas-fired combined-cycle power plant that use the most advanced environmental technologies.
Environment
We strive to do the right thing by working to mitigate the environmental impact of our operations. Our three business lines are aligned with our business strategy, which contributes to our ability to address current and emerging problems resulting from environmental impacts and climate change.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/what-we-do/energy-networks/

Energy Networks
We are leaders in North America’s energy networks infrastructure
Our energy networks infrastructure includes 1,985 miles of natural gas transportation pipelines and 3,042 miles of natural gas distribution pipelines, and a network of 4 refined product storage terminals.
Operations in USA
Operations in Mexico
Pipeline Safety
At Sempra, safety is our top priority. That extends to the operation of our underground natural gas pipelines. Learn more about pipeline safety and how to recognize if a pipeline is located near you.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/what-we-do/pipeline-safety/

Pipeline Safety
At Sempra Infrastructure, safety is our top priority. That extends to the operation of our underground natural gas pipelines. Learn more about pipeline safety and how to recognize if a pipeline is located near you.
Putting Safety First
We, too, are concerned about any leak or rupture that could harm people or property. We work hard to prevent incidents from occurring. We routinely perform pipeline safety tasks, including patrolling, inspecting, testing and repairing pipelines. We meet or exceed all federal and state requirements for pipeline operations and maintenance, including ongoing technical training and qualification of employees. Our goal is to identify and resolve potential problems before a major problem occurs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/sustainability/

Sustainability
Doing what’s right for our planet.
We believe in standing up for what’s right. That means protecting the environment, supporting communities where we live and work, and building an inclusive economy where everyone can have a bright future.
Sustainability Report
At Sempra infrastructure, we have the firm conviction of operating in a sustainable way to guarantee long-term success. Our vision of sustainability is directly related to our business model.
Historical Sustainability Reports
- 2020 Sustainability Report + Financial Report
- 2019 Sustainability Report + Financial Report
- 2018 Sustainability Report + Financial Report
- 2017 Sustainability Report + Financial Report
- 2016 Sustainability Report + Financial Report
- 2015 Sustainability Report + Financial Report
- 2014 Sustainability Report
- 2013 Sustainability Report
Social Management Plans
(Only in Spanish)
Social Management Plans (PGS) are the strategy that energy projects have in place to resolve negative impacts and expand positive impacts, establish measures regarding communication, participation, communication attention and social investment that allow promoting sustainability and respecting human rights. This strategy is part of the Social Impact Assessment (EvIS) and has been an obligation for all energy projects since 2014, before the Ministry of Energy (Sener).
- Energía Costa Azul (ECA) LNG
- Gasoducto San Isidro-Samalayuca
- Gasoducto Ojinaga – El Encino
- Gasoducto Los Ramones II Norte
- Gasoducto Rosarito Expansión
- Terminal de Refinados Puebla
- Terminal de Refinados Topolobampo
- Terminal de Refinados del Valle de México
- Terminal del Refinados Veracruz
- Transportadora de Gas Natural de Baja California
- Border Solar
- Don Diego Solar
- Energía Sierra Juárez
- Pima Solar
- Rumorosa Solar
- Tepezalá Solar
- Cimarron Wind
Social Management Plan Records
2023, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018
Voluntary Carbon Market Disclosure Act Disclosure
California Assembly Bill 1305, the Voluntary Carbon Market Disclosure Act (VCMDA), codified as CA Health and Safety Code Section 44475 (2024), requires entities within the state of California to make certain disclosures if they market, sell, purchase or use voluntary carbon offsets (VCO), as defined in the statutes, and make claims regarding the achievement of net zero emissions, carbon neutrality or significant greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reductions in the state.
For disclosures possibly required under Section 44475.1, please see the Sempra Voluntary Carbon Market Disclosures document. For disclosures possibly required Section 44475.2 regarding statements made by Sempra and its family of companies concerning our strategy, efforts and goals to achieve reduction of GHG emissions, please see Sempra’s 2024 Corporate Sustainability Report (2024 Corporate Sustainability Report | Sempra).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/media/sustainability/Annex-Labor_Guidelines_Specialized_Services_Construction_Works_Suppliers.pdf

1 of 2 
 
 
LABOR GUIDELINES FOR SUPPLIERS OF SPECIALIZED SERVICES OR 
CONSTRUCTION WORKS 
 
1.- The following Guidelines are mandatory for Suppliers of Specialized Services or Construction 
Works (“Supplier") that: 
 
• (i) Have permanent personnel in SI facilities in Mexico (offices, construction and operation 
sites); or 
• (ii) Perform temporary activities within SI's facilities in Mexico (offices, construction and 
operating sites). 
 
2.- The Supplier shall adhere to (i) the Company's Sustainability Policy ; (ii) Supplier Code of 
Business Conduct, and (iii) these Guidelines. The Sustainability Policy and these Guidelines are 
based on the International Finance Corporation's Performance Standards for Environmental and 
Social Sustainability, with which Sempra Infrastructure in Mexico is committed to comply. 
 
3.- The Supplier undertakes to: 
 
3.1. Record in writing working conditions and provide a copy of the employment contract 
to the employee, signed by both employer and employee, in strict compliance with the 
Federal Labor Law. The individual employment contract shall clearly state at least the 
following: 
 
o The type of contract, terms and duration of the employment relationship; 
o The worker's employer; 
o Salaries and benefits; 
o Form of payment and periodicity; 
o Hours of work; 
o Overtime; 
o Rest days, vacations and recesses; 
o Health insurance, among others. 
 
In addition, the Supplier shall have a point of contact or service center for its employees 
to approach in case they have any doubts about their contract and terms of employment. 
 
3.2. Pay salaries directly to workers at regular intervals. Deductions from salary may only 
be made in accordance with applicable law and collective bargaining agreements. The 
Supplier shall inform its personnel of such deductions at the time of making salary 
payments. Likewise, the Supplier must send the employee his/her stamped payroll 
receipt (in accordance with current tax legislation) ,clearly reflect ing the deductions in 
question. 
 
3.3. Ensure that project -related activities respect and meet the needs of workers in a 
dignified manner, ensuring that people with the same skills receive equal pay for work of 
equal value, promoting equal opportunity and providing an equitable and inclusive 
workplace. 
 
3.4. Use appropriate hiring and employment practices to avoid discrimination. Job 
descriptions, salaries, promotions, recognition and training shall not be based on age, 
ethnicity, national origin, skin color, culture, religion, marital status, disability, gender, 
among others, in full respect for diversity and inclusion. 
 
3.5. When it is necessary to provide accommodation for workers as part of the service, 
the Supplier shall ensure that he/she meets the needs of the workers, including but not 
limited to: safe location, cleanliness, access to drinking water and sanitation, sufficient 
space for each worker, adequate waste management, safety, health and hygiene. For 
reference purposes, the Supplier undertakes to consult the IFC and the European Bank 
for Reconstruction and Development guide entitled "Workers accommodation: processes 
and standards". 

 
 
2 of 2 
 
 
 
3.6 Provide or ensure that workers have access to a space for dining and/or food 
consumption, rest or hydration at the work site, properly conditioned to avoid exposure to 
rain, dust, sun or other factors that could put their health at risk. These spaces m ust be 
maintained in an orderly and clean manner. 
 
3.7 Provide or ensure that workers can make use of accessible toilet facilities at the work 
site, separate for men and women, with supplies of water, paper, soap and drying, as 
well as periodic cleaning, maintenance and sanitization by a duly authorized service 
supplier . 
 
3.8 Guarantee the supply of drinking water. If food is provided, it must be prepared in 
strict compliance with safety and hygiene measures. 
 
3.9 In the case of providing transportation to workers, the Supplier shall ensure that the 
vehicles are in good condition and properly maintained.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/sustainability/responsible-business/

Responsible Business
We protect people and the environment, and better the communities where we operate.
Our business strategy is aligned with strong global sustainability practices, forging long-term relationships that drive excellence in lower-carbon, safe and resilient operations. We develop, build and operate infrastructure that strengthens energy security and generates tangible benefits for society, based on the highest safety standards and in line with global sustainability principles.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/news-and-events/spotlight-stories/investing-in-safe-and-resilient-operations-q-a-with-ramon-seco-perez-hss-senior-director/

We put the health, safety and security of our workforce, customers and communities at the center of everything we do.
Every day, we create sustainable value through world-class safety practices, prioritizing the well-being of our people, and maintaining resilient operations. We are dedicated to continuous improvement through measurement and learning from events and observations.
In this regard, our Senior Director of Health, Safety and Security (HSS), Ramon Seco Perez, discusses how we champion health, safety, and security to protect our people, projects, operations, and communities where we operate.
Can you tell us about yourself and your role at Sempra Infrastructure? What are your main responsibilities as HSS Director?
I am a health, safety, and security professional who is deeply passionate about the safety and well-being of all. Throughout my career, I have had the opportunity to work in several countries, each with significant success. This fantastic opportunity has allowed me to meet great people in different geographies and learn from diverse cultures and innovative working methods.
My family is the cornerstone of my life, providing the inspiration and support that drive me to pursue excellence and personal growth in my professional endeavors.
As a dedicated HSS leader, my role encompasses a wide range of responsibilities, from administrative tasks to supporting the safety aspects of construction projects and operations. However, my unwavering commitment is always on ensuring the safety of our workforce, with the ultimate goal that everyone returns home safely every day.
What is a typical day in your role? What do you find most rewarding?
My day at Sempra Infrastructure starts early in the morning. I embrace exciting challenges and endless learning opportunities in my role daily, but having an amazing team backing me up turns those hurdles into exhilarating milestones.
The highlight of my job is the incredible satisfaction I feel at the end of each day, knowing that I have contributed to ensuring the well-being of all our employees.
How does Sempra Infrastructure reinforce a Safety-First culture for our employees and contractors?
At Sempra Infrastructure, safety is at the center of everything we do and is a guiding principle for Sempra Infrastructure. We have established safe work practices by implementing rigorous standards for people, facilities, and processes.
We are advancing initiatives to improve the safety and well-being of our people by implementing psychological safety and mental health initiatives, inclement weather preparedness plans, forming HSS committees, and conducting Fire Warden training.
How do we continue to invest in the well-being of our employees, communities, and the environment?
We are making significant investments in key initiatives to promote the well-being of our people.
We are working closely with relevant stakeholders, like Sempra’s Wellness group, to promote workplace psychological safety initiatives, promote and support mental health initiatives, and communicate the benefits of the employee assistance program.
Our commitment to social and environmental programs is evident in the communities we operate in. Sempra Infrastructure is investing significantly in Ensenada, Mexico, and Port Arthur, Texas, in a range of social programs that are making a real difference in these communities.
Safety is everyone’s responsibility. How can we all be better safety advocates?
It takes a team to prioritize safety. We can be better safety advocates by delivering a strong safety message to our employees, contractors, and visitors, highlighting that safety is a principle and a leading company value.
Safety is more than a top priority. It is a value we live by daily. Learn more about Sempra Infrastructure’s commitment to safety and security.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/sustainability/environment/

Environment
At Sempra Infrastructure, we believe that the protection and preservation of the environment can be compatible with the responsible development of energy infrastructure.
We strive to do the right thing by working to mitigate the environmental impact of our operations. Our three business lines are aligned with our business strategy, which contributes to our ability to address current and emerging problems resulting from environmental impacts and climate change.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/news-and-events/spotlight-stories/a-new-vision-for-social-investment/

Sempra Infrastructure is committed to making a meaningful impact by addressing local needs, strengthening community connections and promoting long-term solutions that enhance economic prosperity, build opportunity and improve the environment. Upholding our company’s values to do the right thing, champion people and shape the future has always been at the heart of what we do.
This is why Sempra Infrastructure’s External Affairs team has taken the opportunity to create an even greater impact – one that is sustainable, purpose-driven and responsive to the needs of the communities where we operate, laying the foundation for our company’s new social investment strategy.
Championing Communities
When the External Affairs team came together to brainstorm on how to make a greater and more intentional impact, it centered around one question: How can we collaborate with organizations to address root-cause issues to help make a more meaningful and lasting impact in our communities?
To find the answers, the team turned to the community and utilized an appreciative inquiry approach to gathering data, conducting social baseline and community perception studies in both Southwest Louisiana and Southeast Texas to better understand and identify areas to strengthen community engagement.
The results revealed the community’s desire for more robust resources to address economic development, environmental safety, health and access to resources and infrastructure.
Guided by our commitment to collaborate with the community, and based on the gathered data, three key focus areas for social investment were established:
• Economic Prosperity – Supports initiatives that foster business growth, job creation and sustainable economic opportunities. Funding prioritizes programs that strengthen local economies, promote entrepreneurship and enhance workforce readiness to drive long-term prosperity.
• Increasing Opportunity – Supports initiatives that expand access to education, workforce development and economic mobility. Funding will prioritize programs that remove barriers, create pathways to success and empower individuals and/or the community to achieve long-term stability and growth.
• Climate Action – Supports initiatives that preserve natural ecosystems, increase biodiversity, restore habitats and promote environmental responsibility. Funding will prioritize programs that protect wildlife, conserve wetlands and sustain healthy ecosystems.
“Each community that we operate in is unique – it has its own culture, its own history and its own set of challenges. By taking a data-driven approach to social investment, we are able to better evaluate how to deliver targeted and meaningful support that addresses the real needs of the communities we operate in.”
– Selby Bush Lilley, Regional Vice President of External Affairs and Communications
Expanding Funding Opportunities
A key difference in how the new social investment strategy is structured is the introduction of three distinct funding opportunities, each with its own purpose and funding priorities:
• Community Grants – One-time annual funding opportunities that provide targeted financial support for small-scale, high-impact projects that address immediate local needs and foster community well-being.
• Partnerships – These will fund large-scale, long-term initiatives that are aligned with our key focus areas: Economic Prosperity, Increasing Opportunity and Climate Action.
• Sponsorships – Funding for events led by nonprofit organizations and community groups that contribute to a stronger, more sustainable community.
This structure allows Sempra Infrastructure to be more intentional and strategic in how we collaborate with community organizations, while also enabling those organizations – and most importantly, people who live in the communities where we operate – to experience greater impact.
Measuring Impact
We are committed to ensuring that every investment, every dollar and every effort contributes meaningfully to addressing root cause issues and improving the quality of life for people who live where we operate. A crucial part of this is how we evaluate the impact of our investments. Our partner organizations are now required to provide comprehensive preliminary and post-program data, which allows us to more accurately measure outcomes, assess impact and continuously improve our investment in communities.
In addition, we have committed to conducting our social baseline and community perception studies every three years, which allows us to improve how our efforts help address root cause issues, ensure our investments are aligned with the need of the community and are intentional with how and where we invest our dollars.
Empowering Communities for Today and Tomorrow
Sempra Infrastructure’s new social investment program will not only address unique needs and priorities that have been identified by the communities, but it will also create both immediate and long-term benefits that are meaningful and sustainable. Whether organizations are focused on local initiatives or pursuing larger, multi-year partnerships that drive regional impact, we are committed to ensuring that support reaches a broad range of community needs.
By collecting and analyzing data tied to each initiative, we are also ensuring that our investments remain targeted, impactful and responsive to the evolving needs of the communities we serve.
“In creating this new approach to social investment, the External Affairs team has done an excellent job of deciding what kind of company we want to be to the communities where we operate,” said Selby Bush Lilley, Regional Vice-President of External Affairs and Communications. “Sempra Infrastructure is committed to ensuring a community is a better place because we are there. We are long-term partners in the communities where we operate and with that comes the responsibility to make long-term investments in the wellbeing of that community. Our new approach to social investment will help us do just that.”
Learn more about our community giving program and how to apply here.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/sustainability/championing-people/

Championing People
Sempra infrastructure is committed to the communities where we live and work.
We invest time, talent and financial resources to help improve the quality of life for our customers, neighbors and employees. By partnering with local organizations and leadership, we maintain our commitment to making a positive difference in our communities.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/sustainability/safety-and-security/

Safety & Security
We put the health, safety and security of our workforce, customers and communities at the center of everything we do.
We’re invested in being an industry leader and accomplish this by championing health, safety, and security programs that protect our people, projects and operations. We reinforce a safety-first culture for our employees and contractors. We seek continuous improvement through measurement and learning from events and observations.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/news-and-events/spotlight-stories/investing-in-southwest-louisiana-2023-community-impact-report/

Our unwavering commitment to doing the right thing, championing people, and shaping the future has been the driving force behind our collaboration as a community partner in Southwest Louisiana for over two decades.
In 2023, we made nearly $315,000 in social investments to local community organizations in Cameron, Calcasieu, and Beauregard parishes.
By working directly with our employees and local stakeholders to identify and enhance opportunities for impact, we are investing in economic prosperity, environmental stewardship, education, and emergency preparedness opportunities that allow us to positively impact our communities.
We invite you to learn more about impact in our 2023 Southwest Louisiana Community Impact Report.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/sustainability/foundation/

Foundation
At Sempra Infrastructure, we are committed to the communities where we operate.
To strengthen our community engagements in Mexico, we established the Sempra Infrastructure Foundation, which is registered as a second-tier foundation. The Foundation is authorized to make donations and economic contributions in compliance with the requirements set forth by the Mexican tax authority, Servicio de Administración Tributaria (SAT).
OUR MISSION
At our Foundation, we are committed to transform lives by helping organizations and programs that contribute to the development of communities to which we belong.
Sempra Infrastructure Foundation Annual Report.
For more information about the actions of our foundation, we invite you to download our 2024 report:
Our Priorities
We are focused on supporting organizations that offer medium and long-term benefits to the communities based on four priorities listed below:
Procedure for granting donations
The Sempra Infrastructure Foundation supports non-profit organizations that are authorized by Mexico’s Tax Administration Service (SAT) and implement projects and programs that align with the Foundation’s priorities and corporate purpose as described in the Bylaws.
Organizations can submit their projects in Mexico to us through our annual call for grants. We use an evaluation methodology to assess the projects and organizations. This ensures transparency in our granting process and allows us to maximize the impact of our resources.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/careers/

We champion our people to thrive and take initiative
A career at Sempra Infrastructure is an opportunity to make an impact.
At Sempra Infrastructure, we’ve built a high performing culture that attracts, retains, develops and engages superior talent. Our people are collaborators, innovators and agents of change that aim to solve some of society’s most pressing challenges.
Careers News & Events
Key advantages of working at Sempra Infrastructure
Dynamic and Growing
We’re building the energy systems of the future and offer opportunities for forward-thinking, innovative and collaborative people to do exciting work to make a difference.
Inclusive
We foster an inclusive environment and embrace diverse perspectives and backgrounds through a culture where everyone can bring their authentic self to work every day.
Professional Development
We believe that inspired and empowered people are what make Sempra Infrastructure a great place to work and provide opportunities for employees to grow and reach their potential.
Lifting Communities Up
We give back to our communities in which we operate by investing in economic prosperity, supporting local programs and volunteering in activities that lift communities up.
Total Rewards Philosophy
The Company strives to ensure that employees are paid equitably and competitively. Starting salaries may vary based on factors such as relevant experience, qualifications, and education.
Sempra Infrastructure offers a competitive total rewards package that goes beyond base salary. Most positions are eligible for an annual performance-based incentive (bonus) as well as merit-based recognition.
Diversity & inclusion
We’ve prioritized an inclusive culture where diverse backgrounds and perspectives are respected and celebrated.
Living Our values
We live our purpose and our values in everything we do, every day.
How We Work
Our unique pathway to premier.
Benefits designed with you in mind
From lifestyle to wellness to education, our compensation and benefits programs take a whole-person approach tailored to the needs of each employee. We offer opportunities that will inspire you individually and as part of the larger Sempra team, options to help you navigate the different stages of your life and programs that will help you lead the kind of life you’ll love.
Health and Welfare
Providing a comprehensive package focused on physical and mental health with an Employee Assistance Program, Fitness Programs, Charitable Contribution Match, and other well-being benefits
Leaves Bonding
Championing our growing families with a Parental Leave Program
Retirement
Helping to make a smooth transition to retirement with a cash balance pension plan, life insurance plans, and 401(k) savings with company match
Career Development
Supporting life-long learning through tuition reimbursement, online training, professional networking and mentoring programs
Time-Off
Encouraging work-life balance with vacation, sick time, floating holidays, and a flexible work environment
Employee Referral Program
Offering cash bonuses for referring someone in network if they are hired
A winning commitment to diversity in business.
Awards aren’t the goal, but having our diversity and inclusion efforts recognized is one small way we know we’re making a difference.
Sempra Infrastructure endeavors to make the online application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance or accommodation to complete the application process, please contact our Human Resources Department at [email protected] or (866) 519-0162. This contact information is for accommodation requests only, not to inquire about the status of applications
Sempra, its affiliates, and/or subsidiary companies are Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity employers and consider all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, handicap or disability, or status as a Vietnam-era or special disabled veteran in accordance with state and federal law. More information on eeoc.gov

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/careers/careers-in-mexico/

We champion our people to thrive and take initiative
A career at Sempra Infrastructure is an opportunity to make an impact.
At Sempra Infrastructure, we’ve built a high performing culture that attracts, retains, develops and engages superior talent. Our people are collaborators, innovators and agents of change that aim to solve some of society’s most pressing challenges.
Sempra Infrastructure endeavors to make the online application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance or accommodation to complete the application process, please contact our Human Resources Department at [email protected] or (866) 519-0162. This contact information is for accommodation requests only, not to inquire about the status of applications
Sempra Energy, its affiliates, and/or subsidiary companies are Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity employers and consider all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, handicap or disability, or status as a Vietnam-era or special disabled veteran in accordance with state and federal law. More information on eeoc.gov

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/careers/diversity-and-inclusion/

Diversity & Inclusion
Fostering inclusion and championing different perspectives makes us a strong team and our growth and performance proves it. We’ve created a workplace where every person is respected, valued and fully able to participate. Standing together, we truly make a difference.
Living Our Values Spotlight Stories
Our programs promote our inclusive culture and on-going dialogue
Grow
The vision of GROW, which stands for growing responsibilities and opportunities for women, is to be a champion for all employees’ career development.
Local Diversity & Inclusion Council
Local Diversity & Inclusion Council is an employee-led group that promotes a respectful and inclusive workplace on a grassroots, individual-to-individual level.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://semprainfrastructure.com/careers/living-our-values/

At the forefront of the energy transition, we are dedicated to building the energy systems of the future.
We develop, build, operate and invest in North American infrastructure to power an evolving world.
We create sustainable value through world-class safety, championing people, resilient operations and enabling the global energy transition to a lower-carbon future.
Work with purpose and create value together with some of the best minds in the industry.
Stay informed and up-to-date on how we are enabling a safe, responsible, and reliable energy transition.
We create value for the shareholder by generating predictable, clear and sustainable results.
At the forefront of the energy transition, we are dedicated to building the energy systems of the future.
We develop, build, operate and invest in North American infrastructure to power an evolving world.
We create sustainable value through world-class safety, championing people, resilient operations and enabling the global energy transition to a lower-carbon future.
Work with purpose and create value together with some of the best minds in the industry.
Stay informed and up-to-date on how we are enabling a safe, responsible, and reliable energy transition.
We create value for the shareholder by generating predictable, clear and sustainable results.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------