ROOT: https://dcoenergy.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:57:50.417395Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/

Powering Our Communities Sustainably
DCO Energy (DCO) is a nationally recognized developer of sustainable and renewable energy facilities that enriches the communities it operates by partnering with contractors, businesses, and talent. DCO Energy applies robust and innovative design, construction, and operation methodologies resulting
in sustainable and safe solutions for owners in
different industry sectors.
OUR SERVICES
- Asset Management and Operations
- Project Development and Facility Ownership
- Engineering, Procurement and Construction
- Renewables and Energy Efficiency
- Microgrids and Combined Heat, Chilling and Power
OUR PROMISE
DCO Energy is committed to collaborating with our clients and partners to improve the communities in which we operate through sustainable,
cost-effective, resilient energy solutions and
local, long-term career development.
EMPLOYEE AMBASSADORS
Dive deeper into DCO Energy’s sustainability commitment! Meet our employee ambassadors – engineers, construction managers, and operations specialists – in a video series. These passionate individuals will share their unique insights on how DCO prioritizes a greener future through innovative solutions and strong community partnerships. See how DCO builds a sustainable tomorrow together.
Experience Modifier Rate (EMR)
The number determines a companies overall safety risk based on worker’s compensation claims. An average rating is 1.0, which includes the consideration of the following: number of incidents, type of events, and amounts paid out. DCO Energy is in the top 4% of engineering and construction contractors in the United States.
SAFETY MATTERS
DCO Energy maintains the highest commitment to the safety and health of our employees, subcontractors, and vendors throughout our construction and operations work. Our policies and procedures are proven practices that we utilize daily on the job.
Our CLients
LICENSES AND CERTIFICATIONS
IN THE NEWS
Vicinity Energy Commences Construction of Industrial-Scale Heat Pump Complex in Partnership with DCO Energy and Everllence
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Vicinity Energy, a decarbonization leader with the nation’s largest portfolio of district energy systems, today announced agreements with Everllence [formerly MAN Energy Solutions], and DCO Energy. This partnership secures the latest...
Celebrating Valerie Moran: PWC 2025 Women of Achievement Honoree
On May 21, 2025, PWC NJ proudly hosted its Annual Women of Achievement Awards Luncheon at Liberty House in Jersey City. This inspiring event honored four exceptional women making meaningful contributions to New Jersey’s AEC industry who shared their stories: Patrice...
Chiller Optimization Project at Midtown Thermal Control Center provides 20% reduction in production costs
DCO Atlantic City ArticleDownload

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/services/

NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED, COMMUNITY FOCUSED
WE LOVE WHAT WE DO
DCO Energy values fostering green projects into the communities where work is completed through mentoring, education, and career placement. Communities where projects are developed benefit from economic investment and sustainability energy efforts towards a clean future.
- ASSET MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS
- PROJECT DEVELOPMENT AND OWNERSHIP
- Engineering, Procurement and construction
- Renewable and energy efficiency
- MICROGRIDS AND COMBINED HEAT, CHILLING AND POWER (CHCP)
ASSET MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS
DCO provides customers with a best-in-class experience by operating and maintaining energy infrastructure by offering a wide range of services to achieve customer objectives – ranging from developing and implementing operating procedures, fuel procurement, annual budgeting/forecasting, asset performance, environmental compliance, spare parts inventory, loss mitigation programs, and total operations/maintenance.
DCO Energy’s maintenance program includes planned, predictive, corrective, and signiﬁcant servicing. A computerized maintenance management system tracks work to ensure work orders get documented, managed, performed, and tracked.
PROJECT DEVELOPMENT AND OWNERSHIP
DCO invests equity in projects. Clients benefit from DCO having a project stake and aligning with other partners to provide long-term value.
DCO also seeks opportunities to acquire existing assets that fit its portfolio and long-term investment strategies by becoming a sole investor or in partnering with DCO’s many affiliates or equity funds that are regularly collaborated with.
ENGINEERING, PROCUREMENT AND CONSTRUCTION
DCO Energy engages clients early on to help them understand unique project key goals and objectives. By identifying solutions early on, DCO can provide numerous project delivery options for a polished, time, and within-budget end product.
DCO has a track record of performance on over $1 billion of projects, the most of which are executed under a “guaranteed maximum price” model with shared savings with our clients and fully bonded. We are flexible in addressing investor and project lender requirements such as performance guarantees, committed scheduling and technology risk assessments – maximizing project financing options by providing complete turn-key solutions that mitigate prospective project threats.
RENEWABLES AND ENERGY EFFICIENCY
DCO is a leading national renewable energy developer, successfully designing, building, and operating innovative projects in landfill gas-to-energy, wood biomass cogeneration systems, solar, battery storage and other sustainable energy solutions.
DCO Energy’s main focus is on reducing carbon emissions. Their mission is to use advanced renewable technologies and fuel solutions for every project, helping customers and communities meet future green energy requirements and regulations with continued success.
DCO Energy achieves energy efficiency on all projects given demands for carbon reduction, cost savings, return of equity, etc. Projects offer the most efficient production, energy recovery, technology utilization and processes. DCO evaluates each project milestone to determine the most suitable solutions for the client’s needs throughout the project lifecycle.
MICROGRIDS, COMBINED HEAT, CHILLING AND POWER
DCO has been a leading national developer of microgrids and combined heat, chilling, and power facilities for over two decades. Projects range from 2MW to 50 MW utilizing various technologies, including gas turbines, reciprocating engines, steam turbines and fuel cells, and leverage fuels that include natural gas, biogas and biomass. Installation sites include colleges, hospitals, prisons, industrial plants, resorts, wastewater treatment plants, and military bases.
DCO Energy drives as a leader in microgrid development because customers require reliable, resilient, and renewable energy. All across North America, DCO has participated in developing, designing, constructing, owning, financing, operations, and maintaining state-of-the-art microgrids. While every customer has unique goals, DCO’s projects have standard components such as electric generation, black start and “island” mode capability, and energy savings.
DCO operates many of its CHCP and microgrid systems as part of a district energy system. Diverse buildings are equipped with systems that distribute steam, hot water, chilled water, and electricity, while capturing and reusing waste heat to increase energy efficiency and sustainability.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/portfolio/

REVOLUTIONIZING THE ENERGY LANDSCAPE Filter by LocationAll LocationsNew JerseyNevadaConnecticutPennsylvaniaGeorgiaCaliforniaRhode IslandNew YorkMichiganDelawareMassachusettsCaribbeanFloridaFilter by RoleAll RolesDBOOMEPC ContractorOperate & MaintainConstruction ManagementStart-Up and Commissioning SupportEngineeringAsset OwnershipUMontclair State UniversityNew JerseyView ProjectFeatured ProjectRutgers Cancer InstItute of New JerseyNew JerseyView ProjectFeatured ProjectAtlantiCare Regional Medical CenterNew JerseyView ProjectFeatured ProjectEssex County Correctional FacilityNew JerseyView ProjectMarine Corps Logistics BaseGeorgiaView ProjectBergen County Utilities AuthorityNew JerseyView ProjectDetroit ThermalMichiganView ProjectWater Street PlantFloridaView ProjectPhosphate Recovery PlantFloridaView ProjectSeneca Niagara Combined Heat and PowerNew YorkView ProjectNew Brunswick Renewable Energy Consortium SolarNew JerseyView ProjectInlet District Energy CenterNew JerseyView ProjectBergen County Correctional FacilityNew JerseyView ProjectSECURE MILITARY INSTALLATION OVERSEASCaribbeanView ProjectEnergy Center DoverDelawareView ProjectLoad More

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/about/

BUILDING A BRIGHTER, MORE SUSTAINABLE TOMORROW
OUR MISSION
DCO Energy’s mission is to build a brighter, more sustainable tomorrow by delivering renewable energy solutions that leverage the talent and expertise of our team and proven technologies. DCO aims to enrich communities in which we operate by offering education, long-term career opportunities and partnership with local businesses and stakeholders.
offering INNOVATION
DCO Energy’s mission is to build a brighter, more sustainable tomorrow with clean and renewable energy solutions with the assistance of cutting-edge technologies.
UNITY
DCO’s single united focus is to develop, construct and operate clean, cost-effective and resilient energy solutions for our customers. We promise to enrich communities by offering education, individual career opportunities, and business to business opportunities.
INTEGRITY
With projects lasting for decades, DCO Energy aims to be transparent to our clients and partners, with development, construction and operating processes and procedures built and managed toward shared, long-term success.
SUSTAINABILITY
DCO Energy has a comprehensive focus on delivering a brighter, more sustainable tomorrow by offering renewable energy solutions to our local communities. Sustainability means more than just technology to us – our team understands that, to provide real value over decades, our energy solutions must be clean, safe, efficient, cost-effective, reliable and resilient. Our team members are highly trained, talented, and committed citizens of the local community they serve.
COMMUNITY PROMISE
DCO Energy’s aim is to improve and enrich the local communities in which we operate. We execute on that aim by delivering and operating clean energy safely, sustainably, reliably and resiliently, by recruiting, hiring, training and growing a talented team of employees from the local community, and by partnering with local stakeholders and businesses in pursuing and achieving their hopes for the local community.
OUR LEADERSHIP
Gary Fromer
Chief Executive Officer
Frank DiCola
Executive Chairman of the Board
Michael Jingoli
Chief Financial Officer
Joseph Jingoli, Jr.
Chief Business Development Officer
Robert Reager
Chief Construction Officer
AWARDS
GREEN ENERGY CONSTRUCTION AND RENEWABLE ENERGY DELIVERER
ENR, TOP 400 CONTRACTORS
2023: #145 out of 400 Ranked Contractors
2022: #162 out of 400 Ranked Contractors
2021: #152 out of 400 Ranked Contractors
2020: #143 out of 400 Ranked Contractors
2019: #164 out of 400 Ranked Contractors
2018: #193 out of 400 Ranked Contractors
2017: #184 out of 400 Ranked Contractors
NJBIZ TOP FAMILY-OWNED BUSINESSES
2025 – #15 out of 24 Family-Owned Businesses in all of New Jersey.
2024 – #17 out of 24 Family-Owned Businesses in all of New Jersey.
NJBIZ, TOP 250 CONTRACTORS
2025 – #18 out of 250 Ranked Contractors
2024 – #16 out of 250 Ranked Contractors
2023 – #17 out of 250 Ranked Contractors
2022 – #20 out of 250 Ranked Contractors
2021 – #25 out of 250 Ranked Contractors
2020 – #25 out of 250 Ranked Contractors
2019 – #24 out of 250 Ranked Contractors
2018 – #31 out of 250 Ranked Contractors
JINGOLI-DCO Energy placed #15 In Power Sector out of 20 in the year of 2023.
Transmission and Distribution: JINGOLI-DCO Energy placed #7 out of 15.
Operations and Maintenance: JINGOLI-DCO Energy placed #3 out of 10
Co-Generation: JINGOLI-DCO Energy placed #2 out of 10
Solar: JINGOLI-DCO placed #14 out of 15.
Hazardous Waste: JINGOLI-DCO Energy placed #11 out of 20.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/energy-efficiency/

ENERGY EFFICIENCY
DCO’s primary objective is to utilize national recognized expertise to evaluate, develop, and implement projects designed to lower energy and operational costs for our clients in various energy efficiency sectors.
COST EFFECTIVE SOLUTIONS
DCO collaborates closely with clients to establish cost-effective energy improvement solutions and services across a diverse range of sectors.
SERVICES
- Energy Savings Performance
- Contract Projects
- Investment Grade Energy Audits (IGA)
- Energy Master Planning
- Building Performance Service to Optimize Facilities
- Commissioning and Start-Up
- Construction and Project Management
- Measurement and Veriﬁcation
- In-House Design Engineering (MEP and Structural)
- Approved Utility Trade Ally for Rebate and Incentive Funding
- Energy as a Service (EaaS)
- State, Federal, and other Grant Funding Opportunities
JDC Energy Services, LLC (JDC) proudly serves as DCO’s distinguished Energy Efficiency Business. As an Energy Services Company (ESCO) JDC offers energy engineering, procurement, and construction management services. Leveraging DCO’s national expertise, JDC Energy Services bridges the gap between energy efficiency solutions, with construction management and material management for a cost efficient and sustainable final end product.
A DCO Company

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/community-connection/

EMBRACING THE POWER OF CONNECTIONS
DCO Energy’s (DCO) outreach program embraces the power of connections by offering training programs, employment opportunities, and business to business opportunities. The outreach program is maintained with the utmost commitment to the community and partnerships. The program aims specifically at facilitating connections with marginalized individuals, groups, and businesses within DCO’s areas of operation.
COMPETITIVE EDGE PROGRAM
The Competitive Edge program was created and designed by DCO and its affiliates to develop, expand and monitor our company’s core belief of building and advancing communities through partnerships. Neighborhoods receive support through recruiting, hiring, training coordinating with contractors, and including neighborhood businesses within project work.
DCO prioritizes women or minority owned businesses in our projects. Partnering with companies of diverse backgrounds provides an avenue to build their project portfolio. DCO loves collaborating with diverse businesses to enrich our staﬀ with talented minds and cultures in the work place.
- Past Project Participation
- CONTRACTOR / SUPPLIER RECRUITMENT
- Small Business, Minority Owned and Women Business Enterprises
- Community Enrichment
- APPRENTICE UTILIZATION
PAST PROJECT PARTICIPATION
DCO’s project team has extensive experience assisting and advancing our communities within the Competitive Edge program. For example, the DCO project team was committed to setting, achieving and exceeding proactive goals for minority-business while executing consulting/commissioning services for LEED certiﬁcation at the Central Energy Center for Project City Center in Las Vegas, NV. Our outreach program has reached up to 36%-51% of women business enterprise and small business enterprise participation.
CONTRACTOR / SUPPLIER RECRUITMENT
Research is the key to meaningful impact on communities. DCO Energy utilizes a dedicated, diverse team to obtain information about potential contractors/suppliers for projects. Partnerships with organizations, community gatherings, unions, state programs, and more are crucial for building community relations. Partnerships are the cog that makes Competitive Edge stand out from the rest.
By gathering all these resources together, we can generate a large and diversified base of contractors/suppliers to provide the services required for our projects, while making a positive impact.
SMALL BUSINESS, MINORITY OWNER ENTERPRISE, AND WOMEN BUSINESS ENTERPRISE
Large projects are often an obstacle for small businesses seeking company growth and commercial inclusion. DCO has committed to breaking down large projects into jobs that allow subcontractors to participate effectively in these projects, with priority for women business enterprises and small business enterprise participation.
DCO Energy also educates subcontractors about qualified small business enterprises, women owned business enterprises, and minority owned business enterprises that can offer services that fit within the project scope. DCO helps contractors build relationships with unions, encouraging them to qualify for commercial projects. DCO also assists contractors with estimating, scheduling, workforce utilization, paperwork processing, and other areas necessary to promote their success. When our contractors succeed, DCO Energy succeeds.
COMMUNITY ENRICHMENT
Our subcontractors are required to utilize the available community workforce and hire diverse groups of highly qualified individuals. Using workers, suppliers, and subcontractors increases the region’s economic stability by investing in public development. Participation of direct involvement in the community fosters a connection with us at DCO Energy. We want to share success and innovate sustainably within communities.
APPRENTICE UTILIZATION
DCO Energy provides subcontractors with a list of available apprentices within the community during project development and operation. By using apprentices, DCO creates opportunities for laborers to gain beneficial work experience and financial security. In addition, they give back to their neighborhood.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/affiliates/

AFFILIATES
JINGOLI is a privately held, nationally ranked general construction, construction management, and infrastructure solutions service provider with experience servicing public, power, industrial, healthcare, gaming, and educational clientele. JINGOLI has built a solid reputation by providing a full spectrum of services to the private sector, as well as municipal, county, and state governments. Our combination of professional expertise, attention to detail, and financial stability helps us meet our clients’ construction goals by delivering high-quality projects safely, on time, and within budget. Learn More
JINGOLI Power offers full turnkey project execution services including Engineering Procurement and Construction services, General Contracting, and Design, Build, Own, Operate, and Maintain (DBOOM) for the energy sector. Learn More
JET Electrical Testing is a 24/7 full-service testing company founded upon the premise of accurate reporting, project dedication, and customer satisfaction. JET’s project managers, engineers, support staff, and field technicians form the cohesive team that customers have relied on year after year. JET specializes in commissioning, preventative maintenance, equipment repair, apparatus testing, and emergency response/troubleshooting. Learn More
JDC Energy Services is an Energy Services Company (ESCO) that offers energy engineering, procurement, and construction management services. Offerings are tailored to cater to a diverse range of clients to provide custom energy efficiency solutions fitted with construction management and material management expertise for a cost-efficient and sustainable final end product. Learn More
JINGOLI Nuclear Services is a full-service company specializing in the development, planning, construction/modification, start-up, commissioning, maintenance, project controls, and decommissioning of nuclear plant projects. Learn More
Goldstar Energy Group provides comprehensive energy management services customized to its business client’s specific needs, from a team of seasoned energy management experts that only work with the most accredited suppliers in the industry. Our A+ accreditation is proof of the integrity and transparency that we offer to our clients. Learn More
JBM Energy Solutions provides professional services for simple to complex projects in the construction, utilities, and energy industry. Learn More
EID Solutions is an Certified LGB&T and Certified Women-Owned Business Enterprise firm servicing the education, municipal, power and utilities industry. Our core competencies are Program and Project Management, Construction Management, Material Management, Safety, Environmental Management, and QA/QC Services. Learn More

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/esg-policies/

We are committed to managing the environmental impact as an integral part of our operations. It is our policy to always ensure the environmental integrity of our processes, projects, and facilities.
Our approach is to optimize the use of materials, energy, and other precious natural resources to minimize the generation of waste and to promote and enable recycling and the reuse of materials. DCO Energy continuously revises goals and targets, measures progress and reports results, driving continuous efforts to improve environmental performance.
From a design, construction and operations perspective, we focus on all sustainability measures that can be implemented at a particular site. For example, we leverage recycling, embrace low–carbon construction materials, reduce emissions by using electric equipment where possible, work to reduce waste, and source materials locally to reduce transport emissions. We focus on controlling emissions by implementing cutting–edge technologies, fostering innovation, and optimizing energy–efficient equipment and operations.
We work strategically with customers to design, finance and implement sustainability projects focused on energy conservation and recovery, with a direct aim at achieving significant reductions in emissions and footprint.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/news/

CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Vicinity Energy, a decarbonization leader with the nation’s largest portfolio of district energy systems, today announced agreements with Everllence [formerly MAN Energy Solutions], and DCO Energy. This partnership secures the latest...
IN THE NEWS
Celebrating Valerie Moran: PWC 2025 Women of Achievement Honoree
On May 21, 2025, PWC NJ proudly hosted its Annual Women of Achievement Awards Luncheon at Liberty House in Jersey City. This inspiring event honored four exceptional women making meaningful contributions to New Jersey’s AEC industry who shared their stories: Patrice...
Chiller Optimization Project at Midtown Thermal Control Center provides 20% reduction in production costs
DCO Atlantic City ArticleDownload
CRDA and DCO Energy Efficiency Unveil Transformative Energy andWorkforce Development Project in Atlantic City
Atlantic City, NJ (February 27, 2025) – The Casino Reinvestment Development Authority (CRDA), in partnership with DCO Energy, is redefining energy systems and enhancing sustainability in Atlantic City, focusing on The Atlantic City Convention Center and the historic...
DCO Energy Soars by Ranking 145th in Engineering News-Record (ENR) Top 400 Contractors Rankings and Fortifies Rank 15th in Power in All of the United States!
Lawrenceville, New Jersey – June 6, 2024 – DCO Energy (DCO) is thrilled to announce its ranking of 145th out of 400 Top Contractors in all of the United States. Engineering New-Record (ENR), a notable industry-leading publication in the United States, published...
DCO ENERGY AND JERSEY CITY PUBLIC SCHOOLS EMBARK ON ENERGY SAVINGS IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM PROJECT – LARGEST PROJECT APPROVED BY THE NEW JERSEY BOARD OF PUBLIC UTILITIES TO DATE
New Jersey-Based DCO Energy and Jersey City Public Schools Embark on Energy Savings Improvement Program Project – Largest Project Approved by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities to Date Community-Enriching $122 Million Project Will Develop a Renewable...
VAUBAN INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS ANNOUNCES THE SIGNING OF AN AGREEMENT FOR THE ACQUISITION OF A LEADING DISTRICT ENERGY PLATFORM IN THE US
Vauban Infrastructure Partners (“Vauban”) announced today that on December 30, 2021, it entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the entire stake in DB Energy Assets, LLC (“DBEA”) and Beacon Energy Holdings LLC (“Detroit Thermal”) (together, the “Company”),...
ATLANTIC CITY MICROGRID PROJECT MOVES AHEAD
ATLANTIC CITY MICROGRID PROJECT MOVES AHEAD THE 20 MW SYSTEM WILL PROVIDE BACKUP POWER TO CRITICAL THERMAL ENERGY CUSTOMER BUILDINGS. Atlantic City was severely challenged by Superstorm Sandy in late October 2012, as the powerful storm system approached the...
CONSTRUCTION UNIT BEGINS DEVELOPMENT FOR PHOSPHATE RECOVERY PLANT
December 1, 2020, Mays Landing, New Jersey. DCO Construction Services, a subsidiary of DCO Energy, LLC, recently received notice to proceed to develop, construct and equip a new 35,000 square foot phosphate recovery plant for Mineral Development, LLC., in Bartow,...
NEW JERSEY COMPANY, EQUITY INVESTOR BUY DOVER COGENERATION PLANT
DB Energy Assets, LLC, a partnership of DCO Energy, LLC, and the second flagship Basalt fund “Basalt II,” acquired the natural gas-fired 111 MW Energy Center Dover, LLC from Clearway Energy Group, LLC. Energy Center Dover, LLC is a cogeneration facility that delivers...
GARY FROMER NAMED NEW CEO OF DCO ENERGY
Effective June 1, Gary Fromer will become chief executive officer of Mays Landing-based DCO Energy and DB Energy Assets. DCO’s founder Frank DiCola will retire from his role as co-chief executive officer and assume the role of executive chairman of the board for DCO...
WHEN YOUR CAMPUS MICROGRID WORKS SO WELL NO ONE NOTICES
You know you’ve done something right when your new campus microgrid islands so seamlessly that you don’t even know it happened. That’s what occurred in February, in response to a communications glitch, at Montclair State University (MSU), the second largest...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/2020/06/01/new-jersey-company-equity-investor-buy-dover-cogeneration-plant/

DB Energy Assets, LLC, a partnership of DCO Energy, LLC, and the second flagship Basalt fund “Basalt II,” acquired the natural gas-fired 111 MW Energy Center Dover, LLC from Clearway Energy Group, LLC.
Energy Center Dover, LLC is a cogeneration facility that delivers electricity to the Delmarva Power grid connection to PJM Interconnection. The plant produces thermal energy used by Kraft Heinz’s Dover food products plant and Proctor & Gamble’s Dover wipes manufacturing facility.
“We are very excited to operate this important cogeneration and power facility in Dover,” said Gary Fromer, CEO of DCO Energy. “As a long-time South Jersey-based organization, Delaware is literally in our backyard. Along with our Wilmington city district energy facility, we are thrilled to expand our role as part of the Delaware business community and to continue to deliver efficient, reliable power and thermal energy to our customers in Delaware.”
In 2017, DCO acquired thermal plant assets that help provide heating and cooling to commercial and government office buildings in downtown Wilmington, including 800 King Street and the New Castle County Courthouse. The district energy plant can heat and cool up to three million square feet of office space. The plant had been owned by Pepco, parent company of Delmarva Power.
DCO Energy, LLC is an independent energy development company specializing in the development, engineering, construction, start-up, commissioning, operation, maintenance and management, and ownership of central energy centers, renewable energy projects and combined heat, chilling and power production facilities across North America and the Caribbean. The comapny is based in Mays Landing, NJ.
Founded in 2000, DCO Energy has developed and operated energy systems delivering over 500 MW of electric power, 110,000 tons of chilled water, and more than four million pounds per hour of installed boiler capacity. For more information on DCO Energy, visit www.dcoenergy.com.
Basalt I and Basalt II are two of the flagship Basalt Infrastructure Partner funds. They are infrastructure equity investment funds focusing on investments in utilities, power, transport, and communications infrastructure in North America and Europe. For more information, visit www.basaltinfra.com.
Article Source https://delawarebusinessnow.com/2020/06/co-gen-plant/

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/careers/

JOIN US IN THIS PURPOSEFUL WORK
DCO Energy is one of the largest developers of cogeneration and renewable energy. Our team handles all aspects of engineering, construction, start-up, commissioning, and operating services. DCO Energy is always expanding and looking for dynamic, hardworking team members.
We look forward to hearing from you!
OUR COMMITMENT
We are committed to collaborating with qualiﬁed Minority-Owned Business Enterprises (MBE), Women-Owned Business Enterprises (WBE), and Small Business Enterprises. DCO has pledged to recruit, employ, and subcontract these businesses whenever possible to increase their visibility and economic viability, while enriching the diversity of perspectives within our organization.
For more information regarding employment opportunities with DCO Energy, LLC please contact: employment@dcoenergy.com
It is the policy of DCO Energy, LLC to afford equal opportunity for employment to all individuals regardless of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, creed, marital status, status as a veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/contact-us/

CONTACT US
CORPORATE OFFICES
100 Lenox Drive
Suite 100
Lawrenceville, New Jersey 08648
5429 Harding Highway, Building 500
Mays Landing, New Jersey 08330
866.614.6575 (TOLL FREE)
609.837.8099
GENERAL INQUIRIES
For general inquries, email info@dcoenergy.com
SEND US A MESSAGE

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/project/montclair-state-university/

Montclair State University
Site
Montclair, New Jersey
Project
UNIVERSITY CAMPUS MICROGRID – COMBINED HEATING, COOLING AND POWER
Role
DBOOM, EPC Contractor, Operate & Maintain
DCO Energy designed, constructed, owned, operates and maintains a combined heating, cooling and power plant (CHCP) and Microgrid Generation Center, Load Management System (LMS) and Energy Distribution System (EDS) at Montclair State University. The project provides cost-effective, efficient and reliable delivery of heating, cooling, electricity and emergency power to over 25 campus buildings. In 2022, the project was acquired by Cartier Energy, and DCO continues to operate and maintain the system.
- DCO designed, constructed, owned, operate and maintain
- 5.4MW electric generation
- 4,300 tons of cooling
- 100,000 lbs./hr. steam; 29 MMBtu/hr. heat recovery
- 1.6 MI of new steam, chilled water and condensate underground piping to over 25 buildings
- 20 years remaining contract term
In 2018, DCO developed and built a microgrid with additional generation (5 MW) and controls for black start, islanding and peak load reduction
- $1.3 million annual utility savings for university
- Dramatic improvement in power resiliency – average of 8 to 10 power interruptions annually reduced to zero interruptions with microgrid
- Financed through the only P3 municipal ﬁnancing for energy to date in the state of New Jersey

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/project/rutgers-cancer-institute-of-new-jersey/

Rutgers Cancer InstItute of New Jersey
Site
New Brunswick, New Jersey
Project
RCINJ Converter Station Site Preparation
Role
EPC Contractor, Operate & Maintain
Robert Wood Johnson Barnabas Health (RWJBH) is in the development of the new Jack & Sheryl Morris Cancer Pavilion in partnership with Rutgers Cancer Institute of New Jersey. The new Cancer Pavilion is in excess of 600,000 feet.
DCO worked in concert with New Brunswick Development Company and RWJBH on the development of and is the EPC (engineering, procurement, construction) contractor for and operator of the central utility plant (CUP) that will provide heat, cooling, electricity, and emergency power for the new RCINJ Cancer Pavilion. The CUP is a fully resilient microgrid and will provide energy services to satisfy the thermal and electric energy requirements of the facility, including:
- Natural Gas reciprocating engine CHP (2 MW of resilient power generation in microgrid configuration)
- Heat recovery
- Electricity (total of 9.5 MW of electric capacity)
- Chilled Water (3,680 tons)
- Steam (49,400 lbs/hour)
- Emergency Diesel Backup Generation (5 MW)
- Natural gas Peak shaving/emergency generator with heat recovery (2.5 MW)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/project/atlanticare-regional-medical-center/

AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center
Site
Atlantic City, New Jersey
Project
AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center
Role
EPC Contractor, Operate & Maintain
AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center (ACRMC) is a 276-bed teaching hospital in Atlantic City, NJ, and the region’s only Level II Trauma Center. The Medical Arts Building (MAB) is a recently constructed building that was developed to enhance access to quality care for the Atlantic City community. The MAB is also the home base for AtlantiCare’s Medical Education Program.
- ACRMC’s previous energy needs were served by central boiler and chiller plant with electricity provided by local electric utility.
- ACM Energy, LLC owns, operates, and maintains a district energy system serving the Midtown area of Atlantic City, which has a central plant and combined heat and power (CHP) system.
- DCO designed and constructed the new steam, condensate, chilled water supply and return lines and electrical distribution lines to ACRMC and MAB, connecting them to the district energy system for heating, cooling, domestic hot water, and process needs, as well as electricity from ACM’s resilient cogeneration plant.
- While connected to the district energy system, DCO continues to provide labor to supplement operations and maintenance of the hospital boiler and chiller plant.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/2025/11/06/vicinity-energy-commences-construction-of-industrial-scale-heat-pump-complex-in-partnership-with-dco-energy-and-everllence/

CAMBRIDGE, Mass.–(BUSINESS WIRE)--Vicinity Energy, a decarbonization leader with the nation’s largest portfolio of district energy systems, today announced agreements with Everllence [formerly MAN Energy Solutions], and DCO Energy. This partnership secures the latest achievement in Vicinity’s electrification strategy that is already well underway in Boston and Cambridge, locking in the installation of a 35MW river-based industrial-scale heat pump complex for steam generation with the ability to reach over 70 million square feet of building space.
A significant portion of this industrial-scale heat pump has already been secured through long-term contracts with leading medical and educational institutions, even before construction has begun. This interest underscores both the strong demand and market confidence surrounding decarbonization.
The industrial-scale heat pump will be provided by Everllence while the installation and balance of plant modifications will be completed by DCO. A natural gas boiler will be removed to make way for the new, emissions-free heat pump, with demolition already underway in preparation for the heat pump installation at Vicinity’s Kendall Square facility by 2028. The heat pump will be collocated at the existing Kendall plant site, leveraging Kendall’s existing electrical interconnect. This technology will enable Vicinity to harness the inherent heat of the Charles River, turning it into a renewable energy resource to generate and deliver carbon-free thermal energy, known as eSteam™, to its customers.
As the baseload generating equipment for the company’s electrification plans in Boston and Cambridge, this innovative system will be the first to utilize the Charles River as a renewable resource to produce carbon-free steam, representing a significant leap forward in sustainable energy production. The company also plans to install thermal storage technologies to provide on-demand eSteam™ production from renewable electricity.
The net impact of the project is multifaceted: customers gain access to carbon-free thermal energy, citizens of Boston and Cambridge breathe significantly cleaner air, local laborers and unions gain access to quality jobs, and the Charles River ecosystem benefits from reduced temperatures.
“Execution of this project makes Vicinity’s vision of decarbonizing cities at scale a reality,” said Kevin Hagerty, CEO at Vicinity Energy. “Powered by renewable electricity to safely and efficiently harvest energy from the Charles River, this represents rapid advancement in electrification for U.S. district energy systems, demonstrating how proven heat pump technology can be deployed at scale to decarbonize cities. It enables immediate, scalable carbon reductions without the need for costly and time-intensive new electrical infrastructure in Greater Boston. We are establishing the blueprint of how to decarbonize a U.S. city and will be installing similar innovative electrification technologies at our district energy systems across 12 U.S. cities.”
The agreement with Everllence to build a river-source heat pump complex at Vicinity’s Kendall facility relies on the Charles River’s thermal energy, an untapped renewable energy resource.
“The heating sector still drives a major portion of global CO₂ emissions, and the energy transition simply cannot succeed without decarbonizing heat,” said Uwe Lauber at Everllence. “District heating remains one of the most efficient and sustainable ways to deliver thermal energy to commercial and industrial users. With this latest agreement, we are taking a major step forward with Vicinity to bring our proven mega heat pump technology to the U.S. market. Together, we are demonstrating how district energy systems can shift away from fossil fuels while maintaining resilience and performance.”
Previously, Vicinity installed a new 42MW electric boiler at its Kendall facility, which provides carbon-free thermal energy to its Boston partners through the established 29-miles of steam piping that runs underneath the city — the Boston and Cambridge district energy system. eSteamTM customers currently include IQHQ and Emerson College. By adopting eSteamTM , these institutions are not only advancing their sustainability goals but also positioning themselves to comply with local requirements such as BERDO and BEUDO, while aligning with Massachusetts’ Stretch Energy Code.
“Our priority is delivering reliable, practical solutions that make economic sense,” said Gary Fromer, CEO at DCO Energy. “Vicinity’s heat pump installation is a smart investment—it reduces emissions without compromising performance, and it’s built to operate efficiently over the long term. It’s a real-world step toward sustainability that works for today and the future. This collaboration builds upon the recent success of our joint projects in Philadelphia, further strengthening our track record of delivering innovative, sustainable energy solutions together.”
Building on the blueprint established in Boston and Cambridge, Vicinity is applying lessons learned to guide decarbonization plans in other cities. Progress is already underway in Grand Rapids, where installation of a 9MW electric boiler has begun, marking the city’s first step toward electrification. While each location will follow its own path and timelines, Vicinity is committed to advancing sustainable, scalable solutions across its portfolio. Click here to read more about Vicinity’s district energy systems and its commitment to innovation and the environment.
About Everllence
https://www.everllence.com/
Everllence (formerly MAN Energy Solutions) is a leading provider of propulsion, decarbonization and efficiency solutions for shipping, the energy economy and industry. True to our motto – ‘Moving big things to zero’ – we help key industries in the global economy to reduce hard-to-abate emissions. Our technologies have a measurable impact on the success of the global energy transition. Headquartered in Germany, Everllence employs some 15,000 people at over 140 sites globally. Our after-sales brand, Everllence PrimeServ, also supports our customers through its worldwide service-center network.
About DCO Energy
https://www.dcoenergy.com/about/
DCO Energy (DCO) is a nationally recognized developer of sustainable and renewable energy facilities that enriches the communities it operates by partnering with contractors, businesses, and talent. DCO Energy applies robust and innovative design, construction, and operation methodologies resulting in sustainable and safe solutions for owners in different industry sectors.
About Vicinity Energy
Vicinity Energy is the largest owner and operator of district energy systems dedicated to decarbonizing its operations and investing in innovative renewable thermal energy technologies to offer carbon-free eSteam™ to its customers. Operating 19 district energy systems in 12 cities, Vicinity delivers reliable and sustainable steam, hot water, and chilled water to 250 million square feet of building space nationwide. As Vicinity advances its electrification efforts across its locations, the goal to achieve net zero by 2050 is more than a commitment—it’s a mission. Learn more about Vicinity’s vision for a clean energy future at www.vicinityenergy.us.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/2025/05/22/celebrating-valerie-moran-pwc-2025-women-of-achievement-honoree/

On May 21, 2025, PWC NJ proudly hosted its Annual Women of Achievement Awards Luncheon at Liberty House in Jersey City. This inspiring event honored four exceptional women making meaningful contributions to New Jersey’s AEC industry who shared their stories:
- Patrice Clark
Owner, Senior Vice President
Vericon Construction - Jennifer D’Emilio
Interim Director of Engineering at Summit West
Bristol Myers Squibb - Valerie Moran
Executive Vice President
JDC Energy Services - Jill Schiff
Chief Operating Officer
ACCNJ
The luncheon also featured the announcement of the 2025 PWC NJ Scholarship recipients. Proceeds from the event support PWC NJ’s ongoing scholarship program, empowering future leaders in the industry.
With a record-breaking number of attendees, this year’s event was our biggest yet — a testament to the strength of our community and our shared commitment to empowering women at every stage.
A special thank you to our sponsors!
Event Sponsors
- ACCNJ
- Railroad Construction Company, Inc.
- Vericon Construction
Bar Sponsors
- Almasi Site Contractors
- Arc Building Partners
- Black Hawk, Inc.
- Consigli
- Fromkin Brothers, Inc.
- Maverick Building Services
- Orion Interiors
- Simple Safety Solutions

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/2025/05/13/chiller-optimization-project-at-midtown-thermal-control-center-provides-20-reduction-in-production-costs/

About
Portfolio
Services
Energy Efficiency
Community Connection
Affiliates
Sustainability
News
Careers
Contact
Select Page
Chiller Optimization Project at Midtown Thermal Control Center provides 20% reduction in production costs
DCO Atlantic City Article
Download

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/2025/03/04/crda-and-dco-energy-efficiency-unveil-transformative-energy-andworkforce-development-project-in-atlantic-city/

Atlantic City, NJ (February 27, 2025) – The Casino Reinvestment Development Authority (CRDA), in partnership with DCO Energy, is redefining energy systems and enhancing sustainability in Atlantic City, focusing on The Atlantic City Convention Center and the historic Jim Whelan Boardwalk Hall.
The launch of an ambitious $77M Energy Savings Infrastructure Program (ESIP) represents a dual-impact investment in Atlantic City’s future. Focused on the Atlantic City Convention Center and historic Jim Whelan Boardwalk Hall, this groundbreaking initiative emphasizes sustainability, operational efficiency, and community empowerment, positioning Atlantic City as a leader in renewable energy innovation and economic development.
“The ESIP program allows us to address the utility costs for our buildings with newer technology and the ability to provide revenue to the CRDA,” said CRDA Executive Director Eric Scheffler. “By combining sustainable energy with workforce development, we’re strengthening infrastructure and empowering the community for a brighter future.”
*Over the next 20 years, this initiative is expected to generate a total savings of $90.3 million, broken down as follows:
- $54,813,754 in Energy Savings
- $34,649,851 in Solar Savings
- $878,505 in Operational Savings
*In addition to these cost savings, the project is anticipated to generate significant financial incentives:
- $7,546,891 in Rebates & Investment Tax Credit (ITC)
- $11,883,961 in SREC Revenue
*Cost savings and financial incentive calculations provided by DCO Energy Efficiency.
This transformative project includes the following upgrades:
- Construction of a New Chilled Water and Hot Water Plant: Providing the Convention Center with full heating and cooling redundancy for improved operational reliability.
- Installation of 7.5 MW Solar Arrays: Featuring 5 MW at the Atlantic City Convention Center and 2.5 MW at Jim Whelan Boardwalk Hall, replacing outdated systems with advanced renewable energy solutions.
- Substantial LED Lighting Upgrade: A comprehensive modernization of lighting systems, generating $763,636 in annual energy savings—over 50% of the project’s total energy savings.
- Integration with Atlantic City Electric: Strengthening the regional energy grid with clean energy distribution and enhanced resilience.
This innovative project reflects CRDA’s steadfast commitment to fiscal responsibility, environmental sustainability, and reducing Atlantic City’s operational costs and carbon footprint, positioning the city as a model for renewable energy innovation and economic growth.
“This initiative reflects CRDA’s innovative vision, merging energy solutions with community development,” said Visit Atlantic City President and CEO Gary Musich. “Projects like this allow us to remain competitive and pave the way for us to offer our clients an attractive, affordable and sustainable venue for meetings, events and conventions.”
Other highlights of this program include Workforce Development and Education Innovation with two impactful programs: The Competitive Edge Program and the Train-to-Hire Program in Atlantic City.
Educational Innovation: The Competitive Edge Program
This program equips Atlantic City students and young professionals with hands-on learning experiences and direct exposure to careers in renewable energy and engineering.
Key benefits include:
- Hands-On Learning: Participants gain experience working on real-world renewable energy and infrastructure projects.
- Mentorship Opportunities: Guidance from seasoned industry professionals to help participants build skills and confidence.
- Career Pathways: Access to internships, certifications, and career opportunities in STEM fields.
Workforce Development: The Train-to-Hire Program
Complementing the Competitive Edge Program is the Train-to-Hire Program, a 12-week initiative aimed at equipping Atlantic City residents with the tools to succeed in trade careers. Overseen by Jingoli Power and Atlantic City Electric, the program has helped local residents secure employment over the past six years.
The curriculum includes:
- Construction Basics
- Workplace Safety
- Life and Employability Skills
- Financial Management & Literacy
- Case Management Services
“This initiative exemplifies our commitment to driving innovation and creating opportunities,” said Valerie Moran, Sr Vice President DCO Energy Efficiency. “By integrating programs like Competitive Edge and Train-to-Hire, we’re not just building infrastructure—we’re empowering Atlantic City’s next generation of leaders and skilled professionals.”
Together, these programs demonstrate the CRDA’s commitment to fostering sustainability, operational excellence and community empowerment, ensuring Atlantic City remains a leader in innovation and economic development.
DCO Energy Efficiency Business will work closely with representatives of CRDA, NJPBU, New Jersey Department of Community Affairs as well as the building’s facility managers, Oak View Group, to oversee and accomplish the ESIP project.
About the Casino Reinvestment Development Authority
The only agency of its kind nationwide, the CRDA has used Atlantic City casino reinvestments as a catalyst for meaningful, positive improvement in the lives of New Jersey residents since 1984. Under the 2011 Tourism District Act, the Authority’s mission evolved from statewide projects to becoming the state’s key economic development agency for Atlantic City. CRDA’s expanded responsibilities now include land use regulation, tourism marketing and clean and safe initiatives. The CRDA also oversees Historic Boardwalk Hall (the leading entertainment venue of its size in the country) and the Atlantic City Convention Center. In total, CRDA has invested nearly $2 billion in more than 400 projects statewide, of which $1.8 billion has been invested in Atlantic City, spurring business investments and expansions, and creating permanent jobs in the process. For more information about CRDA and our projects, visit www.njcrda.com, and follow us on Facebook and X.
For complete Atlantic City tourism information, visit www.visitatlanticcity.com, and follow us on Facebook, Instagram, X, and YouTube.
About DCO Energy
DCO Energy is a nationally recognized developer of sustainable and renewable energy facilities that enriches the communities it operates by partnering with contractors, businesses, and talent. DCO Energy applies robust and innovative design, construction, and operation methodologies resulting in sustainable and safe solutions for owners in different industry sectors.
Contact:
For CRDA: Karen Martin, Director Marketing & Communications, 609-449-7154, kmartin@njcrda.com
For DCO: Valerie Moran, Executive Vice President Energy Efficiency Business, 732-754-6718, valeriem@dcoenergy.com
For Visit Atlantic City: Jessica Kasunich, Director of Communications, 609-318-6062, jessicak@visitatlanticcity.com
For Oak View Group: Rachel Matteson, Senior Marketing Manager, 609-348-7023, Rachel.matteson@oakviewgroup.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/2024/06/06/dco-energy-soars-by-ranking-145th-in-engineering-news-record-enr-top-400-contractors-rankings-and-fortifies-rank-15th-in-power-in-all-of-the-united-states/

Lawrenceville, New Jersey – June 6, 2024 – DCO Energy (DCO) is thrilled to announce its ranking of 145th out of 400 Top Contractors in all of the United States. Engineering New-Record (ENR), a notable industry-leading publication in the United States, published DCO Energy’s noteworthy achievement online on May 27, 2024.
DCO’s achievements extend beyond the overall ranking. The company secured 15th place in the Power sector and 11th in Hazardous Waste, solidifying its position as a top contender in these critical industries in the entire nation.
“The ENR Top 400 is a highly respected benchmark in our industry,” says Gary Fromer, CEO of DCO Energy. “Being recognized among the nation’s elite firms is a testament to our entire team’s expertise and unwavering dedication to customer success and safety. Congratulations to all DCO employees on this incredible accomplishment.”
About DCO Energy
DCO Energy is a nationally recognized developer of sustainable and renewable energy facilities that enriches the communities it operates by partnering with contractors, businesses, and talent. DCO Energy applies robust and innovative design, construction, and operation methodologies resulting in sustainable and safe solutions for owners in different industry sectors.
Contact
Alexandra Jingoli | Marketing Director – ajingoli@jingoli.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/2023/10/23/dco-energy-and-jersey-city-public-schools-embark-on-energy-savings-improvement-program-project-largest-project-approved-by-the-new-jersey-board-of-public-utilities-to-date/

New Jersey-Based DCO Energy and Jersey City Public Schools Embark on Energy Savings Improvement Program Project – Largest Project Approved by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities to Date
Community-Enriching $122 Million Project Will Develop a Renewable Future for Jersey City Public Schools
Lawrenceville, New Jersey (October 23, 2023) —DCO Energy has finalized a contract for a $122 million Energy Savings Improvement Program (ESIP), the largest ESIP ever approved by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (NJBPU) to help assist and develop a renewable future for Jersey City Public Schools, the third largest public school district in New Jersey. DCO Energy has over 75 ESIP projects on their portfolio amounting in over $725 million in total project dollars. Jersey City Public School District has a total of 44 schools, representing 5.5 million square feet, and will receive significant renovations and improvements.
DCO Energy will work closely with representatives of the Jersey City School Board, NJPBU and the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs to oversee and accomplish the ESIP project for a brighter, sustainable future for students and educators in Jersey City. Thanks to fantastic long-term facility improvements, 1,100 local well-paying careers will be available in the Jersey City area.
“Over my thirty-plus years of industry experience, it has never been more exciting to see Jersey City Public Schools investing in a sustainable, greener future for students and staff,” said Dr. Dennis Frohnapfel, Acting Business Administrator of Jersey City Public Schools District. “By partnering with DCO Energy and funding from American Rescue Plan (ARP), we will modernize the district’s facilities while reducing our energy and operational expenses. This is a win-win for everyone, but most importantly for the students of Jersey City.”
Also, the ESIP project will receive an additional allocation of $64 million in federal grant funding and capital reserve to help assist the development of exciting new sustainable improvements in the district. This is funding through the American Rescue Plan Elementary and Secondary School Emergency Relief Fund (ARP ESSER) established under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES). In 2021, the act was created during the pandemic to help assist schools safely reopen and operate sustainably.
The ESIP project will deliver new LED Lighting, upgraded automation, renovated heating and cooling systems, water conservation and infrastructure improvements. These measures will help the district save money and reduce its carbon footprint. Eight schools in Jersey City will receive newly installed HVAC ventilation systems that decrease the schools’ energy use and deliver cutting-edge indoor air quality enhancements for students and teachers.
“This project is a testament to the sustainable and health safety priorities of Jersey City Public Schools,” said Dr. Norma Fernandez, Superintendent of Jersey City Public Schools District. “We are committed to providing a green, safe, and healthy learning environment for all students and staff. Installing new HVAC equipment and solar panels will significantly improve indoor air quality and reduce emissions, allowing the school district to redirect the funding into educational programs while improving the quality of classrooms for students.”
Jersey City Public Schools will experience the benefits of green energy thanks to installing new cutting-edge solar energy technologies. Thirty-one schools will have renewable solar generation of almost 11,000,000 kWh of electricity. All the new solar energy created in the school district will help improve the district’s overall energy portfolio. With this technological advance, its green footprint will advance and generate 42% of its power on-site via solar.
Over the next 20 years, the school district expects to save $88 million thanks to the positive improvements to the energy eco-system.
“This critical project will carve a path for a sustainable future for Jersey City Public Schools and set a shining example of what the future will look like as others add capital improvements,” said Valerie Moran, Senior Vice President of DCO Energy. “The school district will save money on energy costs, reduce its carbon footprint, and create jobs in the community. Students and staff will benefit from improved indoor air quality and a brighter, more sustainable future.”
DCO Energy’s philosophy focuses on leaving a lasting impact on the communities in which it works, not only from the standpoint of facility improvements, but also from the involvement of students and residents. In partnership with Jersey City Public Schools, DCO Energy and its Competitive Edge team, will deploy local education resources to deliver customized educational programs for Jersey City Public School students. The programs will introduce and expand knowledge of STEM/STEAM through hands-on learning experiences covering the topics of women in engineering, Live Classroom instruction, and Train-to-Hire programs from DCO team leaders.
More information about the Competitive Edge collaboration can be found here: https://www.jerseycitypublicschoolsesip.com/energy-education.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/2022/01/05/vauban-infrastructure-partners-announces-the-signing-of-an-agreement-for-the-acquisition-of-a-leading-district-energy-platform-in-the-us/

Vauban Infrastructure Partners (“Vauban”) announced today that on December 30, 2021, it entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the entire stake in DB Energy Assets, LLC (“DBEA”) and Beacon Energy Holdings LLC (“Detroit Thermal”) (together, the “Company”), which collectively own a portfolio of eight district cooling and heating systems across the Northeast and Michigan, from Basalt Infrastructure Partners II LP (“Basalt“) and DCO Energy, LLC (“DCO Energy“).
The Company has an attractive portfolio of district cooling and heating systems diversified by location, technology and customers, alongside an experienced management team that will support the platform, its existing customer base and its long-term growth following closing. The Company currently operates across six states, providing reliable, sustainable, and cost-efficient sources of energy solutions to a diverse customer base including universities, urban centers, hospitals, and commercial and industrial customers.
Under Basalt’s ownership, the Company enhanced its asset base and executed on a number of strategic projects and opportunities. Following the completion of the acquisition, Vauban will partner with DCO Energy who will continue to operate and maintain the facilities under a long-term contract. DCO Energy will also support the Vauban team with its carbon footprint reduction objectives and ongoing investment in the development and expansion of the facilities and asset base. DCO Energy is an industry-leading developer and operator with experience managing the facilities, as it has driven the development and/or acquisition of the facilities in the Northeast and has operated these facilities post-development or acquisition.
This acquisition will expand Vauban’s global footprint to the United States and demonstrates Vauban’s strong commitment to sustainability, while building upon its significant experience owning and managing district energy systems. Vauban’s interest in acquiring the Company and the facilities is also driven by its commitment to support the ongoing operations of the Company and advance the Company’s long-term growth, as it believes there is an opportunity to substantially expand the Company’s customer base while reducing the environmental impact of the facilities over time.
The transaction will leverage Vauban’s significant experience in the district energy and heating sector since 2016. Vauban currently holds controlling interests in five assets, totaling C1 – Public Natixis
~USD 2.2bn in enterprise value in Finland, France, Italy, Norway, and Spain. The deal echoes Vauban’s strategy of building long-term relationships with industrial partners. Vauban benefited from the support of its three local Senior Advisors and experts (Leonie Maruani, Steven Klein, and Olivier Ta) with combined experience of over 60 years in the North American infrastructure market.
Gwenola Chambon, CEO and Founding Partner at Vauban Infrastructure Partners comments: “Through this landmark transaction, Vauban Infrastructure Partners enters into the U.S. district energy market. This acquisition will allow Vauban to leverage its considerable experience in the European district energy market and is an important first step for Vauban in building a sustainable, long-term platform in the United States.”
Mounir Corm, Deputy CEO and Founding Partner comments: “This groundbreaking acquisition in the U.S. district energy market expands our global energy transition and district energy footprint. Vauban is delighted to strengthen its presence in district heating networks and to support their development in the United States, through a long-term collaboration with DCO Energy, which is in line with our strategy to build long-term relationships with industrial partners.”
Gary Fromer, Chief Executive Officer at DCO Energy also remarked: “Over the last few years, in partnership with Basalt, we have significantly invested in and scaled our portfolio of district energy assets. We are excited by our new long-term partnership with Vauban Infrastructure Partners, and look forward to continuing to deliver reliable services to the customers, supporting the communities in which we operate, and participating in the continued development of the Company and its facilities.”
David Greenblatt, Head of North America at Basalt said: “Basalt Infrastructure Partners LLC is pleased to have had the opportunity to partner with DCO Energy and the management teams at DBEA and Detroit Thermal. Their steadfast commitment to safely providing sustainable energy across our district energy customer base while executing on organic growth and follow-on acquisitions meaningfully contributed to the success of the business.”
The closing of the transaction is subject to the satisfaction of customary regulatory and other approvals.
Vauban was advised by RBC Capital Markets as a financial advisor and Allen & Overy as legal advisor, as well as KPMG, Arup, PA Consulting Group, Cushman & Wakefield and Aon.
Basalt and DCO Energy were advised by TD Securities as financial advisor and Morgan Lewis & Bockius as legal advisor.
About Vauban Infrastructure Partners
Vauban Infrastructure Partners is a leading Infrastructure Asset Manager focused on the core infrastructure investments. Headquartered in Paris, it employs 56 professionals who have been working together for a decade. Vauban is the fully fledged affiliate of Natixis Investment C1 – Public Natixis
Managers, dedicated to sustainable infrastructure equity investments. Vauban targets predominantly midmarket infrastructure assets pursuing a long-term yield-driven strategy matching the underlying nature of assets and long-term commitment to all stakeholders’ interests through a strong focus on creating sustainable value. Vauban has raised c. $7.3 billion across 6 funds in core infrastructure from over 70 investors within 14 different countries and has invested in over 65 assets in mobility, energy transition, social & digital infrastructure across 11 different geographies.
About DCO Energy, LLC
DCO Energy, LLC is an independent developer and operator of energy assets, specializing in the development, engineering, construction, start up, commissioning, operation, maintenance and management, as well as, ownership of district energy assets, renewable energy projects and power generation facilities. DCO was formed in 2000 with a core team of energy experts.
About Basalt Infrastructure Partners LLC
Basalt Infrastructure Partners LLC is a leading mid-market infrastructure firm with offices in London and New York focused on equity investments in utilities, power, transport, and digital infrastructure in North America and Europe.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/2021/08/31/atlantic-city-microgrid-project-moves-ahead/

ATLANTIC CITY MICROGRID PROJECT MOVES AHEAD
THE 20 MW SYSTEM WILL PROVIDE BACKUP POWER TO CRITICAL THERMAL ENERGY CUSTOMER BUILDINGS.
Atlantic City was severely challenged by Superstorm Sandy in late October 2012, as the powerful storm system approached the southeastern U.S. and made landfall along the New Jersey coast. Approximately 8.5 million people lost electric service, and several New Jersey cities and towns were devastated. Property damage was estimated to be over $70 billion in areas of the U.S. affected by the storm.
Superstorm Sandy tested Atlantic City’s ability to continue to provide critical health care services, offer public shelter of any significant consequence and maintain essential police and fire services during and – perhaps more importantly – after the weather event for an extended period of time. Despite a mandatory evacuation order, approximately 20,000 largely low-and moderate-income families lacking transportation sheltered in place and then struggled for more than a week with flooding and lack of access to services.
The urban city of Atlantic City is vulnerably situated on a narrow barrier island with no on-island utility electric generation resources. All electric power resources serving the city rely solely on a radial utility subtransmission circuit system connecting the island remotely from the mainland electric transmission grid system. In recent years, however, efforts have been underway to increase the reliability and resilience of the local energy infrastructure. DCO Energy is planning to add a microgrid to its Atlantic City district energy system, the Midtown Thermal Control Center. The project will ensure that connected customers have uninterrupted power should another major emergency cause a grid outage. DCO Energy has been working with the city, local utility and state board of public utilities to develop the concept.
MIDTOWN THERMAL CONTROL CENTER
The Midtown Thermal Control Center (MTCC) was built in 1996 as a district energy plant to supply steam and chilled water to several facilities in the midtown area of Atlantic City. Today, MTCC is co-owned by DCO Energy and Basalt Infrastructure Partners. Customers include Bally’s, Caesars and Wild, Wild West casino-hotels; The Claridge hotel; the Pier Shops; and historic Boardwalk Hall. In addition, the system is in the process of adding the existing AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center to take steam, chilled water and electric from the MTCC cogen facility, as well as the new AtlantiCare Medical Arts Pavilion to use steam and electric. The system’s 4-mile-long thermal distribution network runs along and in dedicated rights of way within the city and has functioned flawlessly into its third decade of operation.
In 2012, a combined heat and power plant was installed at MTCC, featuring a dual-fuel combustion gas turbine (5.4 MW) and a heat recovery steam generator with supplemental gas firing to provide up to 66,000 lb/hr of steam capacity. The electric power generated is used in-house at the plant, and any excess power is currently exported to the grid. Fortunately, later in 2012, when Superstorm Sandy impacted the island, the new CHP system stayed on line during the entire storm. The MTCC has a total steam capacity of 285,356 lb/hr (inclusive of boilers and heat recovery steam generator) and a chilled-water capacity of 16,287 tons.
NEW JERSEY’S TOWN CENTER MICROGRID PROGRAM
Plans to shore up Atlantic City’s energy infrastructure have received the support of state programs in recent years. In 2015, New Jersey updated its Energy Master Plan, establishing a new overarching goal to “improve energy infrastructure resiliency and emergency preparedness and response” after several extreme weather events had left many people and businesses without power. The policy recommendations were aimed at increasing the use of micrgrid technologies and applications for distributed energy resources to improve grid reliability and resilience in future major storms.
As a first step toward achieving this goal, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (NJBPU) initiated the Town Center Distributed Energy Resources (TC DER) Microgrid program. It includes measures to help New Jersey become more resilient, particularly with respect to critical facilities. For the purposes of this program, a TC DER microgrid is defined as a cluster of critical facilities within a municipal boundary that may also operate as shelter for the public during and after an emergency event or provide services that are essential to function during and after an emergency situation. These critical facilities are to be connected to a single or a series of distributed energy resources that can operate while isolated from the main grid due to a power outage.
After the announcement of the TC DER program, DCO Energy approached the city of Atlantic City about the possibility of creating a microgrid together – given the company’s existing district energy system in Midtown and its very positive long-term relationship with the city.
The TC DER Microgrid program has established incentives to encourage local and state governments to develop microgrids in their jurisdictions. The Phase I incentive program incentivized feasibility studies. Applicants were limited to local government entities or state agencies that own or manage critical facilities. DCO Energy worked with the city on its application for this incentive.
The NJBPU evaluated 13 applications for Phase I incentives. All 13, including the Atlantic City microgrid project, received a combined $2 million in feasibility study grants. The applicants were also informed that they would be eligible to apply for a Phase II incentive that would provide funding, on a competitive basis, for the design of their TC DER microgrids. The Phase II incentive program required at least a 30 percent completed design and was intended to help move projects toward further development and construction.
IN MARCH 2021, THE ATLANTIC CITY MICROGRID PROJECT RECEIVED A $1.125 MILLION PHASE II INCENTIVE GRANT.
In March 2021, under an NJBPU order, the Atlantic City microgrid project received a $1.125 million grant from the Phase II incentive program. The incentive is designed to promote the use of renewable distributed energy resources and clean energy technologies such as energy storage and electric vehicle charging. This incentive also aims to promote microgrid services to facilities designated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) as Category III and Category IV (in terms of the consequences and risks to building occupants in the event of a building failure). Applying microgrid projects were required to serve at least two such facilities. Among the customers of the proposed Atlantic City microgrid, the AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center City Campus meets the FEMA Category IV classification as an inpatient health facility, and Boardwalk Hall meets the Category III classification as a public shelter. Many of the hotels that would be served by the microgrid are not classified by FEMA but likely exceed its Category III classification.
At an NJBPU meeting announcing the Phase II awards, Joseph Fiordaliso, NJBPU president, acknowledged the importance of microgrids in serving these essential and other connected facilities. He remarked, “As the recent events in Texas have reminded us, infrastructure resilience is critical to maintaining reliable energy and utility services in the event of an emergency.”
The city of Atlantic City microgrid project was one of eight to be awarded this Phase II incentive. The grant it received was also the largest awarded – equivalent to 28 percent of the available funding under this incentive. Besides considering the number and type of FEMA Category III and IV critical facilities served, the award was based on how the microgrid will support the community during a grid outage, the readiness of the project to proceed from design to development and construction, the degree of resilience the microgrid would offer, the clean energy technologies to be incorporated and the approach to reducing peak electric demand and greenhouse gas emissions.
On receipt of the award, Atlantic City Mayor Marty Small Sr. noted, “We are currently investing more than $100 million in making Atlantic City one of the most resilient cities in the state, and now we are close to having one of the largest microgrids in New Jersey.”
ATLANTIC CITY MICROGRID OVERVIEW
The Atlantic City microgrid will utilize existing in-city resources to maximize value. According to DCO Energy’s best knowledge, nothing of this scale and scope exists anywhere to support critical energy services to an urban community during periods of weather and other emergencies.
The project will leverage the existing thermal resources at the MTCC, with the installation of a gas turbine generation resource – creating a 20 MW CHP microgrid to provide additional energy-efficient electricity, heating and cooling to participating customers (fig. 1). When the microgrid is complete, the project will add up to 150,000 lb/hr of new steam capacity based at MTCC; and while the project doesn’t intend to add chilled-water production capacity, it will replace aging electric chillers with highly efficient chillers using waste heat from the electric generation.
The new microgrid will serve the AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center City Campus (see sidebar), Bally’s and Caesars casino-hotels and the historic Jim Whelan Boardwalk Hall. By supporting the full operation of Boardwalk Hall, hotel
residency and food services during an extended grid outage, the microgrid will provide resilient, conditioned spaces to shelter area residents, health care workers and Atlantic City emergency personnel during and after emergency situations.
The project will convert 6,000 tons of current electric chilling at MTCC to waste heat steam-driven chillers, sustainably saving an estimated 25 million kWh per year. Electrically, the new turbine will be interconnected at MTCC with the local utility’s (Atlantic City Electric) existing subtransmission circuits currently located at the thermal plant. Isolating breakers and automatically operated switches will then be installed to isolate MTCC, the AtlantiCare campus, Bally’s, Caesars and Boardwalk Hall from the residual Atlantic City Electric grid utilizing existing electric distribution infrastructure, upon demand.
The proposed Atlantic City micro-grid will generate electricity to be provided to Atlantic City Electric and distributed through its existing distribution system – not requiring new electric infrastructure. Microgrid customers will still be Atlantic City Electric customers. A new microgrid rate will be developed to accommodate this.
AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center and Medical Arts Pavilion
Among the facilities served by the new microgrid will be the AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center Atlantic City Campus and its new Medical Arts Pavilion, anticipated to open in late 2022 across the street from the hospital. According to James Kilmer, vice president and chief administrative officer, AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center Atlantic City Campus, and leader, AtlantiCare’s system Emergency Preparedness Team: “The delivery of steam, chilled water and electricity will ensure we continue to have a resilient, reliable, efficient and cost-effective energy source as we care for our community. Beyond the care we provide within the walls of our facilities, being part of the Atlantic City microgrid is another way for AtlantiCare to contribute to the overall well-being of the Atlantic City community.”
MULTIPLE BENEFITS
The project will deliver many benefits to the city of Atlantic City, residents and utility ratepayers, and district energy system customers:
An energy resource that provides electric generation on the island – Current electric generation on the island is the 5.4 MW at MTCC. The existing electric generation from Atlantic City Electric is off-island, with the nearest generation resource 35 miles away.
Resiliency and redundancy – The microgrid will have capacity to serve the peak electric requirements of customers on the microgrid. It will have islanding as well as blackstart capabilities, allowing it to function if utility power is not available.
Savings for thermal energy customers – State law in New Jersey provides for exemption from sales and use tax for off-site customers that receive thermal energy from a CHP system.
Emissions reductions – The microgrid is estimated to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 76,034 tons per year (41 percent) based on avoided emissions for electric generation, boilers and use of CHP.
Atlantic City Electric load reduction – Converting the existing electric chillers at MTCC to steam-driven chillers will displace the electricity currently consumed by electric chillers, approximately 25 million kWh. This will have a significant impact on energy efficiency and peak load in this region.
Local jobs – Developing the new micro-grid will result in new, high-quality construction and operations jobs in Atlantic City. In order to develop talent for these jobs, DCO Energy operates its Competitive Edge program, training local, diverse community members for technical careers.
Support for clean energy – It is anticipated that electric vehicle charging stations will be incorporated into the Atlantic City microgrid design – for public use and, potentially, for use by electric-converted public passenger vans operated by the Atlantic City Jitney Association.
DCO Energy is currently working with the city of Atlantic City, NJBPU and Atlantic City Electric to design and implement the microgrid. Conceptual engineering and the design package have been completed. The next steps are to submit a revised air permit application to the state and a revised plan to the Casino Reinvestment Development Authority for review and approval.
A project feasibility study by Atlantic City Electric and DCO Energy will need to be completed to determine the most cost-effective solution for (1) utilizing the utility’s existing distribution with a new microgrid control system, (2) creating a new private network from the MTCC plant or (3) Atlantic City Electric creating a new microgrid network. Once a clear path is finalized, this will enable both DCO and the utility to move the project toward implementation.
It is anticipated that, with the necessary rate and regulatory changes, the Atlantic City microgrid could be operational in late 2022.
Source: District Energy Magazine

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/2020/12/02/construction-unit-begins-development-for-phosphate-recovery-plant/

December 1, 2020, Mays Landing, New Jersey. DCO Construction Services, a subsidiary of DCO Energy, LLC, recently received notice to proceed to develop, construct and equip a new 35,000 square foot phosphate recovery plant for Mineral Development, LLC., in Bartow, Florida. For the past year, DCO has been working with Mineral Development in the development of the project.
Lance McNeil, CEO of Mineral Development, LLC, stated “MDL is extremely pleased to work with DCO on this secondary recovery project. MDL selected DCO because of its outstanding track record of on-time and on-budget delivery. Secondary recovery reprocesses old mine tailings into high-quality feedstock for fertilizer production. The project only extracts material from land that has been previously mined, the vast majority of which was disturbed before mandatory reclamation regulations, and MDL will reclaim this land according to modern reclamation standards. Secondary recovery is an efficient and responsible way to provide the world with the resources it requires to feed its growing population. It creates jobs for the community, supplies high-quality products to support farmers, and increases the value of the land.”
The phosphate recovery plant will recover and process 1.2 million tons per year of marketable phosphate by surface mining of mineral-rich sand tailings left behind from mining operations from 1930 to 1980 on the former Noralyn Phosphate Mine. The process is referred to as Secondary Recovery, leveraging improved technology and methods to make recovery of phosphate feasible and eco-friendly. The project has been funded via the issuance of $90 million in industrial development revenue bonds by the Polk County Industrial Development Authority.
The Engineer of Record working for DCO is Penn Pro Engineering, a local Central Florida firm. Frank DiCola, Executive Chairman of DCO Energy, stated, “DCO is looking forward to working with the MDL team on completing this exciting project in Central Florida. During the last year, DCO has been supporting the MDL Team during the development process, and we are pleased to see it moving into the engineering and construction phase. We hope to see many more projects in the future.” The project is targeted for completion in late 2022.
For media inquiries, please contact Jon Wohl, SVP Project Development, DCO Energy (609) 512-2206 info@dcoenergy.com.
About DCO Energy:
DCO Energy, LLC is an independent energy and industrial process development company specializing in the development, engineering, construction, start-up, commissioning, operation, maintenance and management, and ownership of central energy centers, renewable energy and industrial process projects and combined heat, chilling and power (CHCP) production facilities across North America and the Caribbean. Founded in 2000, DCO Energy has developed and operated energy systems delivering over 500 MW of electric power, 110,000 tons of chilled water, and more than four million pounds per hour of installed boiler capacity.
For more information on DCO Energy, please visit www.dcoenergy.com.
DCO ENERGY
5429 Harding Highway, Building 500
Mays Landing, New Jersey 08330

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dcoenergy.com/2020/05/27/gary-fromer-named-new-ceo-of-dco-energy/

Effective June 1, Gary Fromer will become chief executive officer of Mays Landing-based DCO Energy and DB Energy Assets. DCO’s founder Frank DiCola will retire from his role as co-chief executive officer and assume the role of executive chairman of the board for DCO Energy and DB Energy Assets.
In 2000, DiCola partnered with Joe and Michael Jingoli to found DCO Energy. Over the past two decades, DiCola has been the driving force in growing DCO into a respected leader in the North American alternative power generation market. DiCola will continue to provide leadership on key projects.
Fromer has served as co-chief executive officer of DCO Energy with DiCola over the past several months, and has had a long career prior to joining DCO, having served as a senior executive at Constellation Energy, as CEO of CPower, Inc. and as a senior executive at SAP.
“Frank DiCola is an icon in the distributed energy industry and we and our clients will continue to benefit from his vision, clarity and execution,” said Fromer. “The DCO Energy team is excited to expand upon Frank’s legacy with his continuing leadership as executive chairman.”
“I respect Gary Fromer and know he is well-respected throughout our industry as a growth-focused leader,” said DiCola. “The executive management team led by Joe and Michael Jingoli and I are fully invested in continuing to provide world-class distributed energy services for our customers and continuing to grow the DCO Energy platform with Gary at the helm.”
Article Source: https://njbmagazine.com/njb-news-now/gary-fromer-named-new-ceo-of-dco-energy/

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------