ROOT: https://ocisolarpower.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:23:47.674428Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 14

================================================================================

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/

DEVELOPING SOLAR FARMS THAT EMPOWER
COMMUNITIES WITH CLEAN ENERGY
Headquartered in San Antonio, TX, OCI Solar Power develops, constructs, operates, and finances utility-scale and distributed generation solar assets across the U.S.
Over the last 10 years, we have built more than 1 gigawatt worth of solar projects across Texas, Georgia, and New Jersey. All of those assets are operational. We have more than 2 gigawatts of solar, including a 100 MW battery energy storage system, under development.
By The Numbers
Under Development:
(By OCI)
MW
Developed:
(Under Construction by OCI or Others)
MW
Developed:
(In Operation by OCI or Others)
MW

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/about/

ABOUT US
Providing a Safe, Reliable, and Sustainable Energy Since 2011
MISSION STATEMENT
Providing safe, reliable, and sustainable energy to empower communities
VISION
Combine experience with innovation to develop, own, and operate solar photovoltaic (PV) projects that offer renewable energy and economic benefits
CORE VALUES
The following core values are ingrained in all we do at OCI Solar Power. By adhering to these values, we create an atmosphere that ignites innovation and guarantees quality.
- Accountability
- Innovation
- Excellence
- Commitment
- Communication
- Sustainability
- Integrity
EXECUTIVE TEAM
Charles Kim,
President & CEO
Timothy Heinle,
VP, Business Development
Rob Plimmer,
CFO
Sabah Bayatli,
VP, Project Development, EPC & Operations
Janet Jamieson,
VP, Legal, General Counsel & Secretary
Robert Mendoza,
VP, Human Resources & General Affairs
OUR COMPANY
ABOUT OCI SOLAR POWER
Headquartered in San Antonio, Texas, OCI Solar Power develops, constructs, finances, owns, and operates solar PV facilities, specializing in utility and distributed generation solar projects. Some of our company highlights include:
- OCISP was the first company to bring utility-scale solar projects to Texas;
- OCISP developed, designed, procured, and constructed 500 MW in Texas, all of which are operating in the ERCOT maket;
- Three of our Texas-based projects are 100% Buy American Act compliant; and
- One of our projects, Alamo 6, is the largest dual-axis solar farm in the United States.
ABOUT THE OCI FAMILY OF COMPANIES
OCISP, through its parent company, OCI Enterprises Inc., is a subsidiary of OCI Company Ltd, a global green energy and chemical conglomerate founded in 1959 in South Korea. OCI Company has developed a diversified portfolio of products and solutions for a broad spectrum of industries in the renewable energy sector, and it is one of the largest manufacturers of polysilicon, the raw material for solar cells, in the world.
OCI Company established OCI Enterprises Inc. as its U.S. holding company in Delaware in 1990. OCI Enterprises is the parent of two San Antonio, Texas-based companies: OCI Solar Power, established in 2012, and Mission Solar Energy, established in 2014. Both are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of OCI Enterprises.
Another affiliated company, OCI Peroxygens, opened its facility in Decatur, Alabama in 2001. The plant manufactures sodium percarbonate products that are safely produced, high quality, and environmentally friendly.
OCI HISTORY
1959
OCI Company Ltd., OCI Solar Power’s parent company, founded in Seoul, South Korea. The global company’s portfolio spans more than six decades in the fields of renewable energy, fine chemicals, insulation materials, and, most recently, bio.
2008
OCI Company Ltd. launches commercial production of 9-nine grade polysilicon and later offers 10-nine and 11-nine grade polysilicon as a primary raw material used by more than 50 leading PV solar companies around the world.
2011
OCI Company Ltd. becomes the world’s No. 1 polysilicon supplier, the raw material for solar cells. It remains one of the top largest manufacturers of polysilicon in the world.
OCI Solar Power LLC (OCISP) is founded.
OCISP becomes the first developer to bring utility-scale solar to Texas by signing a Power Purchase Agreement with the City of San Antonio, acting through the largest municipal gas and electric provider in the U.S., CPS Energy, to develop 400 MW of clean, renewable energy. Later, another 100 MW are added.
2012
OCISP completes Project Delsea, 3 MW, in Vineland, NJ, the company’s first installation to go online.
OCISP opens headquarters in downtown San Antonio, TX.
2013
OCISP completes Project Holmdel, 3 MW, in Holmdel Township, NJ.
OCISP completes Alamo 1, 39.2 MW, in San Antonio, TX for CPS Energy.
2014
OCISP completes Alamo 2, 4.4 MW in Converse, TX for CPS Energy.
OCISP completes Project Lavonia, 1 MW, in Lavonia, GA for CPS Energy.
OCISP completes Alamo 4, 39.6 MW, in Brackettville, TX for CPS Energy.
2015
OCISP completes Alamo 3, 5.5 MW, in Converse, TX for CPS Energy. This project is 100% in compliance with the Buy American Act.
OCISP opens the Mission Solar Energy module manufacturing plant in San Antonio, TX with the capability of producing 200 MW of N-Type and P-Type PV cells and modules for utility customers.
OCISP completes Alamo 5, 95 MW, in Uvalde, TX for CPS Energy.
2016
OCISP completes Alamo 6, 110 MW, in McCamey, TX for CPS Energy. This is the largest dual-axis solar farm in the U.S. and it is 100% in compliance with the Buy American Act.
OCISP completes Alamo 7, 106.4 MW, in Haskell, TX for CPS Energy.
OCISP successfully commissions an Energy Storage System (ESS) named Astro with a capacity of 1 MW/250 kWh within the Alamo 1 project boundary.
OCISP completes Project Pearl, 50 MW, in McCamey, TX for CPS Energy. This project is 100% in compliance with the Buy American Act.
2018
OCI Solar Power completes Project Ivory, 50 MW in Lamesa, TX for CPS Energy.
2019
OCISP completes a first-of-its-kind upgrade at the Alamo 1 solar farm to significantly improve its overall performance and reliability.
2021
OCISP sells a 200 MW, construction-ready project to Buckeye Partners, L.P. Project Parker, made up of Crown & Sol, is under construction in Falls County, TX.
OCISP, CPS Energy, and Hyundai Motor Group sign a memorandum of understanding to work toward developing and building an energy storage system from recycled electric vehicle batteries.
2022
OCISP sells a 200 MW, construction-ready project to Arava Power. Project SunRay is under construction in Uvalde County, TX.
OCISP completes an upgrade at its Alamo 2 solar farm.
OCISP celebrates its 10th anniversary in San Antonio, TX.
2023
OCISP announces that it has originated more than 3 GW of utility-scale solar projects in Texas. The projects are operational, under construction, or in development.
OCISP signs an agreement with Mitsui & Co. (U.S.A.) Inc. memorializing their intent to collaborate on future utility-scale solar energy projects in Texas.
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
At OCI Solar Power, we are committed to living out our core values in the communities we serve. To see the community solar projects we’ve completed, click here.
Other San Antonio-area contributions include:
- Alamo 2 & 3 are located in high visibility sites where drivers can easily pull over and witness the solar modules in action.
- OCISP helped launch solar-based courses at St. Philip’s College.
- OCISP committed to providing five scholarships to students who are part of the solar program at St. Philip’s College.
- OCISP has provided an allowance for an educational facility that would enable presentations to local schools at an operating solar and storage facility in the San Antonio area.
Additionally, we volunteer with several charities and carefully choose programs that support the following objectives:
- Youth development and literacy
- Environmental stewardship
- Energy & Innovation
- Biotechnology & Research
Below are a few of the initiatives in which our employees have taken part.
- In the midst of the COVID-19 outbreak, employees stepped up to help feed families and fund the San Antonio Food Bank. Over a two-week period, we gathered 166 pounds of food and raised $1,600.
- If you want to design, construct, practice law, crunch numbers, or market a project, you can do those things while working at a solar company. Students at Oak Grove Elementary learned about all the possibilities during Career Day.
- Call it a victory! Our United Way Employee Donation Drive exceeded expectations and we raised more than 3,000 for nonprofits in the San Antonio area. To celebrate, Charles Kim, President & CEO, dressed as a winning football player and posed for pictures with employees.
- Brisket, ribs, and sausage – oh my! OCI Solar Power employees got another chance to taste test all the barbecue staples at CPS Energy’s annual GrillsGiving: A Celebration of Meat & Music at Mission County Park in November. More importantly, proceeds benefit the Residential Energy Assistance Partnership (REAP) to help pay the energy bills of customers who qualify for assistance.
- Keeping kids in school and giving them tools they need is a priority. That is why we sponsored Communities in Schools of San Antonio’s annual luncheon as well as its Mars Colony Competition, took part in its Stuff the Bus School Supply Drive, and spent the evening promoting the importance of clean energy to families at Montgomery Elementary.
- In 2019, OCI Solar Power became a corporate sponsor of the Boys & Girls Club of San Antonio. We took part in STEM week activities, teaching kids all about solar and solar farms and sharing our award-winning book, Bryan’s Solar Adventure, at two different clubhouses.
- We continue to support the ThriveWell Cancer Foundation by sponsoring and attending its Annual Luncheon in April and the Healing Hearts Gala in October. We also took time gather items and put together care packages for cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.
- Barbecue, live music, and fun. OCI Solar Power was proud to sponsor CPS Energy‘s GrillsGiving on November 17, 2018. Proceeds raised benefit the REAP program which helps customers who need assistance pay their utility bills.
- Hockey Fights Cancer, and we were there to watch as our San Antonio Rampage took on the Rockford IceHogs on November 17, 2018. The Rampage won 2-1, but the ThriveWell Cancer Foundation was the big winner as part of the proceeds benefited the organization.
- The goal was to raise $3,000, and we exceeded it! During a 2-week employee donation drive, OCI Solar Power raised over $3,700 for the United Way of San Antonio and Bexar County. Add in the company match, and that’s more than $7,400 that will help families in our area. As a thank you, Charles Kim, President & CEO, dressed up in a sun costume and posed for pictures with employees.
- For the third year in a row, OCI Solar Power employees gathered comfort items and created 20 care bags for patients at the ThriveWell Cancer Foundation. A note of encouragement was included in each bag as well. This giving project has become a tradition tied to our annual United Way Employee Fund Drive.
- Make some noise! That’s exactly what we did when we gathered noisemakers to give to the Child Life Services department at The Children’s Hospital of San Antonio. This donation project was part of our larger United Way Employee Fund Drive for 2018.
- Elementary through middle school students learned all about solar and even made solar bracelets when we teamed up with Mission Solar Energy to host an information and activity table at the Boys and Girls Club’s Fall STEM Fest on September 20, 2018.
- We helped Stuff the Bus! Pens, paper, crayons, markers, erasers, backpacks, and binders were just some of the items we collected for the Communities In Schools of San Antonio school supply drive. This year was a record breaker, with 31 tons of school supplies collected at an estimated monetary value of more than $670,000.
- As part of our 2017 United Way Employee Donation Drive, OCISP and MSE employees collected comfort items – including blankets, hats, socks, journals, lotion, and snacks – and placed them in care bags. Volunteers with the ThriveWell Cancer Foundation then handed out the bags to local cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.
- In collaboration with the Land Heritage Institute, EPIcenter, Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC), Land Art Generator Initiative (LAGI), Alice Kleberg Reynolds Foundation, Texas Commission on the Arts, National Endowment for the Arts, Mission Solar Energy, Sun Action Trackers, and Sistine Solar, OCISP provided financial and technical support for the world’s first solar mural. Entitled La Monarca and created by Cruz Ortiz, the artwork was printed on special film, applied to four solar panels, and then put on display at the San Antonio Luminaria Contemporary Arts Festival on November 10, 2017.
- OCISP served as a sponsor of the inaugural National Night Out at Brooks City Base on October 3, 2017. Along with our sister company, Mission Solar Energy (MSE), we also hosted a fast-pitch game where visitors could hurl chunks of ice to test the durability of MSE’s solar panels.
- On September 1, 2017, OCI Solar Power and Mission Solar Energy employees donated two truckloads of water, diapers, and baby wipes to the Hurricane Harvey relief effort. The Category 4 storm made landfall along the Texas Gulf Coast on August 25.
If you have a program or project that you would like us to consider supporting, please contact our communications team with the following information:
- Description of project or program including how it aligns with the objectives mentioned above
- How you would like us to help
COMMUNITY PROJECTS
OCISP has pledged to be a responsible corporate citizen, and as a result, we have committed to several community projects around San Antonio.
EPIcenter – OCISP is one of the founding partners of the EPIcenter, a hub for clean energy technology innovations, education and community engagement, and entrepreneurial incubation. We have made a substantial monetary guarantee as well as additional in-kind contributions. CPS Energy was the driving force behind the vision for this world-class center and we are proud to support this endeavor. For more information, visit http://www.epicenterus.org/.
DoSeum – OCISP provided 705 solar panels for a rooftop PV projects that produces 25% of the museum’s energy. This high profile project included one of the first solar education facilities in San Antonio. https://www.thedoseum.org/
San Antonio Botanical Garden – OCISP donated a rooftop solar system for the Goldsbury Foundation Pavilion and Chef Teaching Kitchen at the newly expanded San Antonio Botanical Garden. Mission Solar Energy, our sister company, provided the 99 modules. http://www.sabot.org/
Confluence Park – OCISP donated funds for a solar array made up of 38 modules, provided by Mission Solar Energy, at San Antonio’s newest park. When the project is completed later this spring, it will generate 300 watts of energy and include an educational and interactive touch-screen kiosk. http://confluencepark.sariverfound.org/

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/2023/02/oci-solar-power-projects-surpass-3-gw-in-texas/

OCI Solar Power Projects Surpass 3 GW in Texas
NEWS RELEASE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
February 13, 2023
For More Information
Leslie Garza-Wright, 210-612-4978
OCI SOLAR POWER PROJECTS SURPASS 3 GW IN TEXAS
Two projects achieve major milestones
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS, February 13, 2023 – In an effort to enhance the Texas electrical grid with more clean, reliable, and sustainable energy, OCI Solar Power has now originated more than 3 GW of utility-scale solar projects.
“Texas is a leader in the renewables industry, and we have spent the last decade establishing ourselves as a leading developer in large-scale solar projects throughout the state. As we continue to expand our project portfolio, companies around the globe are taking notice,” said Charles Kim, President & CEO, OCI Solar Power.
In 2021, Buckeye Partners, L.P. acquired OCI Solar Power’s construction-ready Project Parker. The 200 MWac project located in Falls County is now supplying electricity to the ERCOT electrical grid.
Last year, OCI Solar Power sold its construction-ready Project SunRay to Israel-based Arava Power and Paz Oil. It is now under construction on nearly 1,800 acres of privately-owned land in Uvalde County.
OCI Solar Power previously developed 500 MWac in collaboration with CPS Energy, the nation’s largest public power, natural gas, and electric company. These projects began operations between 2012 and 2019.
Additionally, OCI Solar Power has established a development pipeline in excess of 2 GW of projects located throughout the state, including in Bell, Dickens, Falls, Hill, Kent, La Salle, McClennan, and Wharton counties. The San Antonio-based company is also developing a 100 MWac battery energy storage system in Bexar County with more planned. OCI Solar Power expects several of its projects to reach their commercial operation dates in 2024 and 2025.
To download images or videos of projects in operation, go to https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1J_gTgAxEFrmJ_qoXl9ju68fv7b2lIQaY?usp=sharing
###

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/2023/09/oci-solar-power-announces-sabah-bayatli-as-new-company-president/

OCI Solar Power announces Sabah Bayatli as new company president
Bayatli emerges as the youngest president in company history
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS – Today, OCI Solar Power takes immense pleasure in announcing the promotion of Sabah Bayatli, 38, from his role as Vice President of Project Development, EPC, and Operations to the esteemed position of President, effective September 1, 2023.
“Throughout his tenure, Sabah has evolved in tandem with OCI Solar Power. He has been a key player in our leadership, shaping our business strategy and advancing utility-scale solar and energy storage projects within ERCOT. As we set our sights on broader horizons in Texas and beyond, it’s the perfect time for a leadership transition, and Sabah is unquestionably the right choice,” said Charles Kim. Kim will now redirect his focus to his position as President & CEO of OCI Enterprises, with exciting plans for its continued growth and expansion.
With over a decade of industry experience, Bayatli’s achievements span a wide range. He’s been involved in diverse areas from project development, real estate acquisitions, transmission, and environmental studies to engineering, procurement, construction, and operations. OCI Solar Power has seen the successful development, construction, and/or operations of projects amassing a staggering 3 GWac with Bayatli playing a pivotal role.
“It’s both an honor and a profound responsibility to lead OCI Solar Power in these transformative times. Our dedication to sustainable energy remains steadfast. As we enter a pivotal era, we’re committed to championing the energy transition with innovation. Together, we’ll catalyze global efforts for a greener future and reinforce our leadership in this essential shift,” remarked Bayatli.
From starting as a junior engineer and scaling the ranks to vice president, Bayatli’s journey at OCI Solar Power has been nothing short of remarkable. He expanded the project pipeline to approximately 3 GW in Texas, fostered fresh partnerships, broadened his team, and initiated OCI’s solar ventures in the southern states. His most recent accolade, San Antonio Business Journal’s 40 Under 40, stands as a testament to his achievements.
Bayatli holds advanced degrees in Mechanical Engineering, including two Masters of Science and a Bachelor of Science. His recent degree focuses on Sustainable Energy Resources from the University of Texas at San Antonio. Augmenting his academic qualifications, he earned a Leadership Development certificate from the Harvard Business School. Bayatli calls San Antonio home, where he resides with his wife and their two daughters.
###

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/community-projects/

COMMUNITY PROJECTS
Sustainable Community Projects by OCI Solar Power
OCISP has pledged to be a responsible corporate citizen, and as a result, we have committed to several community projects around San Antonio.
EPIcenter – OCISP is one of the founding partners of the EPIcenter, a hub for clean energy technology innovations, education and community engagement, and entrepreneurial incubation. We have made a substantial monetary guarantee as well as additional in-kind contributions. CPS Energy was the driving force behind the vision for this world-class center and we are proud to support this endeavor. For more information, visit http://www.epicenterus.org/.
DoSeum – OCISP provided 705 solar panels for a rooftop PV projects that produces 25% of the museum’s energy. This high profile project included one of the first solar education facilities in San Antonio. https://www.thedoseum.org/
San Antonio Botanical Garden – OCISP donated a rooftop solar system for the Goldsbury Foundation Pavilion and Chef Teaching Kitchen at the newly expanded San Antonio Botanical Garden. Mission Solar Energy, our sister company, provided the 99 modules. http://www.sabot.org/
Confluence Park – OCISP donated funds for a solar array made up of 38 modules, provided by Mission Solar Energy, at San Antonio’s newest park. When the project is completed later this spring, it will generate 300 watts of energy and include an educational and interactive touch-screen kiosk. http://confluencepark.sariverfound.org/

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/projects/

SOLAR PROJECTS Under Development 210 MWacBell County, TX Stillhouse 500 MWacLa Salle County, TX La Salle 200 MWacHill County, TX Hillsboro 110 MWacHill County, TX Three W 260 MWacWharton County, TX SunRoper 100 MWacBexar County, TX Bexar ESS 100 MWacMcClennan County, TX LoneSun 500 MWacKent County, TX Clairemont Developed (Under Construction by OCI or Others) 100 MWacFalls County, TX Crown 100 MWacFalls County, TX Sol 200 MWacUvalde County, TX SunRay Developed (In Operation by OCI or Others) 39.2 MWacBexar County, TXOperational: December 2013 Alamo 1 1 MWacBexar County, TXOperational: August 2016 Astro ESS 4.4 MWacBexar County, TXOperational: March 2014 Alamo 2 5.5 MWacBexar County, TXOperational: January 2015Sold to Consolidated Edison Alamo 3 39.6 MWacKinney County, TXOperational: August 2014Sold to Consolidated Edison Alamo 4 95.0 MWacUvalde County, TXOperational: December 2015Sold to Consolidated Edison Alamo 5 110.2 MWacPecos County, TXOperational: March 2017Sold to Berkshire Hathaway Energy Alamo 6 106.4 MWacHaskell County, TXOperational: September 2016Sold to Consolidated Edison Alamo 7 50.0 MWacPecos County, TXOperational: October 2017Sold to Berkshire Hathaway Energy Pearl 50.0 MWacLamesa County, TXOperational: March 2018Sold to D.E. Shaw Ivory 3.0 MWacCumberland County, NJOperational: 2012Sold to Altus Power America Delsea 3.0 MWacMonmouth County, NJOperational: May 2013 Holmdel 1.0 MWacFranklin County, GAOperational: February 2014 Lavonia

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/landowners/

LANDOWNERS
Meet Our Landowners
Gembler Family
Cargil Family
Frequently Asked Questions
What are the land requirements for a solar farm?
What are the benefits of a solar farm?
How do solar farms affect property values?
Who pays the property taxes?
¿Quién paga los impuestos sobre la propiedad?
Does developing a solar farm create jobs?
What happens in the development phase versus operations phase of a solar project?
¿Qué sucede en la fase de desarrollo frente a la fase de operaciones de un Proyecto solar?
What happens to the land and equipment at the project’s end of life?
¿Qué sucede con la tierra y el equipo al final de la vida del proyecto?
What can be reused or recycled at the end of life of a solar project?
¿Qué se puede reutilizar o reciclar al final de la vida útil de un Proyecto solar?
Want to Generate More Income? Contact Us!
OCI Solar Power has developed, engineered, procured, constructed, and financed nearly 1 gigawat of clean, safe, and environmentally-friendly solar projects throughout Texas, making us one of the largest solar developers in the state. We have additional projects along the eastern half of the United States, and we have another 2.3 gigawatts under construction.
But we can't do it without you!
If you have preferably clear and relatively flat land, want a constant source of income, and wish to secure your and your family’s financial future, consider partnering with OCI Solar Power.
We may be interested in leasing or buying your land, but we need some information from you first. Please fill out the Land Inquiry Form to the right of this section. You can also call (210) 453-3202 or email land@ocisolarpower.com.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/partner-with-us/

PARTNER WITH US
Work on a Solar Project with OCI Solar Power
OCI Solar Power is looking to acquire solar projects that are in the beginning stages of development. We are also interested in partnering with companies to help complete projects.
OCI Solar Power has developed, engineered, procured, constructed, and financed more than 650 MWdc of clean, safe, and environmentally friendly solar projects throughout Texas, making us the largest solar developer in the state. We have additional projects across the U.S.
We have the experience and capability to secure all permitting and approvals from government and regulatory entities as well as finance, engineer and design, procure equipment, own, operate, and maintain projects. OCI Solar Power has the capability to perform all the necessary services in complete solar and energy storage system projects in the U.S. thanks to the leadership of our Executive Team which has a combined 100+ years of experience in the energy industry.
If you have a project you would like to sell or partner on, fill out the Partner Inquiry Form. You can also call (210) 453-3162 or email partner@ocisolarpower.com.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/careers/

CAREERS
Be a Part of OCI Solar Power’s Growing Team
Below are the job opportunities currently available. Click on one of the titles to read the job description. If you need more information or want to apply, please contact us through our careers email.
Job Opportunities Available:
Executive Vice President, Project Development
Vice President, Strategic Partnerships & Inorganic Growth

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/news/

NEWS
Read About News and Other Developments in the Solar Industry
OCI Solar Power announces Sabah Bayatli as new company president
Uncategorized
|OCI Solar Power Serves as the EPC to Upgrade Its Alamo 2 Solar Farm, Leading to Increased Availability
News
|OCI Solar Power Announces Collaboration with Mitsui USA for Solar Energy Projects in Texas
News
|OCI Solar Power Projects Surpass 3 GW in Texas
News
|NEWS RELEASES
OCI Solar Power sells 110 MWac project to Mitsui
OCI Solar Power Announces Collaboration with Mitsui USA
OCI Solar Power Projects Surpass 3 GW in Texas
OCI Solar Power Celebrates 10 Years in San Antonio, Announces Increase in Project Pipeline
Buckeye Partners Aquires 270 MW Solar Project from OCI Solar Power
Major Upgrade to Alamo 1 Solar Farm Leads to Increased Performances
Sheep, Emus to Make Local OCI Solar Power Field Their Temporary Home
WATCH OUR VIDEOS
Celebrating 10 years in San Antonio.
OCI Solar Power – 2016 Diversity Award Champion – AlamoAACC Gala (courtesy: DamoAdvertising)
Mission Solar Energy solar panel manufacturing plant grand opening(courtesy: CPS Energy)
Sheep maintain the lambscape at local solar farm (courtesy: CPS Energy)
Texas largest solar farm goes online in San Antonio (courtesy: CPS Energy)
KACO brings clean energy, opportunities to San Antonio (courtesy: CPS Energy)
Alamo 1 Solar Farm – Panels Being Installed (courtesy: CPS Energy)
Groundbreaking for first OCI Solar Farm(courtesy: CPS Energy)
Enhancements make San Antonio's Alamo 1 solar farm an industry leader

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/contact/

CONTACT Get in Touch with OCI Solar Power Today! CONTACT US Your Name* Your Email* Phone Number*Subject* Your Message* OCI Solar Power 8000 IH-10 West, Suite 1201 San Antonio, TX 78230 (210) 453-3100

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/2022/07/celebrating-10-years-in-san-antonio/

Skip to content
HOME
ABOUT
MISSION & VALUES
EXECUTIVE TEAM
OUR COMPANY
OCI HISTORY
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
COMMUNITY PROJECTS
PROJECTS
Under Development
Developed (Under Construction)
Developed (In Operation)
LANDOWNERS
OUR LANDOWNERS
FAQ
GENERATE INCOME
PARTNER WITH US
CAREERS
NEWS
CONTACT
Celebrating 10 years in San Antonio.
Search
Recent Posts
OCI Solar Power announces Sabah Bayatli as new company president
September 1, 2023
OCI Solar Power Serves as the EPC to Upgrade Its Alamo 2 Solar Farm, Leading to Increased Availability
March 9, 2023
OCI Solar Power Announces Collaboration with Mitsui USA for Solar Energy Projects in Texas
February 23, 2023
OCI Solar Power Projects Surpass 3 GW in Texas
February 23, 2023
Celebrating 10 years in San Antonio.
July 6, 2022
Categories
News
Uncategorized
TAGS
Alamo 6
,
ERCOT
,
solar careers
,
Texas
Posts navigation
← OCI Solar Power celebrates 10 years in San Antonio, announces increase in project pipeline
OCI Solar Power Projects Surpass 3 GW in Texas →
Scroll To Top

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/texas-utilities/

SOLAR PROJECTS
OCI Solar Power: In Operation
The City of San Antonio, acting through the largest municipal gas and electric provider in the U.S., CPS Energy, chose OCI Solar Power (OCISP) to develop 400 MWac of clean, renewable energy to serve about 90,000 homes. It was the first utility-scale solar project in Texas, made up of seven locations named Alamo 1 – 7. Details about each project are below.
Alamo 1
SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS
Project Description: Alamo 1 represented the first stage of a 400 MWac solar PV project delivering clean, renewable energy to CPS Energy, the municipal utility for the City of San Antonio. This 39.2 MWac solar farm is made up of 167,680 modules on 2,260 single-axis and 1,932 dual-axis tracker rows. Commercial operation began in December 2013, serving approximately 9,150 homes. The Alamo 1 project is located south of San Antonio on 445 acres of privately owned land. OCISP managed the development, design, procurement, and construction of Alamo 1. We also oversee its operation and maintenance.
Financing: OCISP raised project-level debt for Alamo 1. The transaction was one of the first project financing deals closed for a large, utility-scale solar project.
MWac: 39.2
Project Upgrade: In 2019, OCISP completed a first-of-its-kind renovation that significantly improved the overall performance and reliability of Alamo 1.
As part of the upgrade, OCI Solar Power replaced all the trackers with new state-of-the-art trackers from Array Technologies, Inc. and utilized the existing infrastructure of the solar farm, including the foundation, inverters, and balance-of-system. OCI Solar Power also worked with Swinerton Builders, an accomplished engineering, procurement, and construction company, and KACO new energy, a pioneer in inverter technology, for nearly nine months to complete the improvements.
Additionally, Alamo 1 now includes a block of bifacial modules that will be used for field testing and data gathering.
ENERGY STORAGE:
In August 2016, OCISP successfully commissioned an Energy Storage System (ESS) with a capacity of 1MW/250KWh. It is located within the Alamo 1 project boundary. OCISP has completed everything from project initiation, contract drafting, permitting, design, and construction and fully funded the investment cost.
The main purpose of the investment was to participate in and provide fast response in the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) market to adequately maintain a frequency stability of 60Hz.
Alamo 2
CONVERSE, TEXAS
Project Description: Alamo 2 is generating power northeast of downtown San Antonio on 45 acres of land owned by the San Antonio River Authority. The 4.4 MWac project represented stage two of the portfolio of solar projects for CPS Energy. Commercial operation began in March of 2014 with power sold to CPS Energy for use in approximately 990 homes in San Antonio. This project contains 17,920 modules sitting on 448 dual-axis tracker rows. OCISP managed the development, design, procurement, and construction of Alamo 2. We also oversee its operation and maintenance.
Financing: OCISP monetized tax equity to a 3rd party investor.
MWac: 4.4
Alamo 3
CONVERSE, TEXAS
Project Description: Alamo 3 achieved commercial operation in January 2015. The 5.5 MWac project is located on about 60 acres leased from the San Antonio River Authority and services about 1,238 homes, using 21,420 modules on 510 dual-axis trackers. This project is 100% in compliance with the Buy American Act. OCISP managed the development, design, procurement, and construction.
Financing: OCISP sold 100% equity of the Alamo 3 project to Consolidated Edison.
MWac: 5.5
Alamo 4
BRACKETTVILLE, TEXAS
Project Description: Alamo 4 is located approximately 125 miles west of San Antonio in Bracketville on 600 acres of privately-owned land. The 39.6 MWac project contains 161,280 modules on 4,032 dual-axis tracker rows, and it began servicing 8,460 homes in August 2014. OCISP managed the development, design, procurement, and construction of Alamo 4.
Financing: OCISP raised project-level debt for Alamo 4. Upon leveraging the project, OCISP sold 80% equity of the Alamo 4 project to Consolidated Edison, retaining 20% ownership.
MWac: 39.6
Alamo 5
UVALDE, TEXAS
Project Description: Alamo 5 is located in Uvalde, about 98 miles southwest of San Antonio, on 1,000 acres of privately-owned land. The 95.0 MWac project services 21,375 homes using 378,000 modules on 9,000 dual-axis trackers. Commercial operation began in December 2015. OCISP managed the development, design, procurement, and construction of Alamo 5.
Financing: OCISP sold 100% equity of the project to Consolidated Edison.
MWac: 95.0
Alamo 6
MCCAMEY, TEXAS
Project Description: Alamo 6 sits on 1,250 acres of private land in Pecos County, about 300 miles northwest of San Antonio. The 110.2 MWac project includes 438,480 modules on 10,440 dual-axis trackers, making this the largest dual-axis tracking solar project in the U.S. This project is also 100% in compliance with the Buy American Act. The power produced is used to service 24,795 homes in San Antonio. Alamo 6 began commercial operation in March 2017. OCISP managed the development, design, procurement, and construction.
Financing: OCISP sold 100% equity of the Alamo 6 project to Berkshire Hathaway Energy Renewables.
MWac: 110.2
Alamo 7
HASKELL, TEXAS
Project Description: Three hundred miles north of San Antonio, in Haskell, is our 106.4 MWac solar project. It sits on 1,230 acres of privately-owned land and began commercial operation in September 2016. Like all the other Alamo projects, the power is sold to CPS Energy and used in San Antonio, servicing 23,940 homes. There are 423,360 modules on 10,080 dual-axis trackers on site. OCISP managed the development, design, procurement, and construction of Alamo 7.
Financing: OCISP sold 100% equity of the Alamo 7 project to Consolidated Edison.
MWac: 106.4
ADDITIONAL PROJECTS
OCISP and CPS Energy later added additional projects to service even more homes in Texas, bringing the total to more than 112,000.
Pearl
MCCAMEY, TEXAS
Project Description: Pearl is a 50.0 MWac solar project built adjacent to the Alamo 6 site in Pecos County. The project uses about 500 acres of land and includes 203,472 modules and 3,768 single-axis tracker rows, servicing about 35,000 homes. This project is also 100% in compliance with the Buy American Act. OCISP managed the development, design, procurement, and construction of Pearl which began commercial operation in October 2017.
Financing: OCISP sold 100% equity of the Pearl project to Berkshire Hathaway Energy Renewables.
MWac: 50.0
Ivory
LAMESA, TEXAS
Project Description: Ivory is a 50.0 MWac solar project in Dawson County, located in northwest Texas. The project includes approximately 197,000 solar modules on single-axis trackers and provides energy to about 11,250 homes. Construction began in March 2018 and was completed in November.
Financing: OCISP sold 100% equity of Project Ivory to D. E. Shaw Renewable Investments.
MWac: 50.0

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ocisolarpower.com/news

NEWS
Read About News and Other Developments in the Solar Industry
OCI Solar Power announces Sabah Bayatli as new company president
Uncategorized
|OCI Solar Power Serves as the EPC to Upgrade Its Alamo 2 Solar Farm, Leading to Increased Availability
News
|OCI Solar Power Announces Collaboration with Mitsui USA for Solar Energy Projects in Texas
News
|OCI Solar Power Projects Surpass 3 GW in Texas
News
|NEWS RELEASES
OCI Solar Power sells 110 MWac project to Mitsui
OCI Solar Power Announces Collaboration with Mitsui USA
OCI Solar Power Projects Surpass 3 GW in Texas
OCI Solar Power Celebrates 10 Years in San Antonio, Announces Increase in Project Pipeline
Buckeye Partners Aquires 270 MW Solar Project from OCI Solar Power
Major Upgrade to Alamo 1 Solar Farm Leads to Increased Performances
Sheep, Emus to Make Local OCI Solar Power Field Their Temporary Home
WATCH OUR VIDEOS
Celebrating 10 years in San Antonio.
OCI Solar Power – 2016 Diversity Award Champion – AlamoAACC Gala (courtesy: DamoAdvertising)
Mission Solar Energy solar panel manufacturing plant grand opening(courtesy: CPS Energy)
Sheep maintain the lambscape at local solar farm (courtesy: CPS Energy)
Texas largest solar farm goes online in San Antonio (courtesy: CPS Energy)
KACO brings clean energy, opportunities to San Antonio (courtesy: CPS Energy)
Alamo 1 Solar Farm – Panels Being Installed (courtesy: CPS Energy)
Groundbreaking for first OCI Solar Farm(courtesy: CPS Energy)
Enhancements make San Antonio's Alamo 1 solar farm an industry leader

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------