ROOT: https://dandelionenergy.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:57:42.719459Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/

We’re the nation’s leading geothermal provider.
Experienced
We’ve installed more residential ground loops in the United States than any other company.
Focused
We exclusively design and install geothermal. Our team of specialists uses Dandelion’s proprietary data and software to optimize each customer’s system design and provide the best solution at the lowest cost.
Best in Class
Our proprietary heat pump, the Dandelion Geo, is the most powerful and efficient heat pump on the market. Our software product, LoopLink, is the leading geothermal design software in the United States.
For builders and homeowners alike
Dandelion provides turnkey design-build services for single family and multifamily buildings. We also offer full design-build ground loop installation services for all kinds of buildings, including commercial and municipal.
Learn moreThousands of homeowners have adopted Dandelion geothermal in both newly constructed and existing homes.
Learn moreIntroducing Dandelion's First-of-its-Kind Leasing Program
The Smart Way to Go Geothermal
Dandelion’s new leasing program removes the biggest barrier to adoption — upfront cost — enabling builders to integrate geothermal systems into new homes while keeping the costs low for buyers. It’s a scalable, cost-effective way to tap into the energy beneath our feet, electrifying homes at a fraction of the cost and grid impact of conventional systems.
Learn About Our Leasing ProgramCase Studies
How it works
Geothermal harvests heat from the earth.
Water circulates through the ground loop, where it’s warmed up by the earth. The warmed water flows back into the geothermal heat pump, which concentrates the heat and distributes it throughout your house. The water returns to the earth to repeat the process.
Warm air from the home is drawn into the geothermal heat pump. The heat is extracted and pumped into the ground loop, where it is cooled by the earth. The now cool air is blown back through the house.
Proven, Reliable Technology
- 1 million Geothermal heat pumps in the U.S. today
- 80,000+ New residential installations every year
- 75 years Of geothermal installations in the U.S.
The Dandelion difference
- High-performance Geothermal is >4x more efficient than a furnace or boiler and 2x more efficient than using an air source heat pump, so it saves you money even on the hottest and coldest days.
- Invisible With no outdoor equipment to see, hear, or maintain, homeowners can enjoy their yards in peace and home builders get more value per square foot. Dandelion’s proprietary technology produces more heat with less airflow, making our heat pumps the quietest of the quiet.
- Reliable Ground loops are warrantied for 50+ years. With no outdoor equipment exposed to the elements, geothermal heat pumps last much longer than air source units.
- Affordable With stackable federal, state and utility incentives, geothermal can cost less upfront than conventional equipment. Once installed, a geothermal system harvests free thermal energy from the ground, providing the lowest cost heating and cooling a building can get.
Save thousands now, and every season.
The Dandelion Geo was engineered to save homeowners money upfront through a highly streamlined installation, and save money every day that follows through unparalleled efficiency.
Our technology

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/team

We're a mission-driven team.
- We’re united in our drive to bring geothermal to its rightful place as the premier heating and cooling option for new and existing homes.
Meet the Team
Dan Yates
CEO
Kathy Hannun
Founder & CTO
Donald Saelinger
President
Wyatt Roberts
SVP New Construction
Mike Russo
VP Finance
Nick Christman
SVP Product
Maggie McCarey
VP Policy
Ryan Palacheck
VP Customer Success
Alex Menke
VP Drilling Operations
Board of Directors
- Eric Feder
- Kathy Hannun
- Maritza Liaw
- Erik Nordlander
- Libby Wayman
- Daniel Yates
We’re here to bring geothermal into the mainstream. Join us.
Our team members come from all walks of life and bring a wide diversity of skills to the table, from drilling to engineering to accounting to sales. We design innovative products and services to accelerate our nation’s transition to clean heat. Everyday, we install clean energy infrastructure that will outlast us.
See careers

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/residential-ground-loop-services-belchertown-ma

Dandelion partners with residential geothermal contractors throughout the Northeast to provide drilling and ground loop installation services. In August 2024, Dandelion drilled a residential geothermal project in Belchertown, MA, as an example of this work.
The Belchertown, MA home sat tucked into the forest, just off the road. While a wheeled rig may have been able to access the front yard, drilling there would require trenching across the driveway because the homeowner’s heating system was located on the left side of the house, on the top of the above picture.
Optimized for Residential
With our tracked rig and separate compressor, we were able to locate the borehole on the side of the house right next to where the geothermal heat pump would be located, keeping the trench short and the equipment out of the way of the homeowner’s driveway.
Keeping Job Sites Clean
In addition to the rig and compressor, Dandelion can bring a custom dumpster to jobs that will benefit from it to collect spoils and keep the site clean. We run a custom umbilical from the rig to the dumpster, funneling the spoils directly into it for containment. Note how clean the homeowner’s side yard is, even in the middle of the drilling process. This plays a critical role for suburban homes in densely populated neighborhoods.
Simplified Drilling
Our rigs are small and lightweight. Our compact rigs let us access tight spaces, work with small crews, and avoid using auxiliary equipment normally needed to lift heavy drill rods.
Here you can see one of our drilling team members easily moving a rod into position without external equipment.
This photo, taken right after drilling, shows how we kept the site clean.
Dandelion typically drills 4.5” boreholes for our residential projects and installs 1.5” u-bend pipes. This photo shows the u-bend pipes coming out of the borehole before grouting has taken place.
A specially designed truck delivers the drilling rig and dumpster. It then collects both at the end of the job in order to drive them to the next location.
Dandelion’s single-family residential drilling suite optimizes equipment for residential job sites. By keeping it clean, using smaller drill crews, and straightforward transportation logistics, Dandelion makes it easy for homeowners to install geothermal.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/builders

Big benefits for builders
With robust incentives, reliability and performance, geothermal is low risk and high reward. It's the responsible path to home electrification, and will soon be the standard that homeowners expect.
- Increase home values Geothermal boosts home prices by 5-20%
- Increase Profitability Robust rebates + avoided costs
- Meet new building standards HERS reduction up to 9 points
- Simplify HVAC installation No line set runs or field charged refrigerant
- No outdoor equipment Reclaim the value of your rooftops and yards
- Low maintenance 25-75 lifetime on system components
- Stand above the competition Offer a premium HVAC solution your customers can't get elsewhere
- Low ongoing utility bills 50-70% reduction in homeowner utility bills
- High performance in extreme weather Up to 5.2 COP
Dandelion's Leasing Program
Differentiate Your Community. Build Smarter. Deliver Lasting Value.
Dandelion’s leasing program lets you install geothermal heating and cooling for less than traditional HVAC. This new program has made geothermal more accessible than ever for builders and developers, helping you build efficient, all-electric homes at a lower cost and that stand out in today's competitive market.
Learn MoreCase Studies
We’re here to help you
the whole way.
- Design & engineering No proprietary controls or automation. Decentralized system design philosophy. We've blazed the trail to minimal install complexity and maximum value.
- Ground loop installation Our fleet of rigs is custom-built for geothermal drilling. We are also well equipped to handle any horizontal tie-in and manifolding work a project may require.
- Training & support Our team of geothermal experts will educate and work with your preferred HVAC partner for a successful installation.
- Project management From start to finish, we manage every detail to ensure an on time result.
- Policy expertise We stay on top of the latest legislation to get you the highest federal and local incentive dollars.
Dandelion drilling services
Learn moreVertical
Our rig fleet is custom built to streamline geothermal drilling, looping and grouting.
Headering
We bring deep experience to horizontal tie-in and manifolding work, and are well equipped to handle complex project requirements when needed.
System Design
Our engineering team determines borefield sizing, pump requirements, pipe sizing and fusion methodology with an eye to optimizing value and installation simplicity.
A system that simplifies your build
We often install ground loops ahead of the foundation work, so that drilling can happen on rough grade and we’re out of the way before the foundation is poured. This also saves money by eliminating the need for a horizontal tie-in.
Geothermal heat pumps are straightforward to install. There are no refrigerant linesets to run or charge. There is no concrete pad to set, or electrical disconnect to install. No gas lines need to be run, and no utility coordination is required.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/homeowners

The benefits of Dandelion geothermal
Say goodbye to heating fuels and welcome better air quality and comfort. Abundant state incentives make geothermal more affordable than ever. Join millions of others in adopting geothermal.
- High-performance, even on the hottest and coolest days.
- Quieter inside, invisible outside.
- The lowest utility bills you’ll ever have.
- Super long life, super low maintenance.
What our customers are saying
How it works
Earth-powered efficiency
Geothermal doesn’t create heat, it captures and concentrates warmth from below.
Learn moreSave money by harvesting energy from under your feet.
Tens of thousands of dollars in incentives
State, local and utility rebates are stackable, so you only pay a fraction of the price for a geothermal system.
Up to 70% lower utility bills
Geothermal delivers a huge cut to both your heating and cooling costs throughout the year.
75% lower carbon footprint
Switching to geothermal from conventional heating and cooling makes a massive difference. Learn more here.
Interested in adopting geothermal for your existing home? Here is what to expect
- Connect with Dandelion Click Get Started below to see if Dandelion is available in your area. We serve customers in Westchester and Hudson Valley communities in NY.
- Design and permitting Dandelion engineers will design a geothermal system to meet your needs and then submit for permits. Typically permitting takes one to two months.
- Ground loop installation Once permits are received, your ground loops will be installed in your yard. This involves drilling one or more narrow (6”) boreholes hundreds of feet deep, installing the ground loops, and connecting them into your basement through a shallow trench.
- Heat pump installation The final step is installing the heat pump in your home (typically in a basement or mechanical room). This takes between 1-3 days. Once the heat pump is internally connected to the ground loop, you are ready to start enjoying the planet’s most efficient heating and cooling system!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/all-you-need-to-know-about-home-geothermal-heating-cooling

Have you heard of home geothermal heating and cooling? It’s an HVAC system that can save homeowners serious money on utility bills.
Unfortunately, many people have never heard of home geothermal, or they don’t understand it. A lot of people think it has something to do with capturing heat from volcanoes or geysers.
That would be pretty tricky to pull off for most homeowners, and it would seriously limit the number of people who could take advantage of geothermal energy.
Thankfully, you don’t have to live anywhere near an active volcano to have an effective, money-saving home geothermal system installed.
Home geothermal heating and cooling is actually fairly simple. Here’s how it works.
How does home geothermal energy work?
The temperature of the earth 10 feet below surface level is a constant 55 degrees Fahrenheit year-round.
When the air outside your home is below freezing, just 10 feet below the snow-covered ground it’s still 55 degrees. Or when summer brings 96-degree weather, the earth beneath your house keeps steady at 55 degrees.
You have probably experienced this phenomenon at home without even realizing it. When you go into your basement on a hot day, it’s nice and cool down there because the earth on the other side of your foundation is, you guessed it, 55 degrees.
In the winter, even an unheated basement stays relatively warm because of that consistent 55-degree insulation from the surrounding earth.
Geothermal systems, such as the Dandelion Energy system, take advantage of this naturally occurring constant. They harness the steady temperature surrounding any home to heat or cool it as needed.
Ground loops to power geothermal heating and cooling
Although it’s referred to as geothermal energy, geothermal and other home geothermal systems don’t make electricity. They use the sustained temperature of the ground to heat or cool your home.
The function of a ground loop system is to absorb heat energy (BTUs) from the earth so that it can be transferred to a heat pump and efficiently converted into warmth for your home. While that means you can’t use ground loops to heat your driveway, it also means that once buried, your geothermal system won’t mess with your lawn and garden. In fact, Dandelion’s ground loops systems are built to last for over fifty years and should require no maintenance.
The number of BTUs necessary to heat your home will vary based on a few diffener factors: house size, insulation, and the conditions of the soil on your property. Accordingly, it’s important that the size and number of ground loops installed are up to your home’s needs. Many homes require more than one ground loop, with vertical loops that means boring more wells at least twenty feet apart to absorb enough BTUs to power your heat pump. Dandelion uses proprietary software technology to accurately design a ground loop system that will fit your home and keep your family warm.
Components of a geothermal system
There are three components to just about every heating system: the fuel, the furnace or boiler, and the delivery system. For instance, if your home relies on oil for heat, the fuel sits in basement tanks, flows into the furnace, burns to create heat, and then moves through radiators or an HVAC system to warm your house.
Geothermal also has three roughly analogous components, but the first two are what make geothermal so different from traditional heating systems: ground loops, an underground system that taps into the thermal energy under your lawn; and a heat pump powered by electricity, that moves liquid through those pipes to harness that energy and efficiently convert it to a higher temperature. Finally, an HVAC system distributes that heat to keep your family warm. Geothermal heating systems can also be referred to as ground source heat pumps or GSHPs precisely because it sources underground heat using ground loops in order to power a heat pump.
A Dandelion geothermal system uses vertical ground loops, with pipes drilled 200–500 feet straight into the earth. Crews install the loops with well-boring equipment and trench them back into the house to connect to a heat pump. The pipes, made of durable high-density polyethylene, circulate a water and food-grade propylene glycol mixture that absorbs the ground’s temperature.
How does it actually heat our homes?
Now that we know how geothermal heating pulls heat energy from the earth, we’re still left with the question how we can heat our homes with it. After all, 55 degrees might sound better than the temperature outside on a January evening, it’s few people’s idea of cozy conditions. That’s where the heat pump comes in. Heat pumps are devices powered by electricity that gather heat energy from one place and transfer it to another. Even if you’ve even never heard of a heat pump before, you probably utilize the technology everyday: refrigerators work by transferring heat from inside of your fridge to the outside. In terms of heating your home, there are air source heat pumps (ASHPs) and ground source heat pumps (GSHPs).
A ground source heat pump mechanically circulates that thermally conductive liquid solution through the ground loops. After absorbing the ground’s thermal energy, that solution then goes back into the heat pump and exchanges its heat energy with liquid refrigerant inside the heat pump. That refrigerant is then turned into a vapor and compressed. The act of compressing that vapor increases its temperature. Once that vapor is hot enough, it enters a heat exchanger which transfers that heat to the air. That warm air is then circulated using your home’s standard HVAC ductwork.
Differences between geothermal systems
Though many geothermal systems are similar, there are differences between them. Some used a closed or open loop system, pond loops, or slinky coil ground loops.
There are pros and cons to the various loop configurations for geothermal home heating. Dandelion engineers use closed-loop systems. They see them as the most efficient and safest option for homeowners.
When Dandelion installs a system, we bury closed-loop pipes filled with a water solution in the ground beneath your home. “Closed loop” means the pipes serve only your house — they aren’t connected to a larger infrastructure and don’t interact with any outside fluid.
As this water circulates through Dandelion’s pipes, the water solution within the pipes changes temperature. In the wintertime, this 55-degree solution is warmer than the outside air.
Dandelion’s system pulls this warm solution through the pipes and uses a heat pump to warm the air from your home. This allows you to adjust the air in your home to whatever temperature you desire.
The same principle works in reverse in the summertime when Dandelion’s system uses the temperature of the ground to cool the air in your house.
It doesn’t matter if it’s a crisp 65 degrees or a toasty 88 degrees outside. Your geothermal system makes it easy to get comfortable at home.
Is geothermal really worth it?
Installation of a Dandelion system can save homeowners up to 50% on their heating and cooling bills every month. It’s a smart investment that leads to long-term savings, all while keeping your home comfortable all year round.
In the US, heating and cooling residential and commercial buildings contribute about 11 percent of the nation’s total carbon dioxide emissions.
Home geothermal systems create zero carbon emissions. Over the course of a year, using one Dandelion Energy system reduces enough carbon emissions to equal removing two cars from the road.
These wonders of engineering are also safer for your home than traditional heating and cooling systems. With Dandelion geothermal, there’s no risk of explosion or carbon monoxide leaks to endanger your family.
Geothermal heating and cooling cost
While the price of electricity, oil, or natural gas fluctuates, the cost of operating a geothermal system will stay pretty much the same. The electricity costs of a geothermal system are low and seldom vary from month to month.
Despite their many advantages, installing a conventional geothermal system for a typical home used to cost up to $50,000 or more.
However, the engineers at Dandelion, a spinoff from a Google X project, set out to drive those costs down. Thanks to their ingenuity, geothermal systems are now affordable to more homeowners.
Instead of using large drill rigs like those used to bore artesian wells, Dandelion began experimenting with smaller, more efficient drills that make one or two deep holes just a few inches wide.
The company then installs U-shaped pipes into these holes. This innovation takes up less space and creates less of a disturbance in the back yards of Dandelion customers.
With the new equipment, crews can install ground loop pipes in days instead of weeks, saving customers time and money.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/drilling

Our capabilities
Dandelion’s ground loop services team is well equipped to deliver whatever a geothermal project may require, from large and complex commercial projects to small suburban homes on tiny lots. See why we are the go-to ground loop installer for everyone including national brands, towns converting public buildings, leading homebuilders and thousands of homeowners.
Drilling
Our drilling fleet consists of track-mounted air hammer and sonic rigs optimized to fit into tight spaces. We also maintain a nationwide network of partner drilling companies who provide mud rotary and other rig types. We help our clients select the best option for the job given technical and budget requirements.
Headering
Our headering and custom manifolding team is well-versed in pipe fusion and large diameter pipes. We’re able to header under roads and other obstacles and bring expertise in custom manifold and reservoir designs to meet your project’s needs. While we design for simplicity, we can comfortably handle complexity.
Borefield Design
Our team brings decades of expertise in the design of both large and small borefields. We are well versed in counterbalancing loads, designing borefields to prevent long term temperature drift, and optimizing for design cost effectiveness while maintaining top tier performance.
Case Studies
We deliver within space, time, and budget constraints.
- Tight spaces? Not a problem. Our small, track-mounted rigs operate in spaces as narrow as 6’.
- Large fleet, short lead times Projects can usually start in weeks not months.
- Effective, cost-efficient designs Affordable ground loops that perform just as well on day 10,000 as on day 1.
- We drill with the full system in mind We design and install the ground loops so as to ensure your full geothermal project operates well and goes smoothly.
Our expertise scales to the largest, most complex jobs.
- Dandelion’s team includes the industry’s foremost experts in ground loop headering and custom manifolding. We design site-specific borefields to maximize performance while keeping costs low. We prioritize designs that simplify installation to maximize quality and minimize maintenance. Dandelion provides full commissioning and quality verification services.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/commercial-ground-loop-services-for-the-kingston-library

Dandelion was proud to partner with the Kingston Library in Kingston, NY on a geothermal system as part of a comprehensive renovation of a historic community library in 2024. This project required 20 boreholes of 500’ depth. Dandelion designed and drilled the boreholes, designed and completed the tie-in and designed and installed the manifolds.
This project required Dandelion to design a robust water and spoils containment system when the job was already underway. The test bore for the project, which was completed by another company, had indicated the boreholes would produce about 35 gallons of water per minute. However, when we began drilling, we quickly found the boreholes were producing in excess of 200 gallons of water per minute, and given the location of the library, it was paramount this water was adequately contained.
Our engineering team was able to quickly design a water and spoils containment system to allow the job to proceed without delay by bringing two holding tanks to site to contain water and spoils. We took the water draining from the holding tank and reinjected it into boreholes that had already been drilled. Once one holding tank filled with spoils, we switched to the other tank as the first had its contents disposed of, switching between them.
With the water situation thus adequately managed, the Kingston library project was completed on time and on budget.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/technology

The highest performing all-in-one heating and cooling solution
- 2x more efficient than an air source heat pump
- >4x more efficient than a furnace
- Built for extreme weather. No back up system needed.
- Innovative heat exchangers The Geo contains a plate heat exchanger and a proprietary air coil design that allows it to move heat from the ground to the home and back super efficiently, resulting in an unparalleled COP and heating capacity.
- Heats air up to 120F Unlike most heat pumps, which heat air to around 100F, the Geo can heat air up to 120F. This allows it to heat the home using less air, resulting in exceptional compatibility with existing ducts and super quiet operation.
- Avoids main panel upgrades Dandelion Geo requires just one 60A breaker, so it can work with most homes' electrical panels and avoid project delays.
- More heat, more savings With higher efficiency, more heat delivered, and greater compatibility with a home’s ductwork and electrical system, the Dandelion Geo offers greater performance and greater savings than any other heat pump out there.
How we stack up against the competition
| Dandelion Geo | Other geothermal heat pumps | |
|---|---|---|
| AHRI full load heating capacity (Btu/hour) | Up to 63,000 | Up to 57,900 |
| COP (heating efficiency) | Up to 5.2 | Up to 4.8 |
| Minimum airflow | 230 CFM/ton | ≥250 CFM/ton |
| Required breaker sizes for unit with auxiliary (electrical) | 60A single electrical connection required for a 6T | ≥120A, two electrical connections required |
| Monitoring | Built-in | Sold separately |
| Ground loop pumps | Built-in | Sold separately |
Tech specs
| Model | Size | Load | Heating Capacity (BTU/HR) | COP | Cooling Capacity (BTU/HR) | EER | Breaker Size |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| GEO-072 | 6 Ton | Full | 61,000 | 4.3 | 70,000 | 17.5 | 60A |
| Part | 49,000 | 4.6 | 57,000 | 24.5 | |||
| GEO-060 | 5 Ton | Full | 53,000 | 4.3 | 62,000 | 17 | 50A |
| Part | 42,000 | 4.7 | 47,000 | 22.1 | |||
| GEO-048 | 4 Ton | Full | 41,500 | 4.4 | 51,500 | 18.8 | 40A |
| Part | 32,700 | 4.9 | 37,200 | 23.5 | |||
| GEO-036 | 3 Ton | Full | 31,000 | 4.6 | 39,200 | 19.8 | 40A |
| Part | 25,000 | 5.1 | 29,100 | 24.8 |

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/get-started

Get Started
Help us to serve you best by answering these few questions
We’re excited to work with you!
New to geothermal? Seasoned pro? Either way, it’s nice to meet you.
Tell us about your current heating system.
You’ve just completed the first step towards the planet’s best heating and cooling.
We're almost there! Hang tight as we build out our nationwide installer network.
Unfortunately, your home is not currently compatible with Dandelion Geothermal.
Thank you so much for your interest in Dandelion Geothermal!
Which best describes you?
What fuel is used to heat your home?
How is heat distributed throughout your house?
Information about your current system, combined with your location will allow us to asses if geothermal can be installed in your home. We’ll get back to you soon, and if your home is compatible, a geothermal expert will reach out shortly to hear a bit more about your home.
Who are we reaching out to?
Tell us about your experience with geothermal installation.
By submitting, you agree to receive text message communication from us per our Privacy Policy & Terms & Conditions, which state that we will never share your personal information or spam you.
Thank you so much for your interest in Dandelion Geothermal! A Dandelion geothermal expert or an authorized installer in your local area will reach out to you shortly. We look forward to hearing more about your home and getting you on your way to becoming a geothermal household!
Thank you for your interest in Dandelion Geothermal! A geothermal expert will reach out shortly to hear a bit more about your projects and needs.
We're actively at work certifying partner installers in your region who will be able to expertly install geothermal in your home. Stay tuned for more info from us, and please check back in if you haven't heard back in a while.
The Dandelion Geothermal system is currently only available for homes that use ductwork to heat and cool.
Know someone who might be a good fit? Simply share this link and get $500 if your referral gets a system installed. You get paid while we all remove fossil fuels from heating and cooling!
Dandelion's home geothermal heating & cooling system is currently only available to customers who own their home.
If you are a renter and want to explore the benefits of renewable energy, check out this guide from our friends at Rewiring America.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/careers

We’re an ambitious team on a mission to decarbonize home heating.
Current Opportunities
Dandelion Culture
Our team of drillers, installers, engineers, accountants, marketers and many other professionals have joined together from diverse backgrounds to catalyze a national transition to clean heat. Every day, we advance the state-of-the-art in geothermal products and technology, and we deploy clean energy infrastructure that will outlast us.
Our Benefits
Medical (PPO’s, POS’s and HMO’s), dental and vision insurance options
401K with competitive catch-up provision
Paid parental leave
Life insurance, AD&D and group disability insurance, and a Flexible Spending Account
Regular company holidays, paid vacation days and paid sick days

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/faqs

Dandelion uses industry-standard equations to determine ground loop length. Ground loop length is a function of the heating and cooling requirements of the building, geology, and characteristics of the geothermal system being installed. Read this article for an in-depth explanation of how ground loop length is determined.
Geothermal is an ideal solution for homeowners who are looking for a long term heating and cooling solution that results in the lowest bills. However, geothermal is easier and less expensive to install in some homes than others. Homeowners should get in touch with Dandelion for an assessment of whether geothermal makes sense in their particular home.
Dandelion has done thousands of home geothermal projects, and they are monitored. The high performance of our large fleet of monitored heat pumps provides ample evidence Dandelion installs high quality systems and often offers pricing lower than homeowners can find elsewhere.
Predictable, consistent geologies are easiest for drilling. The most difficult geologies are those that are difficult to predict, because it can be difficult to know what equipment or techniques to use at a given jobsite.
In addition to geological factors, like those listed above, yards with easy access, ample space and few underground obstacles are easiest to work with, but these conditions are relatively rare in suburban communities. This is why Dandelion has invested in a compact, track-mounted drilling suite of equipment that’s well suited to smaller yards that benefit from a precise, targeted and clean ground loop installation.
Adopting geothermal when constructing a new home or renovating an existing home can make a lot of sense because all new HVAC equipment will have to be purchased anyway, and often geothermal costs the same or less than the alternatives given all the available incentives. Another benefit is that the home’s ducts and electrical system can be sized for the geothermal system, so the installation is straightforward.
Dandelion typically works hand-in-hand with the general contractor overseeing a new home construction project or major renovation to ensure the geothermal installation schedule fits within the broader project timeline. Get in touch to get an estimate or quote for a geothermal system for your new construction or renovation project.
It depends on the size of the generator and the number and type of heat pumps installed. Get in touch for more information on what generator sizing would be required to support a geothermal system in your home.
In most municipalities, permits are required to install a geothermal system. Permitting typically takes about a month, although it varies substantially. Once a permit has been issued, there are three phases of a geothermal installation:
- The ground loop installation.
- Connecting the ground loops into the home.
- Installing the heat pump.
Each of these phases typically takes 1-3 days depending on the size and complexity of the project.
Solar panels and geothermal heat pumps are complementary products: solar panels produce electricity using sunlight, and geothermal heat pumps use electricity to move thermal energy (heat) between the ground and the home. Homeowners can use solar and geothermal in tandem to achieve a netzero home. One of the advantages of a geothermal heat pump compared to an air source heat pump is that it uses so much less electricity to produce a given amount of heating or cooling. This means that a homeowner is able to use rooftop solar to cover a much greater fraction of the load of a geothermal heat pump than they would an air source heat pump, especially in colder climates.
Dandelion selects Authorized Installers that have been vetted for quality. To become an Authorized Installer, an installation company must demonstrate they follow design and installation best practices and have undergone sufficient training in geothermal heat pump design and installation.
Dandelion exclusively serves homes that use ducts to distribute heating and cooling throughout the house. Heat pumps do not tend to work well with radiator-based heating systems because cast iron, standing, and baseboard radiators generally require water temperatures that are higher than what heat pumps can produce efficiently. In addition, while ductless mini split air source heat pumps are common, this form factor is rare and expensive for geothermal heat pumps. For these reasons, Dandelion focuses on installing geothermal heat pumps that pair with ductwork, and these heat pumps are super efficient, work very well, and deliver cooling in addition to heating.
Dandelion was founded in April 2017.
Dandelion has done 2,000+ residential installations to date, as well as new home developments (both single family, townhouses and multifamily) and commercial projects. Dandelion offers both complete geothermal installations as well as standalone drilling services.
Dandelion offers geothermal drilling services for larger commercial and residential projects nationwide, and drilling for individual homes in the Northeast. Depending on the customer’s preference, Dandelion can own the full end-to-end drilling process, including design, ground loop installation, tie in, manifolding and commissioning, or Dandelion can partner with other companies to own a partial scope. Dandelion often leads projects but we are also open to subcontracting.
On the installation side, for new construction projects Dandelion typically trains and partners with a home builder or multifamily developer’s preferred HVAC contractor to install the indoor equipment. We do this with partners nationwide.
For one-off new construction and retrofit projects, Dandelion maintains a national network of Authorized Installation partners who install Dandelion geothermal for homeowners in their local service territories. Dandelion also maintains a limited amount of in-house installation capacity to serve customers in NY, CT and MA.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/impact

- The only heating and cooling technology that reduces power prices at 100% deployment
- $50 million in grid savings from homeowners with installed Dandelion systems to date
- Over $25 billion in potential grid savings if adopted in 1M homes
Geothermal reduces both direct CO2 emissions and emissions from electricity.
Electrifying heating with geothermal eliminates a home’s direct heating emissions because fossil fuels are no longer combusted for heating. What is less widely appreciated is that electrifying heating with geothermal can also play a key role in reducing emissions from the electricity used to power homes because geothermal dramatically lowers peak demand events, which tend to generate an outsized share of carbon emissions.
- Fewer peaks. Geothermal reduces summer peak demand by 3-4 kW compared to traditional air conditioning and winter peak demand by 3-6 kW compared to a cold climate air source heat pump.
- Less pollution. By reducing peak demand events, geothermal significantly reduces the need for peaker plants, which are disproportionately expensive and polluting.
- Less congestion. Decreasing peak demand events decreases congestion on both high-voltage, interstate transmission lines as well as local, low-voltage distribution lines, putting less strain on the grid.
What stakeholders are saying about geothermal's impact
Wide deployment of geothermal costs less than creating additional electric generation and transmission capacity.*
- $1 trillion electricity grid services savings
- $19 billion/yr consumer heating bill savings
- 11%-13% less electricity generation needed
- 33%-38% less electricity transmission expansion needed
- Less infrastructure investment; could reduce cost of power for all
- * From a 2023 DOE study
Switching to geothermal reduces home emissions by up to 75%.
| Reduction in CO2 | |
|---|---|
| Switching from Fuel Oil | 75% reduction |
| Switching from Propane | 70% reduction |
| Switching from Natural Gas | 65% reduction |
| Switching from an Air Source Heat Pump | 50% reduction |
Based on a 2,500 square foot home in Westchester, NY
Geothermal is the most effective and efficient heating and cooling technology.
- 400% to 500% more efficient than fossil-based heating systems
- 200% more efficient than the best air source heat pumps
- Uses 25-30% as much electricity as air source heat pumps on the coldest days
- No need for fossil fuel back-up even in the coldest climates

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/news

News
The latest news and stories from the world of geothermal
Housing Shortage Presents an Opportunity to Create Climate-Resilient Housing at Scale
BuiltWorlds
July 30, 2024
Press inquiries
- Please contact us at press@dandelionenergy.com
The latest news and stories from the world of geothermal
BuiltWorlds
July 30, 2024

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/contact

Give us a call. Drop us a line. Ask us anything. We’re happy to help.
Looking for help with a new geothermal project?Take our brief survey so we can send your inquiry to the right team, or reach out to us at sales@dandelionenergy.com or by calling (833) GEO-4ALL
Customer support for existing projectsIf you are an existing Dandelion customer or your project is in-progress, reach out to us at support@dandelionenergy.com or by calling (833) GEO-4ALL-EXT 2

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/leasing

Why Choose Geothermal Leasing?
Experience the most efficient home heating and cooling technology without the upfront investment barrier.
Get StartedIt's Affordable
Builders can now install geothermal for less than a standard HVAC system—while homeowners save on utility bills right from day one.
It's Simple
With our turnkey solution, builders can integrate geothermal into new homes and offer low, predictable payments to home buyers without added complexity.
It's Better
Simply put, geothermal is better than the standard HVAC. Offer high-performance, all-electric homes that stand out.
The Benefits
Perfect for Builders & Homeowners
Our leasing program makes it affordable to include in new construction across 16 states.
→ Comply with evolving energy standards
→ Differentiate with premium features
→ Reduce warranty risks and callbacks
Upgrade your home with geothermal and start saving immediately. Leasing now available for homeowners in New York and Connecticut.
→ Enjoy huge savings on energy bills
→ Consistent comfort, year-round
→ Clean, quiet design
The First-Ever Residential Geothermal Leasing Program
- Lower Cost, Higher Quality Install geothermal heating & cooling for less than traditional HVAC. Reduce your construction costs while still offering a premium solution.
- Premium Comfort No noisy outdoor units. No carbon monoxide risk. Delivers clean, quiet, all-season comfort.
- Meaningful Savings Homeowners pay as little as $120/year for the lease, while saving $500–$1,000+/year on utility bills.
- Reliable System, Built to Last The heat pumps last 2–3x longer than standard HVAC, the ground loop lasts the lifetime of the home.
Why This Matters
Smarter HVAC for a Smarter Build
-
All-Electric Future-proofed, 100% electric. Zero emissions and no carbon monoxide risk.
- Durable Long lifespan & low maintenance. Heat pumps last 20-30 years, ground loops last the lifetime of the home.
- Efficient Consistent COP means predictable and lowest operating costs of any HVAC system.
-
Invisible No bulky, exposed equipment or intrusive noise to impede tranquil outdoor spaces.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/esopus-icehouse

The Landing at Escopus Icehouse is a collection of residential townhomes located in the town of Saugerties, New York. Situated on the Hudson River, these units offer residents riverfront views and access to a walking trail along the water.
Dandelion designed and installed geothermal ground loops and heat pumps in 11 new townhomes in the Landing at Esopus Icehouse. This project was drilled in November 2023 and will be completed at the end of 2024. Installing geothermal allowed the builder to avoid equipment pads, line set runs and brazing and it was significantly less expensive than installing air source heat pumps would have been, both for the builder and for the customer.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/maryland-single-family-townhome

Dandelion has partnered with a builder that has created over 50 neighborhoods that are home to more than 10,000 residents across Washington, DC, Maryland, and Northern Virginia.
Dandelion will be providing geothermal heating and cooling to this builder for 51 of the homes in an upcoming development, including 17 stand-alone single family homes and 35 townhomes. The project is scheduled to break ground in 2025, with homes completed through 2026.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/category/post

Post Dandelion Energy Closes $40M Series C Funding Round to Expand Geothermal Offerings Nationwide September 24, 2024
Post Dandelion Energy Launches World’s Most Efficient Geothermal Heat Pump Nationwide September 17, 2024
Post Housing Shortage Presents an Opportunity to Create Climate-Resilient Housing at Scale BuiltWorldsJuly 30, 2024

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/the-ground-is-shifting-in-maryland

Like many states across the country, the Maryland housing market has been challenging for both builders and home buyers.
For the home buyer side of things, Maryland is short 100,000 homes. The supply-and-demand equation is severely misaligned, and prices have been climbing for years.
On the builder side, the cost of connecting to an aging natural gas system is rising, and communities prefer homes that are all-electric and high performing. Lot sizes are becoming denser, home buyers are facing affordability pressures, and not to mention, the builder market is becoming more and more competitive.
However, a massive shift is taking place. While Maryland is building homes as fast as possible, we’re seeing a change in how we build that could finally offer some relief. Geothermal heating and cooling has officially moved from a niche luxury to the most attractive, affordable standard for builders and homeowners across the state.
Here’s why the ground is shifting in Maryland in 2026 and how we’re leading the way to bring efficient and affordable heating and cooling to the state’s residents.
Geothermal Heating and Cooling At Scale
For a long time, geothermal was that cool, high-efficiency tech reserved for custom builds.
No longer.
At Dandelion Energy, we are focused on production homebuilding, leveraging economies of scale to reduce costs and increase availability. Instead of moving a drill rig for a single day to one house, we’re mobilizing rigs for months at a time across entire communities.
It’s a proven model for affordability and efficiency, allowing us to slash installation costs by nearly 50%!
Local leaders like EYA show exactly how it’s done. In partnership with Dandelion, EYA is integrating geothermal heating and cooling into its new home construction, allowing it to meet new regulatory standards (like the gas bans we’re seeing in places like Montgomery County).
They are achieving this while keeping costs under control, delivering value to builders, buyers, and communities.
See how we piloted this type of deployment with Lennar in Colorado.
Financials That Actually Make Sense
Let’s talk about money.
As the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) explains, “Geothermal heat pumps are the most energy-efficient, environmentally clean, and cost-effective systems for heating and cooling buildings.”
Historically, this green choice carried a premium… Not in 2026.
We’ve introduced a leasing program that is an absolute game-changer for Maryland.
Instead of the upfront cost, homeowners can now access geothermal for as little as $10 to $40 per month. Realizing that’s typically less than what these homeowners would save on their monthly energy bills, the decision becomes a no-brainer.
The result is three-fold:
- A premium feature that builders can use to stand out.
- Home buyers benefit from lower overhead costs from day one.
- A cleaner, quieter, and safer way to build (no outdoor condensers, no carbon monoxide).
On top of that, the Maryland Energy Administration (MEA) is leaning in with grant opportunities. The program incentivizes the installation of ground-source heat pump (GSHP) systems at scale in new residential construction developments.
MEA will provide a per-GSHP installation incentive to residential builders, developers, housing authorities, or eligible business entities that install GSHP systems in qualifying new construction residential developments. MEA anticipates that $2,000,000 will be available for the program in 2026.
The bottom line: It’s never been easier or more affordable for Marylanders to access geothermal heating and cooling!
A Win for Maryland’s Energy Grid
While these changes create huge wins for home builders and buyers, there’s another player winning big as geo enters the mainstream: Maryland’s Grid.
As the state pushes forward toward electrification and phases out gas, the grid faces a serious challenge.
Standard air-source heating and cooling systems can create massive demand spikes. This happens in the summer and winter months when there is extreme heat or cold outside, and therefore, higher temp control usage inside.
Geothermal systems, however, introduce a solution that uses a fraction of the energy and electricity of their alternatives (hence the lower utility bills!). By using the earth’s stable underground temperature, their systems are 2-4 times more efficient, especially during these peak demands.
Stable Comfort, Static Costs
We’re incredibly excited to be part of the growth in Maryland. We’ve already designed over 200,000 tons of these systems and partnered on neighborhoods across the DMV that thousands of people now call home.
Ready to see how this fits into your 2026 plans?
Whether you’re a builder looking to differentiate your next project or just someone tired of high energy bills, we’re here to help you make the move. Let’s build something better, together.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/2025-recap

2025 Recap: This was a historic year for geothermal heating and cooling. Once a niche luxury, it has now entered the mainstream.
At Dandelion, we aren’t just watching this shift—we are driving it. By partnering with national and regional builders to deploy this technology at scale, we are providing superior comfort and savings for homeowners, reducing grid strain, and ultimately creating a path for an affordable clean energy future.
Why the Future of Geothermal is Built-In
Dandelion has installed thousands of geothermal heat pumps since 2017. Building on that foundation, we reached a staggering milestone: installing over one million linear feet of ground loops. While our roots are in retrofitting existing homes, 2025 marked a strategic pivot toward new construction. By making this shift and integrating geothermal into the very foundation of new communities, we’ve unlocked benefits that were previously out of reach:
- Massive Cost Reduction: High-volume installations in focused locations allow us to practically eliminate mobilization costs.
- Standardization: We’ve standardized vertical loops to integrate seamlessly into the production homebuilding process.
- Grid Resilience: Geothermal reduces peak demand on the coldest winter days by more than 60%, offering a “virtual power plant” effect for local utilities.
Breaking Ground: The Largest Residential Deployment in US History
This year, we made the leap into large-scale production housing. Specifically, we are proud to highlight our partnership with Lennar to bring geothermal to 1,500 new homes in Colorado. This marks one of the largest geothermal deployments in U.S. history.
However, Lennar is not alone in this movement. We are also working with innovators like EYA are also setting a new standard for sustainable urban development. By working with national and regional leaders, we are proving that geothermal isn’t just a premium add-on; rather it is a scalable, cost-effective solution for the modern builder.
A Growing Foundation of Policy and Progress
This momentum is being further supported by a wave of state-level progress and investment. Across the country, new policies and favorable tax credits are making geothermal the most attractive investment for developers and homeowners alike. We’ve seen states double down on geothermal through increased rebates and geo-forward legislation, recognizing that this technology is the most efficient way to decarbonize the building sector.
A few key state and local incentives driving growth include:
- Colorado: Xcel Energy other provide substantial rebates, up to $25,000 to builder for high-efficiency, all electric homes, and the state offers a $2,000 tax credit for ground-source systems.
- New York: Homeowners can access utility rebates up to $25,000 and a 25% state tax credit (up to $10,000).
- Maryland: Empower Maryland offers rebates up to $4,950 per home for high efficiency, all electric geothermal, plus Geothermal Renewable Energy Credits.
- Massachusetts: Mass Save offers $16,500 builder rebate per home for high efficiency homes heated and cooled with geothermal.
Beyond individual savings, the macro impact is clear: widespread adoption of geothermal heating and cooling over the next 20 years could eliminate the need for 24,500 miles of new grid transmission lines, producing annual grid savings of $4 billion.
2025 Wrapped: Leading the National Conversation
As geothermal moved into the spotlight, Dandelion’s leadership was invited to share our vision across the airwaves. Dandelion CTO Kathy Hannun joined David Roberts on the Volts podcast to discuss how we are finally removing high upfront cost barriers and scaling ground-source technology.
But the conversation didn’t stop there; in fact, our team joined several other industry-leading programs to discuss the intersection of real estate, technology, and climate:
- Built in America: Discussing the future of sustainable construction with Kathy Hannun.
- Association of Professional Builder Builders: Wyatt Roberts, Dandelion’s Head of New Construction, explores how builders can leverage geothermal for climate resilience.
- Commercial Real Estate Pro Network: Highlighting the efficiency gains of geothermal in the commercial and multifamily sectors with Director of Business Development, Bryan Roberts.
- Earth 911: CEO Dan Yates on how our new leasing model is transforming home energy.
Expanding Access and Affordability
Building on this public momentum, 2025 marked the year that Dandelion officially launched a first-of-its-kind leasing program this year. More specifically, this new model allows builders to integrate geothermal systems into their communities for significantly less than traditional HVAC, reducing upfront expenses while delivering premium, high-performance homes that stand out in today’s competitive market.
Because of this model, new homebuyers can access geothermal for as little as $10–$40 per month, typically a fraction of their energy savings, bringing clean, affordable comfort to more homes than ever before.
In addition to these direct savings, we also leveraged favorable tax credits and new policies to make geothermal an increasingly attractive investment. Combined with state, local, and utility incentives, geothermal becomes the most cost-effective heating and cooling solution for new home construction.
Winner of the 2025 Brilliance Award
We are proud to wrap our 2025 recap with a major accolade: Dandelion Energy won the 2025 Brilliance Award in the HVAC/IAQ category from the Builder Innovator Awards. This award recognizes the most impactful and innovative solutions in the homebuilding and home technology sectors, and we are honored to be recognized among the industry’s best.
Looking Ahead to 2026
As we enter 2026, we are working with more builders than ever before. However, the challenges are still there: energy prices remain volatile, homebuyers are facing home ownership affordability pressures, and home builders are looking for ways to stand out against competition. As a result, geothermal provides an opportunity to differentiate, providing a modern, reliable, cost cutting solution. Ultimately, we look forward to bringing the most efficient heating and cooling solution to even more homes in the coming year!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/kathy-hannun-featured-on-built-in-america-podcast

In this episode of Built in America, host Sam Mahmood sits down with Kathy Hannun, founder and President of Dandelion, a pioneering geothermal heating and cooling company. Kathy shares her remarkable journey from Google X to launching Dandelion, a company dedicated to reducing greenhouse gas emissions by making geothermal energy accessible for homes and businesses.
Kathy discusses the challenges she faced building a startup in the clean energy sector, her approach to raising capital, and how she aligned Dandelion’s mission with its revenue model. She also delves into the importance of mentorship, the value of building a strong team, and the strategies that fueled Dandelion’s growth. Kathy’s insights on the future of geothermal energy and its potential to revolutionize the market offer a compelling look at the intersection of entrepreneurship, sustainability, and innovation.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/dandelion-energy-closes-40m-series-c-funding-round-to-expand-geothermal-offerings-nationwide

The new funding will accelerate Dandelion’s nationwide expansion of both its revolutionary heat pump technology and its turnkey service to the nation’s largest multifamily developers and home builders
ARLINGTON, Va.— September 24, 2024 — Dandelion Energy, the nation’s leading home geothermal company, today announced the closure of a $40M Series C funding round led by GV (Google Ventures) and supported by Collaborative Fund, LenX, Breakthrough Energy Ventures, and NGP. The investment round will fuel the company’s two-pronged nationwide expansion: distributing its revolutionary heat pump technology to installers and homeowners, and implementing large projects for production home builders and multifamily developers. This fundraise follows the company’s $70M Series B1 funding completed in 2022, and founder Kathy Hannun’s inclusion on CNBC’s inaugural Changemakers List, and new Chief Revenue Officer, Lauren Howard, joining the team in 2024.
“Dandelion is becoming the preferred partner—nationwide—to the country’s largest home builders and multifamily developers as they shift to building fully electrified homes,” said Dandelion CEO, Dan Yates. “Dandelion’s current and upcoming projects range from thousand+ single family home developments to multifamily buildings with hundreds of apartments,” he continued.
“Builders are choosing Dandelion geothermal because it’s the highest quality and least expensive option for building heating and cooling. Dandelion’s efficient, scaled operations give the company a unique position in the market. We’re proud to be repeat investors in Dandelion as they continue to have an enormous impact in geothermal energy,” said Erik Nordlander, General Partner at GV and Board Member at Dandelion.
In addition to this investment serving the builder market, Dandelion continues to lead the nation with novel product development to make geothermal installations increasingly simple and cost effective. The recent launch of the groundbreaking Dandelion Geo heat pump anchors Dandelion’s leadership position in the geothermal heat pump market. The Dandelion Geo delivers the highest heating performance ever measured by industry standards organization AHRI for a production heat pump. Craig Shapiro from Collaborative Fund added “Dandelion is leading the geothermal industry in research and development. Their steady drum beat of product innovations promise a future of affordable, ubiquitous, geothermal heating and cooling across the country.”
Lauren Howard, Dandelion’s new CRO, serves as the commercial leader responsible for driving growth strategies and leading go-to-market teams. Before joining Dandelion Energy, Lauren served as Chief Revenue Officer at Airtower Networks, one of the Fastest-Growing Private Companies in America (Inc. 500). At Airtower she was responsible for leading, building, and scaling all aspects of the commercial organization.
“I am honored to join Dandelion at such a significant time for the company’s growth and impact towards its mission: to make this renewable, cost-effective and healthy form of heating and cooling more accessible nationwide,” said Howard. “I look forward to working with our teams to make geothermal heat pumps a standard in new residential construction and to drive successful adoption for current homeowners as we build out our nationwide installation network.”
About Dandelion Energy
Dandelion Energy is the nation’s leading home geothermal company. By making geothermal heating and cooling systems simple and affordable, Dandelion empowers modern homeowners and home builders to adopt premium, emissions-free heating without a premium price tag. Together with the customers we serve, we are shifting the built environment away from fossil fuels using resilient, local, low-cost geothermal energy. To learn more, visit https://dandelionenergy.com.
Press Inquiries:
Kathy Berardi
JMG Public Relations
kathy@jmgpr.com
678-644-4122

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/lennar-silo-development

Dandelion is proud to partner with Lennar, one of the nation’s leading homebuilders, to install geothermal ground loops and heating and cooling systems in approximately 200 homes in Phase 2 of their Silo community in Lafayette, CO. This expanded partnership follows installation of Dandelion geothermal in two townhomes during Phase 1 of the Silo community development.
Dandelion has designed and is implementing a full turnkey geothermal solution for this community.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://dandelionenergy.com/test-bores-ftc-riverhead-ny

In April 2024 Dandelion completed a test bore for a customer planning a large geothermal installation in Riverhead, NY. Test bores are done to understand what the drilling conditions are like at a particular location, including factors such as geology, water production, the presence of reactive clay, or any other factors that could require advanced planning ahead of the larger installation and impact the expected cost of the project. It is typical to do one test bore per every 100 tons projected for the final installation. Given this scale of the planned Riverhead project, Dandelion installed three test bores to 700’ depth. In doing so, among other things, Dandelion was able to determine that drilling to 700’ depth would not be an issue.
Dandelion also used the test bores to conduct Formation Thermal Conductivity (FTC) testing. FTC testing measures the thermal response of the geology at the jobsite so when the larger borefield is designed the engineers designing it know how many bores they will need to exchange a certain amount of heat. This allows them to size the borefield correctly. FTC tests are done by cycling water that is heated at a constant rate through a ground loop for 48 hours and measuring the thermal response at a regular interval.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------