ROOT: https://opalfuels.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:26:15.989406Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 8

================================================================================

URL: https://opalfuels.com/

OPAL Fuels is a fully integrated, nationwide leader in the production and distribution of low-carbon intensity renewable natural gas (RNG). Our vertical waste-to-energy model combines the upstream production and downstream marketing and distribution of RNG, delivering a scalable, low-cost solution to decarbonize heavy-duty transportation and other industrial markets. We produce our RNG by capturing harmful methane emissions at their source, purifying them, and then using that energy to replace diesel and other high carbon intensity fossil fuels.
The United Nations Environment Programme has identified harmful fugitive methane emissions as one of the largest causes of global climate change. We address this directly TODAY by efficiently capturing harmful methane emissions from their source at landfills and dairy farms, and converting them into clean, renewable natural gas (RNG).
Through burning of diesel fuel, the Class 8 trucking industry is one of the most significant contributors to harmful greenhouse gas emissions. We address this directly TODAY with a real-world, cost-effective solution by transitioning heavy-duty fleets from diesel to clean, safe RNG fuel, reducing GHG emissions while saving them money.
Bringing minimal change to fleet operations, with a cost substantially less than diesel
Delivering renewable fuel to achieve GHG reduction targets
Transforming waste into a resource generating revenue for partners
OPAL Fuels is an emerging leader in the production and distribution of RNG, a proven low carbon fuel with a decades-long track record of results that has the power to rapidly decarbonize the transportation industry. From the renewable fuels of today to the sustainable green technologies of the future, expect OPAL Fuels to deliver cleaner fuel, bolder innovation and bigger thinking.
Providing RNG at fueling stations across the United States, at a cost up to 50% less than diesel.
Offering landfills and dairy farms on-site RNG solutions or distribution of existing fuel production
We are committed to building hydrogen fueling stations today to help prepare our customers’ fleets for the future.
Utilities and other industrial users are discovering the unlimited opportunities of RNG.
RNG saves money – costing as much as 50% less per gallon than diesel.
RNG results in a 100% Scope 1 emission reduction from diesel.
The average dairy cow produces 125 to 150 diesel gallon equivalent of RNG per year.
A transportation site using 1 million GGE of landfill RNG can keep more than 7k metric tons of harmful CO2 from escaping into the atmosphere each year, or more than 40k metric tons by using dairy farm RNG

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://opalfuels.com/projects/

OPAL Fuels is proud to have completed over 350 fueling station projects, as well as renewable natural gas landfill and dairy projects nationwide. Our success is built on a foundation of problem solving, collaborative partnerships with our clients and experienced team members who share a deep understanding of operations, finance and development to drive sustainable performance.
Latest Project News
OPAL Fuels Co-Chief Executive Officer Adam Comora’s remarks at the Ribbon Cutting for the Atlantic Renewable Natural Gas Facility in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey.
FEATURED RNG PROJECT
Our successful partnership with Paloma Dairy resulted in the production of over 500 dekatherms of renewable natural gas per day – all of which would have been previously released into the air as harmful fugitive methane emissions.
“The decision was easy. We saw a great environmental and economic opportunity in the management of our manure and emissions. The key was finding a partner that could execute and unlock the potential value. We believe we found that partner with [OPAL Fuels] and we look forward to working with them on this most exciting project.”
-Robert Van Hofwegen Sr., Owner
If you are a landfill owner, dairy owner, or if you operate a fleet of Class 8 vehicles, contact us to learn how you can benefit from Renewable Natural Gas.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://opalfuels.com/leadership/

A Highly Experienced Team
Committed to your Success
Executive Team
Adam Comora
Co-CEO
Jonathan Maurer
Co-CEO
Kazi Hasan
Chief Financial Officer
Dave Unger
Executive Vice President
Darrell Birck
Executive Vice President of Biogas
John Coghlin
General Counsel
Let’s Get Moving
We believe there’s no time to waste – or wait – transitioning to low-carbon transportation. We welcome all companies, partners, and policy makers looking to make clean fuel possible today.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://opalfuels.com/about/

OPAL Fuels is a fully integrated, nationwide leader in the production and distribution of low-carbon intensity renewable natural gas (RNG). Our vertical waste-to-energy model combines the upstream production and downstream marketing and distribution of RNG, delivering a scalable, low-cost solution to decarbonize heavy-duty transportation and other industrial markets. We produce our RNG by capturing harmful methane emissions at their source, purifying them, and then using that energy to replace diesel and other high carbon intensity fossil fuels.
Our team is led by high-performance experts with over 20 years of experience in the energy and transportation markets. We drive best-in-class operational results for all our stakeholders, maximizing the value of RNG resources for our feedstock hosts and partners, providing reliable, cost-effective decarbonization solutions for our customers, and delivering superior returns on invested capital for our investors. Our strong reputation from years of proven results has earned us a loyal customer base and strong partnerships across the industry.
Our consultative approach offers custom-tailored solutions to your unique needs
The leading vertically integrated RNG provider with experts across finance, transportation, regulation and logistics
One of the largest suppliers of RNG in the country with over 200 million gallons over the next 5 years
Virtual real-time monitoring proactively addresses any issues, with 24-hour customer service
Proven Performance With the Most Recognized Names in the Nation
We believe there’s no time to waste – or wait – transitioning to low-carbon transportation. We welcome all companies, partners, and policy makers looking to make clean fuel possible today.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://opalfuels.com/vision-mission-values/

Our vision is to transition to a world where energy is clean, air is safe, and the environment is secure for generations to come.
Our mission is to deliver low-carbon energy solutions that mitigate climate change and provide value to all of our stakeholders.
Straightforward, Open, and Honest
We are committed to adhering to the highest ethical standards. By being authentic and real, we earn trust with each other and our stakeholders.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://opalfuels.com/for-fleet-operators/

RNG Fuel Supply and Fueling Infrastructure
OPAL Fuels has hundreds of thousands of hours of operational success providing reliable, dependable, and proven fueling solutions that get fleets to net-zero emissions at a lower cost than diesel.
From fuel supply and capital infrastructure to training and service, our operations experts work hand-in-hand with your team to design the most effective, cost-efficient partnerships with today and tomorrow in mind.
OPAL Fuels provides a full array of custom-tailored, scalable fueling solutions to meet the unique needs of your company, your customers, and the fleet on which you rely. We design it, we build it, we service it, delivering the highest level of reliability in the industry.
OPAL Fuels builds, owns, and operates custom-designed RNG fueling stations strategically located to meet the precise needs of your fleet operations and vehicle duty cycles. We provide industry-leading, 24/7 service – and pass on all carbon credits and incentives to you through lower fuel costs. Over 5,000 Class 8 trucks currently fuel at our stations every day.
Your company goals and ambitions are one of a kind. From fuel supply and capital infrastructure, to training and service, our operations experts work hand-in-hand with your team to design the most effective, cost-efficient partnerships with today and tomorrow in mind.
By allowing OPAL Fuels to provide the station, station maintenance/service, and delivery of RNG, customers get to focus on what they do best.
OPAL Fuels is one of the nation’s leading providers of RNG/CNG station service and maintenance from coast to coast. We monitor your RNG/CNG fueling station 24/7 and have qualified service technicians standing by to assist you with all of your maintenance or service needs. With the OPAL Fuels monitoring program, rest assured, if you have a problem with your RNG/CNG station, we’re already aware of it and are working on your behalf for uninterrupted fuel supply
For fleet partners who operate their own RNG fueling stations, OPAL Fuels provides unmatched expertise, transparent guidance, and in-house execution every step of the way.
From comprehensive fleet analysis and custom station design to financing, permitting, and construction, our experienced teams can tackle every aspect of your RNG transition.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://opalfuels.com/for-rng-producers/

OPAL Fuels has a proven track record of successfully delivering RNG to the transportation marketplace. With our rapidly expanding network of RNG stations and fuel customers, we are the leaders in bringing your product to market.
We manage all phases, from RNG project development, plant design, engineer, construction, through operations and optimization.
OPAL Fuels has more than 15 years of experience working together with landfill owners to deliver highly successful projects, with a proven track record of generating the maximum amount of RNG from your landfill.
The OPAL Fuels team has the knowledge and expertise to design and build on-site methane capture facilities, converting it to clean, safe, profitable RNG.
If you are a landfill or dairy owner that is currently producing RNG, considering a production facility, or just looking to learn more, we are happy to share our experience, and explore partnership opportunities.
Hundreds of thousands of hours of operational success
Extensive knowledge of the U.S. energy market, tax credits, and regulatory incentives
Always at the forefront of cutting edge alternative fuel technology
The top RNG experts in the industry from top to bottom, with over 300 years of collective experience
Our consultative approach offers custom-tailored solutions to your unique needs
Access to project financing, a robust distribution network, and growing market demand
Competitive long-term pricing agreements and frictionless sales support
Flexible and competitive off-take agreements

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://opalfuels.com/renewable-natural-gas/

Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) is chemically identical to the natural gas Americans use to cook with, heat homes and fuel natural gas engines, with two huge differences: it’s not a fossil fuel and it’s not pumped from the ground. We capture harmful methane emissions at their source, cleaning them into a usable fuel and delivering them to fleet customers for a complete end-to-end solution.
We capture harmful methane emissions on-site that would have otherwise been released into the atmosphere, or required to be burned off.
We clean and repurpose methane emissions at on-site processing facilities, transforming them into clean, safe, renewable natural gas fuel.
We inject renewable natural gas (RNG) into local pipelines, and “pull it out” at heavy-duty truck fueling stations located across the United States.
We can help provide Class 8 fleets with RNG fuel nationwide.
We help fleets join the 60,000 Class 8 trucks that currently run on RNG, and travel over 4 billion miles a year, all at a significantly lower cost than diesel.
RNG effectively reduces methane and transportation emissions, solving the two most critical greenhouse gas issues causing climate change today (according to United Nations Environment Programme).
Fugitive Methane EmissionsWe address this directly TODAY by efficiently capturing harmful methane emissions from the source at landfills and dairy farms, and converting it into clean, renewable natural gas.
Transporation Associated EmissionsThrough burning of diesel fuel, the Class 8 trucking industry is one of the most significant contributors to harmful greenhouse gas emissions. We address this directly TODAY with a real-world, cost-effective solution by transitioning heavy-duty fleets from diesel to clean, safe RNG fuel, reducing greenhouse gas emissions AND saving money.
Methane emissions are captured on-site at landfills and livestock farms before they are released into the atmosphere or are required to be burned off
Emissions are cleaned, and repurposed at (on-site) processing facilities
OPAL Fuels distributes RNG fuel for Class 8 fleets nationwide
Over 60,000 Class 8 trucks run on natural gas and travel over 4 billion miles a year
State and federal regulations provide significant carbon incentives to adopt RNG in Class 8 transportation, further reducing the cost of RNG (in states like California).
OPAL Fuels manages all government incentives, costs, environmental credits, and incentives which are passed on to customers through lower fuel costs – an illustrative cost comparison below including those incentives.
For a single truck driving 100,000 miles a year, total emissions from well to wheel can be reduced up to 99%.
We can provide Class 8 fleet with RNG fueling solutions, nationwide. At a cost significantly lower than diesel
We can provide landfills and dairy farms with on-site RNG solutions, or distribution of existing fuel production

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------