ROOT: https://cleanpath.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:54:59.784632Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 12

================================================================================

URL: https://cleanpath.com/

The Premier Solar PV Project Investment Firm
Investing in Opportunity. Mitigating Risk.
Delivering Enduring Value to Capital Markets.
Enter
Contact

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanpath.com/info

We serve as an industry catalyst, partnering across the solar energy value chain to transform opportunity into high performing operating assets.
Our Mission
CleanPath improves the pace of project development through adding its own capital resources and expertise.
Our team of pioneers of the clean energy industry have deep solar industry experience, execution capability and exceptional relationships across market segments.
CleanPath’s solution expands options available to developers, EPC contractors, financial institutions and asset owners/operators, all of whom are aligned in getting projects placed into service at the earliest possible moment.
We typically focus our investments on solar PV projects larger than five megawatts, and are currently focused on projects in North America, although we will consider viable opportunities worldwide.
What We've Achieved
- Introduced the Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) to the U.S. solar market in 2001, the mechanism which today finances the majority of solar power in the U.S.
- Formed the first solar tax equity fund in the U.S., and syndicated four subsequent solar tax equity funds.
- Financed, owned, and operated over $300 million in solar energy assets
- Financed and executed 100 megawatts of biomass projects
- Developed an early-stage pipeline exceeding 2 gigawatts

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanpath.com/about/team

Experienced leaders with the vision to pioneer new business strategies and the capacity to see them realized.
Chief Executive Officer
Matt Cheney is today the CEO of CleanPath Ventures LLC, a next-generation company that manages capital-intensive late stage renewable energy project development and financing. He is visionary and thought leader in the world of renewable energy project development and finance, and has an exemplary track record of success. He has accomplished this by consistently developing winning business plans, raising capital, and employing and improving teams that succeed in a constantly changing world of renewable energy and technology. He is an engaging leader that has demonstrated his ability to pivot quickly in pursuit of evolving opportunities, optimizing value for his team and his investors as markets change.
15 Year Track Record
Including Founding Six Pioneering Global Renewable Energy Investment Platforms
Over the past 15 years, Mr. Cheney has both worked to expand established renewable energy firms and has built new companies from the ground up, including raising capital to finance expansion. He is skilled in the overall development and continuing refinement of business plans and strategies, and is equally skilled in the comprehensive implementation of those plans, including the scaling the business to meet the growth in the domestic and international markets for distributed renewable energy.
Select Accomplishments
• South America (Bolivia) – $50MM investment in rural electrification successfully deploying 5 emerging renewable energy technologies, including the first micro-grid system
• Diversified commercial scale portfolio developed for biomass, biogas and coal gasification technologies
• Wind highlights include 4 GW of wind projects developed, constructed, and operated globally, including breakthrough projects in Spain, China and India
• Introduced the Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) to the U.S. commercial and residential solar markets in 2000
• Developed over 2 GWs of solar energy assets in the U.S. – financed, owned, and operated over $300 MM by 2009, requiring the structuring of tax equity funds and placement of permanent debt
• Syndicated the first solar tax equity/debt fund in the U.S. (Nellis Airforce Base) – raised and managed 5 additional tax equity/debt funds over during the period of 2006 through 2009
• Executed the financing and development of 50+ utility and commercial scale solar projects over the last five years – including Nellis AFB (largest in the US until 2009).
• Syndicated a $200MM solar PV project development Fund in 2011, leading to the formation of a 220 MWs in PV Project SPVs and a 13 GW PV project pipeline – all sold to the Fund’s principal investor in 2013
• Commercialized over 20 non-commercial renewable energy technologies over a period of 15 years, beginning in 2000, leading up to 2015
• Founded and served on the boards of the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA), the Solar Electric Power Association (SEPA), the American Council on Renewable Energy (ACORE) and Black Rock Solar, among others
Renewable Energy Investment Innovator
Mr. Cheney’s vision of market attributes and direction will provide a competitive advantage, setting the stage for productive strategic alliances, partnerships and joint ventures. He is experiences in both working closely and confidently with Boards and in raising capital for both enterprise and project purposes, and has a strong track record of doing so at considerable scale. He has a demonstrated ability to bring out the best in the teams with whom he is working, and that proven capacity to deepen those teams qualitatively, including in finance and accounting, which is central to managing the business platform, including reporting.
Mr. Cheney is a skilled public speaker and content expert on renewable energy and clean technology topics, including financing/securitization. He is also widely recognized as an innovator, including having financed the first solar PV “power purchase agreement” (PPA) behind the meter power plant for Green Mountain Energy in 2000, and having financed the largest and first utility-scale PV power plant in the world in 2007 at Nellis Airforce Base in Nevada (15 MW). He is involved in new programs promoting micro-grid solutions, community solar virtual net metering and commercialization strategies for new emerging technologies, including storage and the appropriate revenue policies required for the economic integration and transition.
Finally, Mr. Cheney’s network is a strength. He is currently sitting on the Executive Committee and Board of the Solar Electric Power Association (SEPA), the Board of the American Council on Renewable Energy (ACORE), and the Board of Solar Energy Trade Shows (SETS) the sponsor of Solar Power International.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanpath.com/contact

Home
About
About Us
Experience
Leadership
Policy
Careers
Solutions
Solutions
Developers
Utilities
Business and Government
Asset Owners
Contact
Home
About
About Us
Experience
Leadership
Policy
Careers
Solutions
Solutions
Developers
Utilities
Business and Government
Asset Owners
Contact
Partner With Us
please call
(415) 244-6787
or Leave Us a message:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanpath.com/experience

A firm with deep industry insight, far-reaching relationships, execution expertise and understanding of market fundamentals.
CleanPath’s principals are clean industry pioneers with decades of experience in renewable energy investment and development, including technology, risk management, structured finance, asset management and policy.
For nearly thirty years, CleanPath’s principals have participated in many of the significant transactions defining today’s renewable energy industry. Over that time, the team has established a pioneering track record financing, executing the development and owning renewable energy assets in North America as well as financing infrastructure projects in over fifteen developing economy countries.
Most recently, CleanPath principals have financed and executed the development of over fifty commercial and utility-scale solar projects, including one of the largest solar photovoltaic power plants in North America, Nellis Air Force Base.
A selection of our principal’s recent contributions to advancing renewable energy include:
Introduced the Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) to the U.S. solar market in 2001, the mechanism which today finances the majority of solar power in the U.S.
Formed the first solar tax equity fund in the U.S., and syndicated four subsequent solar tax equity funds.
Financed, owned, and operated over $300 million in solar energy assets
Financed and executed 100 megawatts of biomass projects
Developed an early-stage pipeline exceeding 2 gigawatts
Our core investment strategy is informed by related assets and capabilities, such as PVUSA, a 90-acre photovoltaic testing facility in Davis, California, which we own and operate as a unique testing facility for emerging technologies that hold the promise of delivering enhanced performance and reduced cost.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanpath.com/policy

For nearly three decades, CleanPath principals have been influencing energy and resource policy to stimulate the growth of renewable energy markets.
Our collective efforts have contributed to today’s market-based approach to resolving resource constraints and the advent of a clean technology and renewable energy investment ecosystem.
Looking forward, we are working to implement innovative policy and financial frameworks that allow renewables to rapidly expand into new markets, including reducing regulatory burden and costs, managing curtailment risk and creating new classes of energy owners.
A selection of the forums through which we engage in shaping policy include:
> Solar Electric Power Association (SEPA)
> American Council on Renewable Energy (ACORE)
> Environmental Entrepreneurs (E2)
> Clean Economy Network

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanpath.com/careers

The CleanPath team is composed of industry leaders with decades of front line experience bringing renewable energy to market. We’re committed to the pursuit of innovative solutions to renewable energy markets, and providing the highest quality service to our customers and partners.
If you do not see a suitable position, feel free to send your resume to info@cleanpath.com, we will review your credentials and keep your information on file in case there is a good match.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanpath.com/solutions

DEVELOPING AND FINANCING AT-SCALE SOLAR PROJECTS
CleanPath provides development equity, credit instruments, and construction financing, as well as our expertise, to ensure that the completion of large scale solar projects meet the requirements of long-term asset owners and capital markets partners.
We do this by focusing purely on the implementation of projects, utilizing our collective team experience of over 200 years in the renewable energy business globally. Our track record of identifying challenges, crafting solutions, and producing results is a testament to our core belief in execution.
From our experience designing, developing and operating systems, we continue to focus as much on the final watt of energy produced by a system as we do on the first watt ever produced.
If you are a Developer, Utility, Builder, Business and Government, or Asset Owner, contact us to learn more about partnering with CleanPath to deliver profitable and durable at scale solar assets.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanpath.com/developers

SOLUTIONS FOR DEvelopers
Solar development is a capital and credit intensive business. Our primary mandate is designed to provide equity, credit support, and debt to assist your projects through the capital/credit intensive high-risk phases of development and construction. We also understand that all development is local, and we look to work with you as a developer partner to add our capital, our relationships, and our expertise to ensure your development success. Upon completion, we will serve as a clearinghouse to match up your project with a growing class of asset owners to promote liquidity.
Joint Development: As a development and financial partner, we will provide the host of services, including comprehensive site analysis, assessments of environmental and permitting risks, economic modeling, assistance with technology selection, EPC, PPA, and lease negotiations, and if required will provide permanent financing solutions, including syndicating tax equity and debt.
Acquisition: As an acquisitions platform, we will assess, value, and acquire projects from developers that are looking for a strategic exit. We are active in the broader North American market, and elsewhere, and have a robust capital commitment for projects that are in the early to latter stages of development.
Restructuring: As an multi-faceted investment vehicle, we have the capability to work out or fix distressed assets in any stage of development. We work with developers to place constructed assets with us or to asset owners/operators, or will hold and operate them in CleanPath’s own portfolios.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanpath.com/utilities

SOLUTIONS FOR Utilities
Partnering with Utilities; Delivering Energy Solutions
At CleanPath, we understand that not all kilowatt hours are created equally. Whether it is the output profile, cost of power, or location on the grid, utilities are keen to pursue projects that meet their high standards and withstand the test of time. We also understand that the 3,200+ utilities in the US alone each have distinct energy needs, priorities, and goals. That is why CleanPath’s focus is not necessarily to sell power to utilities, but partner with them to deliver high-quality energy solutions. CleanPath works with the various investor-owned, publicly-owned, cooperative, and Federal electric utilities through the following mechanisms:
Power Purchase Agreements: A Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) is a financial arrangement in which a third-party owns, operates, and maintains the photovoltaic (PV) system, and a utility agrees to purchase the system’s electric output from the solar services provider for a predetermined period. CleanPath’s leaders have been instrumental in the development of the solar PPA, which has become the most widely used instrument in the marketplace to this day.
Build to Own: Utilities have a portfolio approach to their power supply, and as such, building their own assets substantially mitigates the risk of rising power costs. Whether it is because of their strong balance sheets, RPS compliance, or power cost risk mitigation, utilities have a need and a unique ability to build and own solar assets. Having developed, built, and financed more than 2,100+ MWs successfully, while developing up to 4,000+ MWs of wind, biomass, and solar PV, the CleanPath team has a strong track record in getting projects to the finish line.
Joint Development and Transfer Arrangements: CleanPath understands that each utility has unique governance structures, power needs, and compliance rules which affect how they participate in projects. CleanPath looks to partner with a utility to jointly develop, build, and transfer an asset to a utility. CleanPath’s creative leadership and financial flexibility translates into a solutions-oriented approach to working jointly with utilities to serve their needs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanpath.com/business-and-govt

SOLUTIONS FOR BUSINESSES AND GOVERNMENTS
We sponsor and deliver solar projects along with integrated solutions.
Continually rising electricity rates and unstable energy markets may have negative impacts on budgets and the bottom line. Solar power offers cost certainty and a multi-year answer to one of the potentially most expensive and unpredictable line items in your budget. As the industry pioneer of the Power Purchase Agreement the CleanPath team provides a market solution for large-scale consumers of energy that requires zero customer investment for the construction of a solar power system. Our customers can start saving money by stabilizing their energy costs from the get-go and through the foreseeable future.
Power Purchase Agreements: A Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) is a financial arrangement in which a third-party owns, operates, and maintains the photovoltaic (PV) system, and a utility agrees to purchase the system’s electric output from the solar services provider for a predetermined period. CleanPath’s leaders have been instrumental in the development of the solar PPA, which has become the most widely used instrument in the marketplace to this day.
Joint Development and Transfer Arrangements: CleanPath understands that each customer has unique governance structures, power needs, and compliance rules that affect how they participate in projects. CleanPath partners with our customers to jointly develop, build, and transfer assets as needed. CleanPath’s creative leadership and financial flexibility translates into a solutions-oriented approach to working jointly with our customers to serve their needs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://cleanpath.com/asset-owners

SOLUTIONS FOR ASSET OWNERS
We provide low risk, investment grade, solar and renewable energy assets at scale.
CleanPath delivers to long-term owners at-scale solar power plants with required market yields and recurring cash flows. Our experienced team develops and finances projects with financial structures that match appropriate risk and return requirements of long-term owners.
As owners of renewable energy generation assets, we know what works and where the risks can be down the road.
We have a proven approach to reduce the risks of long-term asset management that includes:
- Stringent technology review at early stages to approve systems components and design;
- Active analysis of proposed project energy production and performance;
- Thorough assessment of long-term operations and maintenance costs;
- Appropriate reserves built into each project
Our projects are built and delivered to:
- Proven, bankable, tier one technologies;
- Top Tier Engineering Procurement Construction (EPC) providers;
- Full real estate diligence and assignments;
- Best in class Reps and Warrants;
- Financeable PPAs;
- Investment-grade Power and Environmental Attribute Off-takers.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------