ROOT: https://topsunenergy.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:41:35.761631Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 22

================================================================================

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/

Skip to content
+91 004-9985-484-44
info@topsun.com
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Home
About Us
Milestone
Achivement
Topsun Management
Products & Solutions
Solar Power Plant
Solar Water Pumping System
EV Charging Station
Agriculture Drone
Investor Relations
Gallery
Contact Us
Home
About Us
Milestone
Achivement
Topsun Management
Products & Solutions
Solar Power Plant
Solar Water Pumping System
EV Charging Station
Agriculture Drone
Investor Relations
Gallery
Contact Us
Welcome to Topsun Energy Ltd
Ground Mounted Solar Plant
Rooftop Solar Plant
Agriculture Sprying Drone
Solar Water Pumping System
EV Charging Station with Battery Storage System
Topsun’s Achievements
We are installing 2MW solar power plant at Kaza, Himachal
We are installing solar water pumping system under KUSUM-C and KUCUM-B scheme
We have installed EV charging station with Battery Energy Storage System(BESS).
DGCA-certified Agriculture Drone, forefront of agri-tech innovation
Corporate Video
Products & Solutions
Solar Power Plant
Solar Water Pump
Ev Charger Station
Agriculture Drone
Our Core Expertise
Government/PSU
Industrial/Commercial
Residential
Agriculture
Developer
Our Valuable Clients
WhatsApp us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/about-us/

Topsun Energy Ltd is a diversified and forward-thinking organization with over 25 years of expertise in delivering innovative, sustainable, and high-quality solutions. Our business spans cutting-edge project execution, precision-driven manufacturing, and R&D-driven product innovations. We are proud of our vast footprint across multiple states in India, our collaboration with numerous government departments and public sector units (PSUs), and our proven capability to participate in high-value government bids for supply and realisation of products & projects like Solar Grid solar plants, Solar water pumps, Solar EV charging Stations, Solar Battery Energy Storage System .
Our vision is to lead by embracing emerging technologies, investing in talent, and developing pioneering solutions that drive balanced growth, long-term sustainability, and significant market impact.
Our Company was incorporated as a Public Limited Company under the name “Topsun Energy Limited” on August 10, 2007, under the Companies Act, 1956, with the Registrar of Companies, Gujarat, Dadra and Nagar Havelli, bearing Corporate Identification Number U31900GJ2007PLC051489. At the time of incorporation, the primary objective of the Company to engage in the manufacturing of solar panels by recognizing the growing potential and government focus on renewable energy. In FY 2009-10, along with existing business of manufacturing of solar panels, we started independently participating in government tenders for solar project implementation. Over time, in response to continuous change in the technological development in the manufacturing of solar panels and continuous requirement of increased capital expenditure in new technologies, in the year 2022, we have strategically shifted our focus from manufacturing of solar panels to ‘Engineering, Procurement & Commissioning’ (EPC)’ business of various solar projects. Today, over 90% of our revenue is derived from government projects, marking our transformation into a project-focused solar energy company with an emphasis on delivering turnkey renewable energy solutions under various government schemes and initiatives.
Topsun Energy Limited is a diversified with over 15 years of experience in the renewable energy sector, specializing in system integration and EPC (Engineering, Procurement, and Commissioning) of Solar Power Plants, Solar Water Pumping Systems, Solar EV Charging Stations, and Agricultural Drones as a Service. Leveraging its extensive operational knowledge, the Company delivers sustainable solar solutions across Residential, Commercial & Industrial (C&I), Ground Mounted, and Government segments. While serving a broad spectrum of clients through turnkey solar projects, we are primarily focusing on government projects, participating actively in tenders, which currently form the major part of its revenue.
In addition to project implementation, we also undertake operation and maintenance (O&M) activities, which are generally long-term in nature and form an integral part of our project contracts. Our dedicated team of engineers and technical personnel ensures smooth operation and maintenance of completed projects. Along with our teams, we enter into agreements with commissioning and maintenance agents to handle installation, maintenance, marketing, and after-sales services for a period as per the project terms. We believe that these strategic partnerships enhance our execution capabilities, enabling us to deliver projects within the stipulated timelines while maintaining high quality standards. We have developed an extensive presence across multiple states in India and have successfully completed projects with various government departments and public sector undertakings (PSUs). Our Company has also participated in several government tenders for the supply, commissioning, and execution of renewable energy projects.
Led by a highly qualified management team with over 30 years of experience, bring unparalleled expertise in shaping policies, crafting growth strategies, and ensuring sustainable success. Their vision drives the organization to innovate, adapt, and excel in evolving markets.
With a focus on innovation and expansion into new markets, we assure adding phenomenal growth to our continued journey. We are committed to maintaining a balanced growth strategy that leverages our strengths while exploring new opportunities, ensuring sustained success in the years to come.
Harness the power of the sun with our state-of-the-art solar products solutions. we are committed to providing cost-effective solar energy systems for your home or business.
WhatsApp us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Investor-Grievance-Redressal-Policy.pdf

Page | 1 
POLICY ON INVESTORS’ GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL MECHANISM OF 
TOPSUN ENERGY LIMITED 
 
1. PREAMBLE AND OBJECTIVE. 
 
The Company is committed to adhere to the highest standards of investor relations 
and provide efficient services to them and effectively address and redress their 
grievances in a timely manner. 
 
With this objective, the Company has formulated the Policy on Investors’ Grievance Redressal Mechanism. 
 
To serve the investors in a faster and efficient manner, the Company has appointed 
Bigshare Services Private Limited as its Registrar & Share Transfer Agents (“RTA”). 
The RTA is primarily responsible for handling security holders’ related affairs of the 
Company. For contact detail, refer to Contact Detail of RTA mentioned in this Policy. 
 
The Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Compliance Officer of the 
Company under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“LoDR”) and Nodal Officer under the Companies Act, 2013 and is responsible for 
ensuring provision of prompt and effective services to the investors and monitoring the 
dedicated email address of the Company for investor grievances. 
 
2. DEFINITION. 
 
a) “Board” means the Board of Directors of Topsun Energy Limited. 
 
b) “Company” means Topsun Energy Limited. 
 
c) “Policy” mean this Policy on Investors’ Grievance Redressal Mechanism. 
 
d) “SCORES” is a web based centralized grievance redress system of SEBI (http://scores.gov.in), which enables the investors to lodge and follow up their complaints and track the status of redressal of such complaints online from the above website from anywhere 
 
e) “Stipulated Turnaround Time” means the timelines as specified in the Investor Service Timelines and Classification as Grievance section of this Policy. The words and phrases not defined under this Policy will carry the same meaning as defined under the Articles of Association of the Company; the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 read with the rules and regulations made thereunder, 

 
 
Page | 2 
including the LODR; and the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules made 
thereunder. 
 
3. SCOPE. 
 
The coverage of this policy is to redress the grievance of all the securities issued by 
the Company, which are listed on the stock exchanges in India or abroad. 
 
At present the equity shares of the Company are listed on the BSE Limited (https://www.bseindia.com/). 
 
4. INVESTORS COMMUNICATIONS. 
 
The RTA and the Company receives various correspondence / communication from the investors, either directly or forwarded by the stock exchanges or uploaded on the SEBI’s SCORES platform, relating to the securities, annual reports, dividends and ancillary matters. These communications may either be complaints or mere queries / requests by the security holders. 
 
The Company has well defined guidelines with respect to classification of security holders’ communication / grievances, servicing timelines and the process for redressal of grievances and the escalation matrix thereof. 
 
The Company has also formulated a set of frequently asked questions (FAQs) in 
respect of investment related matters for better investor awareness. The Investors can 
refer the same on the website of the Company at www.valenciaindia.in. 
 
5. INVESTOR SERVICE TIMELINES AND CLASSIFICATION AS GRIEVANCE. 
 
The Company and its RTA shall follow the following timelines for performance of 
their respective duties towards the investors: 
 
a) Requests for change of address, non-receipt of annual reports, notice of general 
meetings, updation of bank details (for holdings in physical form) are addressed 
by the RTA within a period of 7 working days from the receipt of the request or in 
case, any supporting documents are required by the RTA for addressing the request, 
within a period of 7 working days from the receipt of such documents to the RTA’s 
satisfaction. 

 
 
Page | 3 
b) Requests for transfers/ transmission/ duplicate security certificate, change of name, dematerialization, and loss of security certificates and other matters not specified in (a) above, are addressed by the RTA within a period of 7 to 15 days 
from the receipt of the request. In case, any supporting documents are required by 
the RTA from the investor or any other party for addressing the request, such matters shall be addressed within a period of 15 days from the receipt of such documents to the RTA’s satisfaction. 
 
c) Matters not specifically mentioned herein above and for the redressal of which, if any statutory timelines have been prescribed, the Company and the RTA shall address such grievance within the timeline as prescribed under the statute or within maximum 15 days, whichever is earlier. 
 
Classification of security holders’ communication as Grievance. 
 
a. Multiple correspondence / communications or reminders received for the same matter within the Stipulated Turnaround Time for handling of the query / communication shall be treated as grievance. 
 
b. If a query is resolved after the Stipulated Turnaround Time and there is no reminder 
from the investor during such time period, such query shall not be treated as 
complaint. 
 
c. In case of any ambiguity, the Company Secretary shall be the sole authority to decide on the nature and classification of the communication and the decision of the Company Secretary shall be final and binding. 
 
d. For clarity, examples of request v/s complaint / grievance are presented below: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Communication not treated as complaint Communication treated as complaint 
1 Non-receipt of annual report 
 First request or any such communication w.r.t. non - receipt of annual report will be considered as a request if, the Company has dispatched the annual report to the security holder on or before the due 
date(s) through permissible means. 
Subsequent request(s) for non-receipt of 
annual report to be treated and recorded as a 
complaint if, 
 
(a) the Company /RTA has not dispatched the annual report to the security holder on or 
before the due date(s), or 

 
 
Page | 4 
 Such communication shall be treated as request for an additional copy of the annual report. The Company shall respond to the request by intimating the original date of dispatch of annual report and will 
also share a copy of the annual report in compliance with the security holder’s request. 
(b) the Company / RTA has not responded to investor’s request within the Stipulated Turnaround Time. 
2 Non-receipt of dividend / Interest / Principal amount 
 First request or any such communication w.r.t. non-receipt of dividend / interest/ principal will be considered as a query / request if, the Company has credited the dividend/ interest / principal to the bank account of the investor or dispatched dividend/ interest / principal amount warrants / demand drafts on or before the due date(s). 
 
When the Company is unable to pay out the dividend/ interest/ principal: 
 
a) In case where the dividend/ interest/ 
principal is to be credited to the bank 
account of the investor, and such credit has been declined by the bank, the Company will pay out the dividend/ interest/ principal through a warrant / demand draft in favor of the investor. 
 
b) In case the dispatched dividend/ interest/ principal warrant / demand draft is returned undelivered, the Company will proceed with re-dispatching the dividend/ interest/ principal warrant / demand draft only 
upon a written request by the investor. 
Such communication from the investor 
will be treated as a request and not a 
complaint. 
Any communication w.r.t. non-receipt of dividend/ interest/ principal warrants / demand drafts sent to the Company or to the RTA after the expiry of the Stipulated Turnaround Time for issuance of duplicate dividend/ interest/ principal warrant will be considered as a complaint. 

 
 
Page | 5 
 
3 Non-receipt of securities’ certificates 
 Non-receipt of duly authenticated security 
certificate(s) upon sub- division / transfer / 
transmission / consolidation / re-
materialization will be considered as a 
query if, the Company has dispatched the 
security certificates within prescribed time 
limits. The Company shall respond to the 
query by sharing details of dispatch to the 
investor. It is clarified that upon the dispatch 
of security certificate through registered 
post or courier or any other approved mode, 
the Company shall be deemed to have 
discharged its duty and the investor are 
expected to coordinate with the postal / 
courier agency for the securities certificates 
dispatched. 
Communication w.r.t. non-receipt of duly 
authenticated security certificate(s) after the 
expiry of the statutory period for giving effect 
to the respective request will be treated as a 
complaint if, the Company has not dispatched 
the security certificates to the investor. 
4 Security holder communication through statutory authorities 
 Any communication from investors through statutory authorities which is not treated as a complaint by the statutory authority, and which would not have been treated as a complaint by the Company if it was directly addressed to the Company, will not be treated as a complaint. 
 
As per SEBI circular dated March 26, 2018, any grievances submitted to SEBI through SCORES will not be treated as complaints if the grievance is redressed by the 
Company within 
At times, requests / grievances are directly 
communicated to the statutory authorities by the investors. Such communications may not always qualify as a complaint under the guidelines adopted by the Company. However, since the statutory authorities treat all communication received from investors as complaint, regardless of the nature of such communication, the Company is constrained to follow the classification as followed by the statutory authorities. Accordingly, any 
 30 days. Accordingly, such grievances registered with SEBI, will not be treated as complaints by the Company. communication from investors received through statutory authorities viz. stock exchanges, Registrar of Companies, Regional Directors, SEBI, etc. which is treated as complaint by such statutory authority, will be treated as a complaint by the Company. 

 
 
Page | 6 
 Miscellaneous 
 Correspondence w.r.t. change in address, nominees etc. will be considered as a request and not as a complaint if, the request is addressed within the Stipulated Turnaround Time. 
 
Any communication / suggestions / enquiry about procedures for any action 
will be considered as a request 
/ general enquiry and not a complaint. 
 
Any communication requisitioning information or documents relating to the Company or its operations as per statutory rights available to the investor will be treated as request if, the requisition is in 
proper format and the Company has responded to the same within prescribed time limits. 
 Incomplete communications, communications without requisite supporting documentation or any communication which is vague or nonspecific in nature will not be treated as a complaint. 
 Communications / complaints in relation 
to matters that are subjudice will not be 
treated as a complaint under this Policy. 
Any communication from the investor not responded to by the Company or not responded by the Company within the Stipulated Turnaround Time will be considered as complaint. 

 
 
Page | 7 
6. INVESTOR GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL MECHANISM. 
 
a) Investors can lodge a complaint for non-receipt of any right available to them or 
failure of the RTA / Company by giving details of their name, folio no., DP ID / 
Client ID, nature and full particulars of their complaint directly to the RTA, except for 
matters relating to securities / dividend transferred to Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (IEPF). 
 
For IEPF related matters, investors can directly contact the Nodal Officer appointed by the Company as specified under this section of this Policy. 
 
b) Any information, other than those specified above or any supporting documentation required for redressal of the complaint shall be informed to the investors by the RTA within the timeline specified under the Investor Service Timelines and Classification as Grievance section of this Policy. 
 
Investors are requested to furnish all the requisite information along with duly executed documents at the earliest to avoid any delay in redressal of their complaints. 
 
c) In case of non-satisfactory response from RTA or non-receipt of a reply from the RTA within the Stipulated Turnaround Time, investors may approach and lodge their complaints through the Company’s designated email id for investor grievances – cs@topsunenergy.com 
 
The designated email id is also displayed on the Company’s website: www. topsunenergy.com 
 
Alternatively, investors can send their complaints at the registered office or the corporate office of the Company. 
 
If the investor does not receive a reply from the RTA within the stipulated turnaround time, he / she may approach the Company at the credentials mentioned above. 
 
d) Investors are requested to approach the RTA, or in case of any inaction by the RTA, 
the Company, for redressal of their concerns prior to raising their concerns with 
the regulatory authorities. 
e) Only complaints sent on the addresses / email ids mentioned in this Policy will be treated as valid complaints. 

 
 
Page | 8 
 
f) The Company periodically obtains status report of the complaints from the RTA. The Company also obtains, annually, from the RTA, report by their independent internal auditors on the RTA activities including the process of grievance handling. 
 
g) As required under Regulation 13 of the LoDR, the Company files with the Stock Exchanges and places the statement of investor complaints at the Board meeting on a quarterly basis. Further, the Company also makes annual disclosure of the statement of investor complaints in its annual report pursuant to the LoDR. Further, the Company places the Internal Audit Report at the Board meeting as required under applicable SEBI regulations. 
 
h) The Stakeholders Relationship Committee is responsible for the examination and 
redressal of the complaints by investors and the Committee periodically reviews the 
effectiveness of the redressal mechanism. 
 
i) The escalation matrix for complaints relating to the securities of the Company is as provided below: 
Level 1 Mr. Keyur Patel – Managing Director, 
 Valencia India Limited Address: Unit No. 927, Gala Empire, Opp. Doordarshan Tower, 
Drive Inroad, Thaltej Road, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, 380054 
Tel No.: +91 7573006633 
Email ID: cs@topsunenergy.com 
 
Level 2 CS Twinkle Rathi 
Valencia India Limited Address: Unit No. 927, Gala Empire, Opp. Doordarshan Tower, 
Drive Inroad, Thaltej Road, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, 380054 
Tel No.: +91 7573006633 
Email ID: cs@topsunenergy.com 
 Email - cs@topsunenergy.com 
 Tel. No. +91 7573006633 
Level 3 The investor may approach the Securities and Exchange Board of India and file their grievance through “SCORES”, the centralized online system for lodging and tracking complaints. 
SCORES facility can be accessed through the web link http://scores.gov.in. 
Filing complaints on SCORES - Easy & quick 
a) Register on SCORES portal 
Mandatory details for filing complaints on SCORES are name, PAN, address, mobile number, E-mail ID of the complainant. 

 
 
Page | 9 
7. CONTACT DETAILS OF THE RTA 
 
Bigshare Services Private Limited 
Address: Office No. S6-2, 6th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park, Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves 
Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400093, Maharashtra, India. 
Tel No: +91 22-62638200 
Fax: +91 22-62638299 
Website: www.bigshareonline.com 
E-Mail ID: investor@bigshareonline.com 
Contact Person: Babu Rapheal C 
SEBI Reg. No.: INR000001385 
 
8. MISCELLANEOUS 
 
The Company Secretary is authorized to amend the Policy to give effect to any changes 
/ Amendments notified by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs or the SEBI. 
 
By the Authority of the Board 
 
 
 
Mr. Chintan Patel 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN: 01660438

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/topsun-management/

With a Bachelor’s degree in Electronics and over 28 years of rich industry experience, the Managing Director of Topsun Energy Ltd. has been pivotal in steering the company’s growth, diversification, and reputation in the Indian solar sector. A result-oriented leader, he brings a powerful blend of hard and soft skills—including financial expertise, strategic planning, risk and time management, team leadership, communication, and decision-making—which have driven profitability and sustained success. His visionary leadership motivates senior management, aligns teams with the company’s mission, and ensures operational efficiency across all functions.
Chanakya Patel, a Bachelor in Electronics with over 28 years of industry experience, is a visionary leader renowned for his expertise in product design, development, and realization. As Director-Technical at Topsun, he has been instrumental in shaping strategic technical operations, spearheading plant expansions, and integrating advanced technologies to optimize production. His pioneering work in developing customized system solutions and his unwavering commitment to quality management and global standards have significantly elevated Topsun reputation in the solar industry. Under his leadership, the company continues to deliver innovative, high-performance, and globally competitive products energy solutions.
Kalpesh Patel is a highly experienced and versatile professional, serving as a key Director with a proven track record of driving growth, fostering innovation, and steering organizational expansion. He plays a pivotal role in forging strategic partnerships with like-minded business associates, navigating government policies, and contributing significantly to the company’s diversification efforts. With a strong focus on external agency relations, Kalpesh excels in managing media, advertising, and publications, thereby enhancing the organization’s public image and market presence. His commitment to human resource development ensures the nurturing of a capable and motivated workforce, aligning talent strategies with the company’s long-term vision and objectives.
Kesul Patel, a qualified Electrical Engineer with over a decade of experience, serves as CEO with a proven track record of driving organizational success through strategic leadership and operational excellence. With deep expertise in manufacturing management, order planning, and procurement, he ensures efficient project execution and consistent performance across all functions. Kesul fosters strong team alignment, optimizes resource use, and focuses on long-term business goals, while also excelling in government relations and compliance. His unique blend of technical knowledge and business acumen empowers his organization to innovate, lead, and achieve sustained success in a competitive industry.
Harness the power of the sun with our state-of-the-art solar products solutions. we are committed to providing cost-effective solar energy systems for your home or business.
WhatsApp us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/products-solutions/

At Topsun Energy Ltd., we specialize in the design, installation, commissioning and maintenance of solar power projects for ground mount, commercial, industrial and residential applications. Our solar solutions are customized to meet the specific energy needs of each client, offering cost savings, reliability, and sustainability.
The Solar Water Pump Systems by Topsun Energy Ltd. provide an efficient, reliable, and eco-friendly solution for agricultural irrigation. Our systems harness the power of the sun to pump water for farms, reducing reliance on traditional power sources and improving farm productivity. We are working in KUSUM component B and KUSUM component C of solar water pumping system since last so many years.
Our Solar EV Charging Stations offer a sustainable and efficient solution for electric vehicle (EV) owners. By combining solar energy, Battery Energy Storage Systems (BES), and Energy Management Systems (EMS), we ensure reliable charging and reduced dependency on the electrical grid.
Our Agricultural Drones are designed to enhance farming efficiency by automating the spraying of pesticides, liquid fertilizers, and seed broadcasting. With advanced features like software-adjustable flow rates, RTL (Return to Launch), and real-time monitoring, our drones are the future of precision agriculture.
Harness the power of the sun with our state-of-the-art solar products solutions. we are committed to providing cost-effective solar energy systems for your home or business.
WhatsApp us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/solar-power-plant/

At Topsun Energy Ltd., we specialize in the design, installation, commissioning and maintenance of solar power projects for ground mount, commercial, industrial and residential applications. Our solar solutions are customized to meet the specific energy needs of each client, offering cost savings, reliability, and sustainability.
Our expert team collaborates with clients from initial site assessment to final evacuation to grid. We design solar power systems tailored to your energy consumption and space requirements.
Government Liaison for approvals, incentives, and compliance with local regulations.
High-Efficiency Panels: We use mono PERC and Topcon panels to ensure optimal energy production.
Structural Design & Soil Testing: We assess the land for suitability, ensuring the solar structure can withstand local wind and environmental conditions.
Grid-Tied & Off-Grid Solutions: Depending on your needs, we offer grid-tied systems or battery storage for energy independence.
SCADA & Remote Monitoring: Our SCADA systems allow remote monitoring of the entire solar plant for real-time performance tracking and maintenance alerts.
MMS are engineered for durability, stability, and performance, tailored to site-specific conditions such as soil composition or roof strength.
Designed to withstand all weather conditions, including high winds these structures are built using high-quality galvanized steel or aluminium for exceptional corrosion resistance.
With flexible configurations for ground-mounted and roof-mounted systems, as well as fixed-tilt or tracking options
Routine Maintenance: We provide maintenance contracts that include performance checks, system calibration, and cleaning.
Training: Hands-on training for your team to manage routine operations and communicate effectively with our support.
Harness the power of the sun with our state-of-the-art solar products solutions. we are committed to providing cost-effective solar energy systems for your home or business.
WhatsApp us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/gallery/

Skip to content
+91 004-9985-484-44
info@topsun.com
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Home
About Us
Milestone
Achivement
Topsun Management
Products & Solutions
Solar Power Plant
Solar Water Pumping System
EV Charging Station
Agriculture Drone
Investor Relations
Gallery
Contact Us
Home
About Us
Milestone
Achivement
Topsun Management
Products & Solutions
Solar Power Plant
Solar Water Pumping System
EV Charging Station
Agriculture Drone
Investor Relations
Gallery
Contact Us
Gallery
Projects
Training to Trainers at Topsun Plant on 19/05/2018
Training to Trainers at Topsun Plant on 19/05/2018
Explanation of Solar rooftop System during “IOCL ENGINEERS CONCLAVE” Gujarat at kensvilla on 09/01/2018
Explanation of Solar rooftop System during “IOCL ENGINEERS CONCLAVE” Gujarat at kensvilla on 09/01/2018
Farmers Awareness Program for Solar Water Pumping System at Raipur Chattisgarh on 30/07/2017
Farmers Awareness Program for Solar Water Pumping System at Raipur Chattisgarh on 30/07/2017
Business Associate Meet at Udaipur on 13/07/2017
Business Associate Meet at Udaipur on 13/07/2017
Awareness Program for Solar to Polytechnic colleges, Rajkot on 13/04/2017
Awareness Program for Solar to Polytechnic colleges, Rajkot on 13/04/2017
Women’s Day Celebration at Topsun Plant 08/03/2017
Women’s Day Celebration at Topsun Plant 08/03/2017
Training to Trainers at Topsun Plant on 03/02/2017
Training to Trainers at Topsun Plant on 03/02/2017
Techno Mantra Event Sponshered By Topsun at KSSBM, Gujarat University on 24th-25th Jan 2017
Techno Mantra Event Sponshered By Topsun at KSSBM, Gujarat University on 24th-25th Jan 2017
“Connect” A Milestone of 100Cr on 7th Jan 2017
“Connect” A Milestone of 100Cr on 7th Jan 2017
O&M Training to ONGC Engineers at Ahmedabad on 05/12/2016
O&M Training to ONGC Engineers at Ahmedabad on 05/12/2016
Training to Trainers at Topsun Plant on 16/05/2016
Training to Trainers at Topsun Plant on 16/05/2016
Airport Authority, Varanasi
Vimal Dairy
Urban School
Sursagar Dairy
Ahmedabad Civil Hospital
GETCO, Surendranagar
GSECL Wanakbori
Keshav Cold Storage
Kusa Chemicals Limited
Lions Hospital
NDDB, SAG Bidaj
Nohar, Water Pump System
Shubham cold storage
SKY
Statue of Unity
WhatsApp us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/contact-us/

Skip to content
+91 004-9985-484-44
info@topsun.com
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Home
About Us
Milestone
Achivement
Topsun Management
Products & Solutions
Solar Power Plant
Solar Water Pumping System
EV Charging Station
Agriculture Drone
Investor Relations
Gallery
Contact Us
Home
About Us
Milestone
Achivement
Topsun Management
Products & Solutions
Solar Power Plant
Solar Water Pumping System
EV Charging Station
Agriculture Drone
Investor Relations
Gallery
Contact Us
Contact Us
Inquiry
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
Numbers Text Single
Single Line Text
*
Email
*
Numbers
Dropdown
*
Select Service
SPV Project Plant
Solar Water Pumping System
EV Charging Station
Drone
Paragraph Text
*
Submit
Registered Office
Topsun Energy Limited
B-101, GIDC, Electronic Zone,
Sector 25, Gandhinagar – 382028, Gujarat (lndia)
Front Desk : +91 7573006633
Helpdesk : 1800-889-8288 (Toll-free), +91 9978979808
For Enquiries: info@topsunenergy.com,
marketing@topsunenergy.com
For Helpdesk : customercare.am@topsunenergy.com
WhatsApp us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/achievements/

Solar Power Generation Projects, we have established a robust presence across government departments and public sector units (PSUs) in multiple states, including Gujarat, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, and Maharashtra. Our projects span ground-mounted systems, rooftop installations, and industrial applications, collectively demonstrating our engineering excellence and adaptability. With a current order healthy order book in this product, these projects underline our capability to deliver large-scale, high-value solutions that cater to both the public and private sectors.and industrial applications, collectivelydemonstrating our engineering excellence and adaptability. With a current order healthy order book in this product, these projects underline our capability to deliver large-scale, high-value solutions that cater to both the public and private sectors.
Our Solar Water Pumping Systems have gained significant traction in states like Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, and Assam. Offering certified and validated Solutions in various capacities and designs, including submersible and surface systems, we have become a trusted partner in empowering rural and agricultural communities. This product line not only addresses critical water needs but also drives sustainable irrigation practices. The massive order book value from multiple state governments highlights our leadership in this segment, while the growing demand reinforces the potential for continued expansion.multiple state governments highlights our leadership in this segment, while the growing demand reinforces the potential for continued expansion.
As pioneers in Solar EV Charging Stations integrated with Battery Energy Storage (BES), we have developed cutting-edge solutions to support India’s transition to electric mobility. Our projects feature diverse capacities, from compact carports for personal vehicles to large-scale systems designed for public transport and passenger vehicles. These innovative solutions are strategically aligned with the government’s push for EV adoption and are poised to capitalize on the developing market. With a proven track record, we are well-positioned to meet the growing demand for sustainable EV infrastructure.EV adoption and are poised to capitalize on the developing market. With a proven track record, we are well-positioned to meet the growing demand for sustainable EV infrastructure.
In the agricultural domain, our DGCA-certified Agriculture Drone represents a ground-breaking achievement. As the first in Gujarat to receive this certification, the drone has undergone rigorous audits and flight checks to ensure exceptional performance. Its applications span pesticide spraying, seed broadcasting, and liquid fertilizer application, including use on fruit trees. With agriculture being a recurring need for farmers, and considering the government’s subsidy support, this product holds immense potential for mass adoption. By enhancing productivity and reducing manual labour, it opens a transformative market opportunity that positions us at the forefront of agri-tech innovation.
Harness the power of the sun with our state-of-the-art solar products solutions. we are committed to providing cost-effective solar energy systems for your home or business.
WhatsApp us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/solar-water-pump-system/

The Solar Water Pump Systems by Topsun Energy Ltd. provide an efficient, reliable, and eco-friendly solution for agricultural irrigation. Our systems harness the power of the sun to pump water for farms, reducing reliance on traditional power sources and improving farm productivity. We are working in KUSUM component B and KUSUM component C of solar water pumping system since last so many years.
Our solar pumps submersible & surface are validated by BIS as per MNRE Guideline for accurate flow rates and reliable performance, available in both AC and DC models to suit various needs.
Customizable Solutions: We provide pumps of various capacities & Duty heads ensuring the right fit for any farm size.
Powered entirely by solar energy, these systems operate without the need for fuel or grid electricity, offering low operational costs.
Durable Panels: High-quality & IEC certified solar panels ensure long-lasting performance in various environmental conditions.
User friendly, high efficiency, IEC certified controllers in IP65 class with MPPT algorithm to harness max energy from sunlight.
MMS are engineered for durability, stability, and performance, tailored to site-specific conditions such as soil composition or roof strength.
Designed to withstand all weather conditions, including high winds these structures are built using high-quality galvanized steel or aluminium for exceptional corrosion resistance.
With flexible configurations for ground-mounted and roof-mounted systems, as well as fixed-tilt or tracking options
Integrated with real-time monitoring systems, you can track system performance and get water throughput data & fault alarms remotely.
Ongoing Support: Our team offers online & offline support with routine maintenance and training to ensure your system works optimally throughout the year.
Harness the power of the sun with our state-of-the-art solar products solutions. we are committed to providing cost-effective solar energy systems for your home or business.
WhatsApp us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/solar-ev-charging-stations/

Our Solar EV Charging Stations offer a sustainable and efficient solution for electric vehicle (EV) owners. By combining solar energy, Battery Energy Storage Systems (BES), and Energy Management Systems (EMS), we ensure reliable charging and reduced dependency on the electrical grid.
Available in 30KW x 1, 60kW single & Dual, and 120kW x Single & Dual models, our stations are certified for use in India and compliant with FAME II protocols.
Equipped with BES, these stations store solar energy for use during cloudy days or night, ensuring constant availability for EV charging.
EMS optimizes energy usage, balancing the load to prevent energy wastage and provide efficiency.
Mobile App Integration for real-time tracking of your EV’s charging status, and payment gateway for easy and secure payments directly from your smartphone.
Remote Monitoring: Track the health of the station, including energy production and consumption.
Prior booking by easy slot identification in real time cloud, online to ease your vehicle booking to charge promptly & save efficient time as well reduce risk of run out.
Compliant with FAME II government protocols to qualify for financial incentives.
Fast Charging ensures rapid service for all types of electric vehicles.
Designed for strength, durability, and adaptability. Tailored to site-specific conditions through comprehensive soil testing, they ensure stability on diverse terrains, including soft soils and rocky surfaces.
Built with high-quality galvanized steel or aluminium, they provide exceptional corrosion resistance and withstand harsh weather, including high winds and heavy rainfall. Precision-engineered using advanced tools, they meet the highest safety and performance standards, ensuring reliable, long-lasting support for solar installations.
Harness the power of the sun with our state-of-the-art solar products solutions. we are committed to providing cost-effective solar energy systems for your home or business.
WhatsApp us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Policy_on_Terms_of_Appointment_of_Independent_Directors.pdf

POLICY ON TERMS OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
A Preamble 
 
Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 4 and Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment 
and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 provides for the appointment of an Independent 
Director. 
 
In terms of Regulation 17 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirement) Regulation, 2015 (the " Listing Obligation") the board of directors of the 
company is required to lay down a code of conduct for all members of board of directors and shall 
suitably incorporate the duties of independent directors as laid down in the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
Accordingly, the board of directors of Topsun Energy Limited (the "Company"), in compliance with 
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the "Act") and the Listing Regulations, has formulated a 
Policy on Terms of Appointment of Independent Director (the "Policy"), which has been adopted by 
the Board on [●]. 
 
B Definitions and Interpretation 
 
In this Policy, words and expressions shall have the meaning assigned to them below: 
 
"Act" shall mean the Companies Act, 2013 and rules 
framed thereunder, notified by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, Government of I ndia, as 
amended from time to time; 
 
"Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the 
Company; 
 
"Company" shall mean Topsun Energy Limited, incorporated 
under the provisions of the Act; 
 
"Directors" shall mean all the members of the Board of 
Directors of the Company, including the 
Independent Directors; 
 
"Independent Directors" shall mean the Director other than a managing 
director or a whole -time director or a nominee 
director as more specifically set out under 
Section 149(6) of the Act, and shall also have the 
meaning ascribed to the term "Independent 
Director" under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing 
Regulations; 
 
"Nomination and Remuneration Committee" shall mean the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee constituted by the Board in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act and 
the Listing Regulation. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
C Criteria for appointment and remuneration 
 
1. Appointment and reappointment: 
 
 
a) Appointment process of the Independent Directors shall be independent of the company’s 
management, and in compliance with the relevant provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulation; 
 
b) The appointment of the Independent Director(s) of the company shall be approved at the meeting 
of the shareholders at the next general meeting or within a time period of three months from the 
date of appointment, whichever is earlier. 
 
c) The Independent Director shall also be appointed as member and/or chairman, as maybe be 
applicable, of committees of the Board of Directors, in compliance with the provisions of the Act and 
the Listing Regulation. 
 
d) while selecting the Independent Directors the Board shall ensure that there is appropriate balance 
of skills, experience and knowledge in the Board so as to enable the Board to discharge its functions 
and duties effectively. 
 
e) The explanatory statement attached to the notice of the meeting for approving the appointment of 
the Independent Director shall include a statement that in the opinion of the Board, the 
Independent Director proposed to be appointed fulfils the conditions specified in the Act and the 
Listing Regulations, along with a confirmation that the proposed director is independent of the 
management and possesses the required skills and capabilities for the role of an independent 
director. 
 
f) The shareholders of the Company must be provided with the following information: 
 
(i) a brief resume of the Independent Director; 
(ii) nature of expertise in specific functional areas; 
(iii) disclosure of relationships between directors inter-se; 
(iv) names of listed entities in which the person also holds the directorship and the membership 
of Committees of the board along with listed entities from which the person has resigned in 
the past three years; 
(v) shareholding in the Company, including shareholding as a beneficial owner; and 
(vi) the skills and capabilities required for the role and the manner in which the proposed person 
meets such requirements. 
 
g) The appointment of Independent Directors shall be formalised through a letter of appointment, 
which shall set out: 
 
(i) the term of appointment; 
(ii) the expectation of the Board from the appointed director; the Board -level committee(s) in 
which the director is expected to serve; 
(iii) the fiduciary duties that come with such an appointment along with accompanying liabilities; 
(iv) provision for directors and officers (D and O) insurance, if any; 
(v) the code that the company expects its directors and employees to follow; 
(vi) the list of actions that a director should not do while functioning as such in the Company; and 
(vii) the remuneration, mentioning periodic fees, reimbursement of expenses for participation in 
the Boards and other meetings and profit related commission, if any. 
 

 
 
h) The terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Directors shall be open for inspection 
at the registered office of the company by any member during normal business hours. 
 
i) The terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Directors shall also be posted on the 
Company’s website. 
 
2. Remuneration 
 
a) The remuneration shall be paid by way of sitting fee for attending meetings of the Board and its 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee as may be decided by the Board from time to time. 
 
b) In addition to above, they will also be entitled for reimbursement of travel, hotel and other 
incidental expenses incurred in the performance of their role and duties. 
 
D Tenure 
 
Independent Directors shall be appointed for a maximum period of 5 consecutive years on the 
Board of the Company 
 
E Board Committee 
 
During the tenure of office, the Independent Director may be requested to serve on one or more 
committees of the Board and in the event of acceptance of such request(s) they will be provided 
with the relevant committee’s terms of reference and specific responsibilities. 
 
F Role, Duties and Responsibilities 
 
The role and duties will be those as required under the Act which shall inter-alia include: 
 
a) to help in bringing an independent judgment to bear on the Board’s deliberations especially on 
issues of strategy, performance, risk management, resources, key appointments and standards 
of conduct; 
 
b) to bring an objective view in the evaluation of the performance of board and management; 
c) to scrutinize the performance of management in meeting agreed goals and objectives and 
monitor the reporting of performance; 
 
d) to satisfy themselves on the integrity of financial information and those financial controls and 
the systems of risk management are robust and defensible; 
 
e) to safeguard the interests of all stakeholders, particularly the minority stakeholders; 
 
f) to balance the conflicting interest of the stakeholders; 
 
g) to determine appropriate levels of remuneration of executive directors, key managerial 
personnel and senior management and have a prime role in appointing and where necessary 
recommend removal of executive directors, key managerial personnel and senior management; 
 
h) to act in accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association; 
 

 
 
i) to act in good faith, in order to promote objectives of the Company in the best interests of the 
Company, its employees, the stakeholders and the community; 
 
j) to moderate and arbitrate in the interest of the Company as a whole, in situations of conflict 
between management and stakeholder’s interest; 
 
k) to discharge duties with due and reasonable care and diligence, skill and diligence and exercise 
independent judgment; 
 
l) to participate constructively and actively in the committees of the Board in which they are 
chairpersons or members; 
 
m) strive to attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and of the Board committees of which he 
is a member, and the General Meetings of the Company; 
 
n) to act within their authority, assist in protecting the legitimate interests of the Company, 
stakeholders and its employees; 
 
o) to undertake appropriate induction and regularly update and refresh their skills, knowledge and 
familiarity with the Company; 
 
p) to report concerns about unethical behavior, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the 
Company’s code of conduct or ethics policy; 
 
q) to keep themselves well informed about the Company and the external environment in which it 
operates; 
 
r) not to unfairly obstruct the functioning of the Board or committee of the Board; 
 
s) not disclose confidential information, including commercial secrets, technologies, advertising 
and sales promotion plans, unpublished price sensitive information, unless such disclosure is 
expressly approved by the Board or required by law; 
 
t) not to achieve or attempt to achieve any undue gain or advantage either for themselves or for 
their relatives, partners or associates; and 
 
u) not to assign their office as Director and such assignment, if occurs, shall be void. 
 
G Liability 
 
The liability that devolves pursuant to the appointments would be as per the applicable laws and 
Articles of Association of the Company. 
 
H Conflict of Interest 
 
During the term, they are required to promptly notify any change in their directorships, 
appointments and interest in any manner whatsoever. In the event that circumstances seem likely 
to change and could give rise to a conflict of interest or, when applicable, circumstances that lead 
the Board to revise its judgment on their independence, the same should be disclosed to the 
chairman of the Board. 
 
 

 
 
I Evaluation Process 
 
The performance evaluation shall be done annually by the entire Board. They will participate in 
reviewing the performance of the Board as a whole and the other Directors on annual basis. 
 
J Code of Conduct 
 
During the tenure as Independent Director, they are required to comply with the Code of Conduct 
as provided in Schedule IV to the Act. They are also requested to give a declaration that they will 
meet the criteria of ‘independence’ at the first meeting of the Board in every financial year pursuant 
to the provisions of Section 149(7) of the Act. They are also required to abide by Company’s Code of 
Conduct for Directors and Senior Management. 
 
K Confidentiality 
 
All information acquired during the tenure is confidential to the Company and shall not be released, 
either during the appointment or following termination (by whatever means) to third parties 
without prior clearance from the chairman, unless required by law or by the rules of any stock 
exchange or any regulatory body. 
 
L Resignation or removal 
 
The resignation or removal of an Independent Director shall be in the manner as provided under 
Sections 168 and 169 of the Act. 
 
a) The Company shall disclose to the Stock Exchange, within seven days from the date of 
resignation of the Independent Director: 
(i) the letter of resignation along with detailed reasons for the resignation as given by the 
Independent Director; 
(ii) names of listed entities in which the resigning Independent Director holds directorships, 
indicating the category of directorship and membership of board committees, if any; 
(iii) the confirmation received from the Independent Director shall, along with the 
disclosures, also provide a confirmation that there is no other material reasons other 
than those provided; 
(iv) The confirmation as provided by the independent director above shall also be disclosed 
by the Company to the stock exchanges along with the detailed reasons as specified in 
sub-clause (i) and (ii) above. 
 
b) An Independent Director who resigns or is removed from the Board of the company shall be 
replaced by a new Independent Director within a period of not more than one hundred and 
eighty days from the date of such resignation or removal, as the case may be. 
 
c) Where the company fulfils the requirement of Independent Directors in its Board even without 
filling the vacancy created by such resignation or removal, as the case may be, the requirement 
of replacement by a new Independent Director shall not apply. 
 
d) The Company shall fill any vacancy, caused by an Independent Director resigning or being 
removed, within a period of three months from the date of such vacancy, if such vacancy causes 
the composition of the Board to fall short of the minimum requirement of independent 
directors. 
 

 
 
M Disclosures, other requirements and business requirements 
 
During the Term, they agree to promptly notify the Company of any change in their directorships, 
memberships and provide such other disclosures and information as may be required under the 
applicable laws. They also agree that upon becoming aware of any potential conflict of interest with 
their position as Independent Director of the Company, they shall promptly disclose the same to the 
chairman of the Board and the company secretary of the Company. During their Term, they agree to 
promptly provide a declaration under Section 149(7) of the Act, upon any change in circumstances 
which may affect their status as an Independent Director. 
 
N Review of performance by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Board of Director 
of the Company 
 
Performance of Independent Directors shall be evaluated as per the evaluation criteria laid down by 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and such evaluation will be done by the entire Board 
of the Company excluding the director being evaluated. 
 
O General 
 
Where the terms of this Policy differ from any existing or newly enacted law, rule, or regulation, the 
law, rule or regulation will take precedence over this Policy from the effective date of such law, rule 
or regulation. 
 
For interpretation of this Policy, reference and reliance may be placed upon circulars/clarifications 
issued by the MCA, SEBI and/or any other authority. 
 
**********

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Code_of_Conduct_for_Directors_and_Senior_Management.pdf

CODE OF CONDUCT FOR DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
 
A. Preamble 
 
Topsun Energy Limited (the "Company") believes in sustained growth with ethics in 
transactions and quest for excellence in performance. In order to re -emphasise this 
organisational culture, and commitment towards conducting its business in accordance with the 
applicable laws, rules and regulations and the highest standards of business ethics and ethical 
conduct, the Company has formulated the Code of Conduct for Board Members and Senior 
Managerial Personnel ("Code"), to reflect the business practice and principles of behaviour that 
supports the said commitment of the Company. 
 
The Board and the Senior Management are responsible for setting the standards of conduct 
contained in the Code and for updating these standards as appropriate to reflect legal and 
regulatory developments. 
 
Therefore, it is recognised that compliance of the Code is essential for promoting stakeholder 
confidence in our organisation, and every member of the Board and Senior Management is 
expected to mandatorily comply with the Code. 
 
Accordingly, the Board has approved the Code vide resolution dated 01st April, 2025 and 
adopted the same with effect from 01st April, 2025. 
 
B. Basic Guidelines 
 
The Code has been framed and adopted by the Company in compliance with the provisions of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (the "Listing Regulations") and is applicable to all the members of the Board 
and the Senior Management. 
 
The Code is applicable to all the members of the Board and the Senior Management. 
 
Reference to statutory provisions or regulations shall be construed as meaning and including 
references to any amendment or re -enactment and any amendments to any statutory 
provisions or regulations or clarifications applicable to the Code shall automatically be deemed 
to be included in the Code, without any further amendment of the Code by the Board or 
relevant committee of the Board. 
 
The Company shall procure and possess the Code of Conduct Acknowledgement Forms 
(Annexure – I) signed from all Directors (under the custody of the Company Secretary) indicating 
that they have received, read and understood the provisions of the Code and agree to comply 
with the same. All Directors and Senior Management shall be required to affirm compliance with 
this Code on an annual basis to the Company Secretary, within 30 days from every financial year 
closing in the Code of Conduct Annual Compliance Report (Annexure – II). 
 
 
C. Objective 
 
This Code is intended to (a) provide guidance and help in recognising and dealing with ethical 
issues; (b) help foster a culture of honesty and accountability; and (c) bring about uniform 
understanding required to: 
 
i. Maintain the highest standard of business conduct & ethics for the Company; 

 
 
ii. Provide guidance in difficult situations involving conflict of interest and moral dilemma; and 
iii. Ensures compliance with all applicable laws. 
 
Every Director and the Senior Management is expected to read and understand this Code and its 
application while performing their duties, functions and responsibilities. 
 
D. Definitions and Interpretation 
 
In this Code, words and expressions shall have the meaning assigned to them below: 
 
"Act" shall mean the Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed thereunder, 
notified by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India, 
as amended from time to time; 
 
"Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company; 
 
"Directors" shall mean all the members of the Board of Directors of the 
Company, including the Independent Directors; 
 
"Company" shall mean Topsun Energy Limited; 
 
"Independent Directors" shall mean the Director other than a managing director or a whole-
time director or a nominee director as more specifically set out 
under Section 149(6) of the Act, and shall also have the meaning 
ascribed to the term "Independent Director" under Regulation 
16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations; 
 
"Whole-time Director" shall mean member of the Board who are in whole -time 
employment of the Company; 
 
"Senior Management" shall mean officers/personnel of the Company who are members of 
its core management team excluding board of directors and 
normally this shall comprise all members of management one level 
below the “chief executive officer/managing director/whole time 
director/manager (including chief executive officer/manager , in case 
they are not part of the board) and shall specifically include 
company secretary and chief financial officer; 
 
"Related Party" means a related party as defined under sub-section (76) of section 2 
of the Act or under the applicable accounting standards; 
 
Provided that any person or entity belonging to the promoter or 
promoter group of the Company and holding 20% or more of 
shareholding in the Company shall be deemed to be a related party; 
 
Provided further that this definition shall not be applicable for the 
units issued by mutual funds which are listed on a recognised stock 
exchange(s); 
 
"Related Party Transaction" means a transfer of resources, services or obligations between a 
Company and a related party, regardless of whether a price is 
charged and a "transaction" with a related party shall be construed 

 
 
to include a single transaction or a group of transactions in a 
contract; 
 
Provided that this definition shall not be applicable for the units 
issued by mutual funds which are listed on a recognised stock 
exchange(s); and 
 
"Relative" means relatives as defined under Section 2(77) of the Act read with 
the Companies (Specification of definitions details) Rules, 2015. 
 
In this Code, words and expression are done with no differentiation on Gender and words 
importing singular shall include plural or vice versa. 
 
Unless the context otherwise requires, words and expressions used in this policy and not defined 
herein but defined in the Act and the rules framed thereunder as may be amended from time to 
time shall have the meaning respectively assigned to them therein. 
 
E. Code of Conduct 
 
Every Director and the Senior Management shall, act within the authority advised upon them in 
the best interest of the Company, and strictly in compliance with this Code and shall: 
 
1. exhibit high standards of integrity, commitment and independence of thought and 
judgment; 
 
2. act in the best interests of, and fulfil their fiduciary obligations to the Company and its 
shareholders; 
 
3. act honestly, fairly, ethically and with integrity; 
 
4. conduct themselves in a professional, courteous and respectful manner and not take 
improper advantage of their position; 
 
5. dedicate adequate time, energy and attention to ensure the diligent performance of 
his/her duties; 
 
6. make all reasonable efforts (to the extent required under applicable 
statutes/regulations) to attend Board or committee meetings of the Board and act in 
accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company; 
 
7. act in good faith in order to promote the objective of the Company for the benefit of its 
members as a whole, and in the best interests of the Company, its employees and 
shareholders; 
 
8. exercise his / her duties with due and reasonable care, skill and diligence and shall not 
allow their independent judgement to be subordinated; 
 
9. not involve in a situation in which he/she may have a direct or indirect interest that 
conflicts, or possibly may conflict, with the interest of the Company; 
 
10. not achieve or attempt to achieve any undue gain or advantage either to himself/herself 
or to his / her relatives, partners, or associates pursuant to his / her position as a 

 
 
Director or the Senior Management of the Company and if such Director or the Senior 
Management is found guilty of making any undue gain, he / she shall be liable to pay an 
amount equal to two times the gain to the Company and such other disciplinary action 
as may be decided by the Board; 
 
11. not exploit for own personal gain, opportunities that are discovered through use of 
corporate property, information or position, unless the Company declines to pursue such 
opportunity for its business interest(s); 
 
12. avoid conducting business on behalf of the Company except with the prior approval of 
the Board; with (a) a relative; (b) a limited company in which he or his relative is a 
member or a director; (c) a public limited company in which he along with his relative 
holds more than two per cent of its paid-up share capital; and (d) with a firm in which he 
or his relative is a partner; 
 
13. disclose and avoid having any personal and/or financial interest in any business dealings 
concerning the Company; 
 
14. not assign his / her office, and any assignment so made shall be void 
 
15. shall facilitate the Independent Directors to perform their role effectively as a member of 
the Board and also a member of a committee of Board; 
 
16. conduct themselves so as to meet the expectations of operational transparency to 
stakeholders while at the same time maintaining confidentiality of information in order 
to foster a culture of good decision-making; and 
 
17. comply with every provision of this Code. 
 
F. Conflicts of Interest 
 
The Directors and the Senior Management must avoid conflicts of interest. The Directors and the 
Senior Management should also be mindful of, and seek to avoid, conducts which could 
reasonably be construed as creating an appearance of a conflict of interest. While the Directors 
and the Senior Management should be free to make personal investments and enjoy social 
relations and normal business courtesies, they must not have any interests that adversely 
influence the performance of their duties, functions and responsibilities as the Director and the 
Senior Management of the Company. A conflict of interest can arise when improper personal 
benefits accrue to the Director or the Senior Management or a member of his/her immediate 
family as a result of his/her position as the Director or the Senior Management. A conflict 
situation can also arise when the Director or the Senior Management takes an action or has an 
interest that may make it difficult for him or her to perform his or her duties, functions and 
responsibilities objectively and effectively. 
 
While the Code does not attempt, and indeed it would not be possible, to describe all 
conceivable conflicts of interest that could develop, the following are some examples of 
situations which may constitute conflicts of interest: 
 
1. Working, in any capacity, for a competitor, customer, supplier or other third party while 
occupying the position of the Director or the Senior Management; 
 
2. Competing with the Company for the purchase or sale of property, products, services or 
other interests; 

 
 
 
3. Directing business to a supplier owned or managed by, or which employs, a relative or 
friend; 
 
4. Receiving loans or guarantees of obligations as a result of one’s position as the Director or 
the Senior Management; 
 
5. Accepting bribes, kickbacks or any other improper payments for services relating to the 
conduct of the business of the Company; and 
 
6. Accepting, or having a member of the Director’s or the Senior Management’s family accept, 
a gift from persons or entities that deal with the Company, where the gift is being made in 
order to influence the Director’s or Senior Management’s actions as a member of the Board 
or Senior Management, or where acceptance of a gift could otherwise reasonably create the 
appearance of a conflict of interest. 
 
A conflict of interest may not always be clear. Therefore, the Directors or the Senior 
Management must promptly bring any question about his or her actual or potential conflict of 
interest with the Company to the attention of the Managing Director or the compliance officer, 
who will then review the question and determine a proper course of action, including whether 
consideration or action by the full Board is necessary. The Directors or the Senior Management 
involved in any conflict or potential conflict situations shall disclose such conflict or potential 
conflict to the Board and recuse themselves from any discussion or decision relating thereto. 
 
G. Directorship in other Companies 
 
Unless specifically permitted by the Board, the members of the Board shall not serve as director 
of any other company or as partner of a firm that is engaged in a competing business with the 
Company. The Senior management shall obtain prior approval of the managing Director or any 
competent authority for accepting directorship of any other company or partnership of a firm. 
 
H. Gifts & Donations 
 
The Directors and the Senior Management shall neither receive nor offer or make, directly or 
indirectly, any gifts, donations or comparable benefits which are intended to or perceived to 
obtain undue favours in the transactions detrimental to the interest of the Company, except for 
nominal value, which are customarily given and are of commemorative nature for special events 
and should never be of a kind that could create an appearance of impropriety. 
 
I. Corporate Opportunity 
 
The Directors and the Senior Management shall not: 
 
1. compete with the Company; or 
 
2. take for themselves personally any business opportunities that belong to the Company 
or are discovered through the use of corporate property, information or position; or 
 
3. use corporate property, information or position for personal gain. 
 
 
 

 
 
J. Continuous improvements 
 
All the Directors and the Senior Management should strive hard to adopt a customer -oriented 
approach and to make the Company more competitive. They should endeavor to make 
continuous improvements in all the business plans & processes, should foster suggestions / take 
innovative steps for the betterment of the Company. 
 
K. Insider Trading 
 
Directors and Senior Management of the Company must ensure that they and their relatives 
comply with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015 and the Company’s Policy on the Insider Trading. In particular, Directors must 
ensure that they do not, by themselves or through third parties, deal in the Company’s shares 
while in possession of material non -public information relating to the Company. Directors and 
Senior Management must also ensure that they do not divulge such information to third parties 
except for a legitimate purpose as defined in the Company’s Policy who may use the information 
to deal in the Company’s shares. 
 
The Directors and the Senior Management shall comply with the Code of Internal Procedures 
and Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading in dealing with the securities of the Company as 
applicable from time to time. 
 
L. Confidentiality 
 
The Directors and the Senior Management must maintain the confidentiality of confidential 
information entrusted to them or disclosed or acquired by them in carrying out their duties and 
responsibilities, except where such disclosure is authorised by the Company or is required by 
laws, regulations or legal proceedings. The term “confidential information” includes, but is not 
limited to, non -public information that might be of use to competitors of the Company or 
harmful to the Company or its customers, if disclosed. Whenever feasible, the Directors and the 
Senior Management should consult the Managing Director or the Compliance Officer if they 
believe they have a legal obligation to disclose confidential information. 
 
M. Public Representation 
 
The Company honours the information requirements of the public and its stakeholders. In all its 
public appearance with respect to disclosing information in relation to the Company’s activities 
to public through any type of media, the financial community, employees and shareholders, the 
Company shall be represented only by specifically authorised directors and employees. It will be 
the sole responsibility of these authorised representatives to disclose Company related 
information. 
 
N. Fair Dealing 
 
The Directors and the Senior Management should endeavour to deal fairly with the Company’s 
customers, suppliers, competitors, officers and employees. No Director or the Senior 
Management shall take unfair advantage of the Company’s customers, suppliers, competitors or 
employees through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, 
misrepresentation of material facts or any other unfair dealing practice. Gifts or entertainment in 
any form that is likely to result in a feeling of expectation of personal obligation should not be 
extended or accepted. 
 

 
 
O. Protection and proper use of Company’s assets 
 
The Directors and the Senior Management shall 
 
1. employ the assets of the Company and for the purpose of conducting the business for 
which they are duly authorised; and 
 
2. perform their duties in a manner that protects the Company’s assets and ensures their 
efficient use. The Company’s assets should be used for legitimate business purposes. 
 
The reference of asset shall mean and include but not be limited to (a) tangible assets, both 
movable assets such as equipment and machinery, systems, facilities, materials, resources and 
immovable such as land, building, etc. as well as (b) intangible assets such as proprietary 
information, all company data, relationships with customers and suppliers, etc. 
 
P. Health, Safety & Environment 
 
The Directors and the Senior Management shall be committed to prevent the wasteful use of 
natural resources and minimize any hazardous impact of the development, production, use and 
disposal of any of its products and services on the ecological environment. 
 
Q. Reporting any illegal or unethical behaviour 
 
The Directors and the Senior Management are encouraged to promptly contact Managing 
Director or the Compliance Officer if the Director or Senior Management believes that he or she 
has observed illegal or unethical behaviour by any employee, officer or director, or by any one 
purporting to be acting on the Company’s behalf or any violation or possible violation of this 
Code and the reporting Director or Senior Management has any doubt as to the best course of 
action in a particular situation. Confidentiality will be maintained, to the extent permitted by 
law. 
 
R. Public Company Reporting 
 
As a public company, it is of critical importance that the Company’s filings with the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Reserve Bank of India, the 
concerned Stock Exchange(s) on which the securities of the Company may be listed and/or other 
regulatory authorities be full, fair and accurate. The Directors and the Senior Management shall 
provide information necessary to ensure that the Company’s published reports meet these 
requirements. The Company expects its Directors and Senior Management to provide prompt 
and accurate answers to enquiries relating to its public disclosure requirements. While making 
public disclosures, all material facts will be stated and there will be no concealment or 
misrepresentation of information or data. 
 
S. Record Keeping 
 
All books, records, accounts and financial statements will be maintained in reasonable detail, 
appropriately reflect transactions and conform to both applicable legal requirements and 
systems of internal control. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
T. Compliance with Law 
 
The Directors and the Senior Management must comply with all applicable laws, rules and 
regulations in their business conduct, both in letter and in spirit at all times and all locations 
where the Company operates. In order to assist the Company in promoting lawful and ethical 
behaviour, the Directors and the Senior Management must report to the Managing Director or 
the Compliance Officer any possible violation of law, rules, regulations or provisions of this Code. 
In the event, the ethical and professional standards set out in the applicable laws, rules and 
regulations are below than the standard of this Code, then the standards of this Code shall 
prevail. 
 
U. Independent Directors 
 
The Code is a guide to professional conduct for the Independent Directors. Adherence to these 
standards by the Independent Directors and fulfilment of their responsibilities in a professional 
and faithful manner will promote confidence of the investment community, particularly minority 
shareholders, regulators and companies in the institution of the Independent Directors. 
 
In addition to the requirement of complying with this Code, the Independent Directors of the 
Company shall also adhere to the Code of Conduct (in line with the Schedule IV of the Act) and 
fulfil their duties and responsibilities stated therein and as listed below: 
 
1. Guidelines of professional conduct: An Independent Director shall: 
 
a) uphold ethical standards of integrity and probity; 
 
b) act objectively and constructively while exercising his duties; 
 
c) exercise his responsibilities in a bona fide manner in the interest of the 
Company; 
 
d) devote sufficient time and attention to his professional obligations for informed 
and balanced decision making; 
 
e) not allow any extraneous considerations that will vitiate his exercise of objective 
independent judgment in the paramount interest of the Company as a whole, 
while concurring in or dissenting from the collective judgment of the Board in its 
decision making; 
 
f) not abuse his position to the detriment of the Company or its shareholders or 
for the purpose of gaining direct or indirect personal advantage or advantage for 
any associated person; 
 
g) refrain from any action that would lead to loss of his independence; 
 
h) where circumstances arise, which make an Independent Director lose his 
independence, the Independent Director must immediately inform the Board 
accordingly; and 
 
i) assist the Company in implementing the best corporate governance practices. 
 
 

 
 
2. Role and functions: The Independent Directors shall: 
 
a) help in bringing an independent judgment to bear on the Board’s deliberations 
especially on issues of strategy, performance, risk management, resources, key 
appointments and standards of conduct; 
 
b) bring an objective view in the evaluation of the performance of Board and 
management; 
 
c) scrutinize the performance of management in meeting agreed goals and 
objectives and monitor the reporting of performance; 
 
d) satisfy themselves on the integrity of financial information and that the financial 
controls and the systems of risk management are robust and defensible; 
 
e) safeguard the interests of all stakeholders, particularly the minority 
shareholders; 
 
f) balance the conflicting interest of the stakeholders; 
 
g) determine appropriate levels of remuneration of executive directors, key 
managerial and senior management and have a prime role in appointing and 
where necessary recommend removal of executive directors, key managerial 
and senior management; and 
 
h) moderate and arbitrate in the interest of the Company as a whole, in situations 
of conflict between management and shareholder’s interest. 
 
3. Duties: The Independent Directors shall: 
 
a) undertake appropriate induction and regularly update and refresh their skills, 
knowledge and familiarity with the Company; 
 
b) seek appropriate clarification or amplification of information and, where 
necessary, take and follow appropriate professional advice and opinion of 
outside experts at the expense of the Company; 
 
c) strive to attend all meetings of the Board and of the committees of the Board of 
which he is a member; 
 
d) participate constructively and actively in the committees of the Board in which 
they are chairpersons or members; 
 
e) strive to attend meetings of the Board of Directors and of the Board committee 
of the Board in which they are chairpersons or members; 
 
f) strive to attend the general meetings of the company; 
 
g) where they have concerns about the running of the Company or a proposed 
action, ensure that these are addressed by the Board and, to the extent that 
they are not resolved, insist that their concerns are recorded in the minutes of 
the Board meeting; 

 
 
 
h) keep themselves well informed about the Company and the external 
environment in which it operates; 
 
i) not to unfairly obstruct the functioning of an otherwise proper Board or 
committee of the Board; 
 
j) pay sufficient attention and ensure that adequate deliberations are held before 
approving the Related Party Transactions and assure themselves that such 
transactions are in the interest of the Company; 
 
k) ascertain and ensure that the Company has an adequate and functional vigil 
mechanism and to ensure that the interests of a person who uses such 
mechanism are not prejudicially affected on account of such use; 
 
l) report concerns about unethical behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or 
violation of the Company’s code of conduct or ethics policy; 
 
m) acting within his authority, assist in protecting the legitimate interests of the 
Company, shareholders and its employees; and 
 
n) not disclose confidential information, including commercial secrets, 
technologies, advertising and sales promotion plans, unpublished price sensitive 
information, unless such disclosure is expressly approved by the Board or 
required by law. 
 
4. Manner of appointment: 
 
a) Appointment process of the Independent Directors shall be independent of the 
company’s management, and in compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Act and the Listing Regulation; 
 
b) The appointment of the Independent Director(s) of the company shall be 
approved at the meeting of the shareholders at the next general meeting or 
within a time period of three months from the date of appointment, whichever 
is earlier. 
 
c) The Independent Director shall also be appointed as member and/or chairman, 
as maybe be applicable, of committees of the Board of Directors, in compliance 
with the provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulation. 
 
d) while selecting the Independent Directors the Board shall ensure that there is 
appropriate balance of skills, experience and knowledge in the Board so as to 
enable the Board to discharge its functions and duties effectively. 
 
e) The explanatory statement attached to the notice of the meeting for approving 
the appointment of the Independent Director shall include a statement that in 
the opinion of the Board, the Independent Director proposed to be appointed 
fulfils the conditions specified in the Act and the Listing Regulations, along with 
a confirmation that the proposed director is independent of the management 
and possesses the the required skills and capabilities for the role of an 
independent director. 

 
 
 
f) The appointment of Independent Directors shall be formalised through a letter 
of appointment, which shall set out: 
 
(i) the term of appointment; 
 
(ii) the expectation of the Board from the appointed director; the Board -
level committee(s) in which the director is expected to serve; 
 
(iii) the fiduciary duties that come with such an appointment along with 
accompanying liabilities; 
 
(iv) provision for directors and officers (D and O) insurance, if any; 
 
(v) the code that the company expects its directors and employees to follow; 
 
(vi) the list of actions that a director should not do while functioning as such 
in the Company; and 
 
(vii) the remuneration, mentioning periodic fees, reimbursement of expenses 
for participation in the Boards and other meetings and profit related 
commission, if any. 
 
g) The terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Directors shall be 
open for inspection at the registered office of the company by any member 
during normal business hours. 
 
h) The terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Directors shall also be 
posted on the Company’s website. 
 
5. Re-appointment 
 
The re -appointment of Independent Director shall be on the basis of report of 
performance evaluation. 
 
6. Resignation or removal: 
 
a) The resignation or removal of an Independent Director shall be in the same 
manner as is provided in sections 168 and 169 of the Act. 
 
b) The Company shall disclose to the Stock Exchange, within seven days from the 
date of resignation of the Independent Director: 
(i) the letter of resignation along with detailed reasons for the resignation as 
given by the Independent Director; 
(ii) names of listed entities in which the resigning Independent Director holds 
directorships, indicating the category of directorship and membership of 
board committees, if any; 
(iii) the confirmation received from the Independent Director shall, along with 
the disclosures, also provide a confirmation that there are no other 
material reasons other than those provided; 
(iv) The confirmation as provided by the independent director above shall also 
be disclosed by the Company to the stock exchanges along with the 
detailed reasons as specified in sub-clause (i) and (ii) above. 

 
 
 
c) An Independent Director who resigns or is removed from the Board of the 
company shall be replaced by a new Independent Director within a period of not 
more than one hundred and eighty days from the date of such resignation or 
removal, as the case may be. 
 
d) Where the company fulfils the requirement of Independent Directors in its 
Board even without filling the vacancy created by such resignation or removal, 
as the case may be, the requirement of replacement by a new Independent 
Director shall not apply. 
 
e) The Company shall fill any vacancy, caused by an Independent Director resigning 
or being removed, within a period of three months from the date of such 
vacancy, if such vacancy causes the composition of the Board to fall short of the 
minimum requirement of independent directors. 
 
7. Separate meetings 
 
a) The Independent Directors of the Company shall hold at least one meeting in a 
year, without the attendance of non -independent directors and members of 
management; 
 
b) All the Independent Directors of the Company shall strive to be present at such 
meeting; 
 
c) The meeting shall: 
 
(i) review the performance of non-independent directors and the Board as a 
whole; 
 
(ii) review the performance of the chairperson of the Board, taking into 
account the views of executive directors and non-executive directors; 
 
(iii) assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between 
the Company management and the Board that is necessary for the Board 
to effectively and reasonably perform their duties. 
 
8. Evaluation mechanism 
 
a) The performance evaluation of Independent Directors shall be done by the 
entire Board, excluding the director being evaluated. 
 
b) On the basis of the report of performance evaluation, it shall be determined 
whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the Independent 
Director. 
 
V. Compliance 
 
The Board and the Senior Management shall affirm compliance with this Code on an annual 
basis, within 30 days of close of every financial year to the Compliance Officer, in the form 
annexed hereto as Annexure I. The annual report of the Company shall contain a declaration to 
this effect signed by the Managing Director of the Company. 

 
 
W. Violation of the Code 
 
1. The Board has the power to take appropriate action against anyone or more found violating the 
provisions of this Code. 
 
2. In case of violation of this Code by the Senior Management, the same shall be dealt by managing 
Director in accordance with the violation of the Code. 
 
3. Where the Company has suffered a loss due to such violation, it may pursue remedies against 
the individual. 
 
X. Disclosure 
 
In compliance with Regulation 46 (2)(d) of the Listing Regulations , this Code and any 
amendments thereto shall be posted on the website of the Company. 
 
Y. Amendment, Modification and Waiver 
 
The Board is committed to continuously review and update the policies and procedures. 
Therefore, this Code may be amended, modified or waived as the Board may think appropriate 
from time to time. As a general policy, the Board will not grant waivers to the Code. This Code 
may, from time to time be extended to other senior officers of the Company, as the Board may 
think fit. 
 
********** 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
ANNEXURE I 
 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT FORM 
 
Code of Conduct for the Directors and the Senior Management 
 
To, 
The Board of Directors 
Topsun Energy Limited 
B - 101, GIDC Electronic Estate Sector - 25, 
Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India, 382028 
 
I ....................................do hereby solemnly affirm that I have received and read the Company’s Code of 
Conduct for the Directors and the Senior Management. I have understood all the provisions and policies 
contained in the Code and I agree to strictly adhere with the Code. 
 
Signature : ________________________ 
 
Name : ________________________ 
 
Designation : ________________________ 
 
Date : ________________________ 
 
Place : ________________________ 

 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE II 
 
ANNUAL COMPLIANCE REPORT* 
Code of Conduct for the Directors and the Senior Management 
 
To, 
The Board of Directors 
Topsun Energy Limited 
B - 101, GIDC Electronic Estate Sector - 25, 
Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India, 382028 
 
I ....................................do hereby solemnly affirm that to the best of my knowledge and belief I have 
complied with the provisions of the Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management of [●] during 
the financial year ended on March 31, _______. 
 
Signature : ________________________ 
 
Name : ________________________ 
 
Designation : ________________________ 
 
Date : ________________________ 
 
Place : ________________________ 
 
* To be submitted by 30th April each year. 
 
 
 
 
 
**********

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Internal_Procedures_and_Conduct_for_Prevention_of_Insider_Trading.pdf

1 
CODE OF INTERNAL PROCEDURES AND CONDUCT FOR PREVENTION OF INSIDER TRADING 
 
A. Preamble 
 
Topsun Energy Limited (the "Company") is committed to preserve confidentiality and 
preventing misuse of any Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (" UPSI"). The Company is 
further steadfast on adhering to all applicable laws and regulations set forth by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (" SEBI") or the Stock Exchanges with regard to prevention of 
insider trading. 
 
Trading based on insider information is not only illegal, but also destroys corporate credibility of 
the Company. The Company is staunch about ensuring transparency and fairness while dealing 
with all stakeholders of the Company in line with this code and the Code of Practice & 
Procedure for Fair Disclosure set out under Annexure I of this Code. This Policy will be applicable 
to an Insider as defined in the Clause C of this Code of Conduct. 
 
Accordingly, the Board of the Company on 01st April, 2025 has adopted the following Code of 
Internal Procedures and Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading ("Code"). 
 
B. Object 
 
To comply with the provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading), Regulations 2015 (" SEBI PIT Regulations"), the Company has formulated a code of 
internal procedures and conduct for prevention of insider trading. This Policy, made pursuant to 
Regulation 9 of the SEBI PIT Regulations, aims to define and establish rules and processes for the 
Company with respect to: 
 
a) Prohibiting insider trading of securities; 
 
b) Ensuring no violation of SEBI PIT Regulations and SEBI (Prohibition of Fraudulent and 
Unfair Trade Practices relating to the Securities Market) Regulations, 2003 ("SEBI PFUTP 
Regulations"). 
 
c) Preserving confidentiality of UPSI; and 
 
d) Adhering to SEBI’s applicable guidelines by all Connected Persons or deemed Connected 
Persons including directors, officers and Designated Persons for prevention of insider 
trading. 
 
The Policy shall come into force with effect from the date of listing of the equity shares of the 
Company on BSE Limited and / or National Stock Exchange of India Limited. 
 
C. Definitions and Interpretation 
 
In this Code, words and expressions shall have the meaning assigned to them below: 
 
"Act" shall mean the Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed 
thereunder, notified by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
Government of India, as amended from time to time; 
 
"Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company; 
 

 
 
2 
"Code" shall mean Code of Internal Procedures and Conduct for 
Prevention of Insider Trading adopted by the Company; 
 
"Company" shall mean Topsun Energy Limited; 
 
"Compliance Officer" Any senior officer, designated so and reporting to the 
Board of Directors or head of the organization in case 
Board is not there, who is financially literate and is 
capable of appreciating requirements for legal and 
regulatory compliance under these regulations and who 
shall be responsible for compliance of policies, 
procedures, maintenance of records, monitoring 
adherence to the rules for the preservation of UPSI, 
monitoring of trades and the implementation of the 
codes specified in these regulations under the overall 
supervision of the Board of the Company or the head of 
an organization, as the case may be, in compliance with 
the provisions of the SEBI PIT Regulations; 
 
"Connected Person" As defined under Clause 2(d) of the SEBI PIT Regulations, 
a Connected Person shall mean: 
 
(i) any person who is or has, during the six months 
prior to the concerned act been associated with 
the Company, directly or indirectly, in any capacity 
including by reason of frequent communication 
with its officers or by being in any contractual, 
fiduciary or employment relationship or by being a 
director, officer or an employee of the Company 
or holds any position including a professional or 
business relationship between himself and the 
Company whether temporary or permanent, that 
allows such person, directly or indirectly, access to 
UPSI or is reasonably expected to allow such 
access; 
 
(ii) Without prejudice to the generality of the 
foregoing, the persons falling within the following 
categories shall be deemed to be Connected 
Persons unless the contrary is established: 
a) an immediate relative of Connected Persons 
specified in clause (i); or 
b) a holding company or associate company or 
subsidiary company; or 
c) an intermediary as specified in Section 12 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board Act, 1992, as 
amended, or an employee or director thereof; or 
d) an investment company, trustee company, asset 
management company or an employee or 
director thereof; or 
e) an official of a stock exchange or of clearing 
house or corporation; or 

 
 
3 
f) a member of board of trustees of a mutual fund 
or a member of the Board of Directors of the 
asset management company of a mutual fund or 
is an employee thereof; or 
g) a member of the Board of Directors or an 
employee, of a public financial institution as 
defined in section 2(72) of the Act; or 
h) an official or an employee of a self -regulatory 
organization recognized or authorized by SEBI; 
or 
i) a banker of the Company; or 
j) a concern, firm, trust, Hindu Undivided Family, 
company or association of persons wherein a 
director of the Company or his immediate 
relative or banker of the Company, has more 
than ten per cent, of the holding or interest; 
 
"Designated Person" shall mean a person occupying any of the following 
position in the company: 
(i) Promoters and promoter group of the Company; 
(ii) All Directors on the Board; 
(iii) All Key Managerial Personnel; 
(iv) All Senior Managerial Personnel; 
(v) All Vice President & above; 
(vi) All Employees (above manager grade) in the 
Finance & Accounts, Legal, Secretarial & 
Compliance, Investor Relations, Communications 
and Media Communications departments; 
(vii) All employees who are attached to 
Directors/MD/CEO’s Office; 
(viii) Internal Auditors, Statutory Auditors, Secretarial 
Auditors, Consultants and Advisors of the 
Company; 
(ix) Any other person who on the basis of their role 
and function in the Company, is reasonably 
expected to have access to UPSI(s) relating to the 
Company, as may be decided by the Chairman / 
Managing Director / Whole -Time Director / Joint 
Managing Director / Compliance Officer, from 
time to time; 
 
"Dealing in Securities" shall mean an act of subscribing to, buying, selling or 
agreeing to subscribe to, buy, sell or deal in the 
securities of the Company either as principal or agent 
but shall not include a gift of securities to immediate 
relatives or within the promoter group; 
 
"Directors" shall mean all the members of the Board of Directors of 
the Company, including the Independent Directors; 
 
"Generally Available Information" shall mean information that is accessible to the public on 
a non-discriminatory basis; 

 
 
4 
 
"Insider" As defined under Clause 2 (g) of the SEBI PIT 
Regulations, shall mean any person who is a Connected 
Person; or in possession of or having access to UPSI; 
 
"Insider Trading" shall mean actions where insiders use UPSI to arrive at 
securities trading/dealing (including buying as well as 
selling) decisions; 
 
"Immediate relative" shall mean a spouse of a person and includes parent, 
sibling and child of such person or of the spouse, any of 
whom is either dependent financially on such person or 
consults such person in taking decisions relating to 
trading in securities; 
 
"Need-to-Know" shall mean that the UPSI should be disclosed only to 
those within the Company who need the information to 
discharge their duty and whose possession of such 
information will not give rise to a conflict of interest or 
appearance of misuse of the information; 
 
"Promoter" shall have the meaning assigned to it under the SEBI 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018 or any modification thereof; 
 
"SEBI" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Board of India; 
 
"SEBI PFUTP Regulations" shall mean the SEBI (Prohibition of Fraudulent and 
Unfair Trade Practices relating to the Securities Market) 
Regulations, 2003 and any amendments thereto. 
 
"SEBI PIT Regulations" shall mean the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015 and any amendments thereto; 
 
"Security" shall have the meaning assigned to it under the 
Securities Contracts (Regulations) Act, 1956 or any 
modification thereof except units of a mutual fund; 
 
"Stock Exchange" shall mean the BSE Limited, National Stock Exchange of 
India and any other stock exchange which is recognized 
by the Central Government or SEBI under the Securities 
Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and any amendments 
thereto; 
 
"Specified" means specified by SEBI in writing; 
 
"Takeover Regulations" means SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 and any amendments 
thereto; 
 
"Trading" means and includes subscribing, buying, selling, dealing, 
or agreeing to subscribe, buy, sell, deal in any securities, 

 
 
5 
and “trade” shall be construed accordingly but shall not 
include a gift of shares to immediate relatives or within 
the promoter group; 
 
"Trading Day" means a day on which recognized Sock Exchanges are 
open for Trading; 
 
"Trading Window" means a trading period for Trading in Company’s 
Securities as specified by the Company from time to 
time; 
 
"Unpublished Price Sensitive 
 Information"/ "UPSI" means any information, relating to a company or its 
securities, directly or indirectly, that is not generally 
available which upon becoming generally available, is 
likely to materially affect the price of the securities and 
shall, ordinarily including but not restricted to, 
information relating to following: 
(i) Financial Results; 
(ii) Dividends; 
(iii) Change in capital structure; 
(iv) Mergers, de -mergers, acquisitions, delisting, 
disposals and expansion of business and such 
other transactions; and 
(v) Changes in Key Managerial Personnel. 
 
D. Role of Compliance Officer 
 
1. The Compliance Officer shall report on Insider Trading to the Board of the Company and 
in particular, shall provide reports on matters relating to prevention of Insider trading as 
specified in the Policy to the chairman of the Audit Committee, if any, or to the 
chairman of the Board at such frequency as may be stipulated by the Board. 
 
2. The Compliance Officer shall assist all employees in addressing any clarifications 
regarding the Regulations and Company’s Code of Conduct. 
 
3. The duties of the Compliance Officer shall include the following: 
a) He/she shall be responsible for monitoring implementation of the Policy and 
procedures under the overall supervision of the Board; 
b) He/she shall maintain a record of Designated Persons and any changes made to 
the list of Designated Persons; 
c) He/she shall assist all the employees in addressing any clarification regarding 
the Policy and SEBI PIT Regulations; 
d) He/she may in consultation with the chairman and/or managing director and 
shall as directed by the Board, specify prohibited period from time to time and 
immediately make an announcement thereof; 
e) He/she shall ensure that prohibited period is intimated to all concerned before 
the commencement of the said period; 
f) He/she shall maintain records of all the declarations submitted in the 
appropriate form given by the Designated Persons; 
g) He/she shall monitor adherence to the rules for the preservation of unpublished 
price sensitive information by the Designated Persons; 

 
 
6 
h) He/she shall monitor trades and the implementation of this Code under the 
overall supervision of the Board; 
i) He/she shall inform all Stock Exchanges on which the securities of the Company 
are listed, the information received under as required and disclose to the 
extent, as required under rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India or the Stock Exchanges; 
j) He/she shall place details of the dealing in the securities by Designated Persons 
before the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer on quarterly basis and the 
accompanying documents that such persons had executed under the pre -
dealing procedure as mentioned in this Policy; 
k) He/she shall implement the punitive measures or disciplinary action prescribed 
for any violation or contravention of the Policy; 
l) He/she shall do all such things as provided in the SEBI PIT Regulations and as 
may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time. 
 
E. Preservation of "Price Sensitive Information" 
 
1. Insider Persons shall maintain the confidentiality of all UPSI. 
 
2. Such persons shall also not pass on such information to any person directly or indirectly 
by means such as making a recommendation for the purchase or sale of securities etc. 
 
3. All UPSI shall be handled within the Company on a Need -to-Know basis and no UPSI 
shall be communicated to any person except in furtherance of the Insider’s legitimate 
purposes, performance of duties or discharge of his/her legal obligations. 
 
4. UPSI may be communicated, provided, allowed access to or procured, in connection 
with a transaction which entails: 
a) an obligation to make an open offer under the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 
("Takeover Regulations ") where the Board of the Company is of informed 
opinion that the proposed transaction is in the best interests of the Company; 
or 
b) not attracting the obligation to make an open offer under the Takeover 
Regulations but where the Board of the Company is of informed opinion that 
the proposed transaction is in the best interests of the Company and the 
information that constitute UPSI is disseminated to be made generally available 
at least two trading days prior to the proposed transaction being affected in 
such form as the Board may determine. 
 
However, the Board shall require the parties to execute agreements to contract 
confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations on the part of such parties and such parties 
shall keep information so received confidential, except for the limited purpose and shall 
not otherwise trade in securities of the Company when in possession of UPSI. 
 
F. Communication or procurement of UPSI 
 
1. No Insider shall communicate, provide, or allow access to any UPSI, relating to the 
Company or securities listed or proposed to be listed, to any person including other 
Insiders except where such communication is in furtherance of legitimate purposes, 
performance of duties or discharge of legal obligations. 
 

 
 
7 
2. No person shall procure from or cause the communication by any Insider of UPSI, 
relating to the Company or securities listed or proposed to be listed, except in 
furtherance of legitimate purposes, performance of duties or discharge of legal 
obligations. 
 
3. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, UPSI may be communicated, provided, 
allowed access to or procured, in connection with a transaction pursuant to Regulation 
3 of the SEBI PIT Regulations. 
 
G. Trading when in possession of UPSI 
 
No Insider shall trade in the equity shares of the Company when in possession of UPSI except as 
allowed under the Regulation 4(1) of the SEBI PIT Regulations. 
 
H. Prohibition of certain dealings in securities 
 
1. No person shall directly or indirectly: 
a) buy, sell or otherwise deal in securities in a fraudulent manner; 
b) use or employ, in connection with issue, purchase or sale of any security listed 
or proposed to be listed in a recognized stock exchange, any manipulative or 
deceptive device or contrivance in contravention of the provisions of the Act or 
the rules or the regulations made there under; 
c) employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud in connection with dealing in 
or issue of securities which are listed or proposed to be listed on a recognized 
stock exchange; 
d) engage in any act, practice, course of business which operates or would operate 
as fraud or deceit upon any person in connection with any dealing in or issue of 
securities which are listed or proposed to be listed on a recognized stock 
exchange in contravention of the provisions of the Act or the rules and the 
regulations made there under. 
 
I. Prohibition of manipulative, fraudulent and unfair trade practices 
 
1. Without prejudice to the provisions of Clause H of this Code, no person shall indulge in a 
fraudulent or an unfair trade practice in securities. 
 
2. Dealing in securities shall be deemed to be a fraudulent or an unfair trade practice if it 
involves fraud and may include all or any of the following, namely: 
a) indulging in an act which creates false or misleading appearance of trading in 
the securities market; 
b) dealing in a security not intended to effect transfer of beneficial ownership but 
intended to operate only as a device to inflate, depress or cause fluctuations in 
the price of such security for wrongful gain or avoidance of loss; 
c) inducing any person to subscribe to an issue of the securities for fraudulently 
securing the minimum subscription to such issue of securities, by advancing or 
agreeing to advance any money to any other person or through any other 
means; 
d) inducing any person for dealing in any securities for artificially inflating, 
depressing, maintaining or causing fluctuation in the price of securities through 
any means including by paying, offering or agreeing to pay or offer any money 
or money's worth, directly or indirectly, to any person; 
e) any act or omission amounting to manipulation of the price of a security 

 
 
8 
including, influencing or manipulating the reference price or bench mark price 
of any securities; 
f) knowingly publishing or causing to publish or reporting or causing to report by a 
person dealing in securities any information relating to securities, including 
financial results, financial statements, mergers and acquisitions, regulatory 
approvals, which is not true or which he does not believe to be true prior to or 
in the course of dealing in securities; 
g) entering into a transaction in securities without intention of performing it or 
without intention of change of ownership of such security; 
h) selling, dealing or pledging of stolen or counterfeit or fraudulently issued 
security whether in physical or dematerialized form: 
Provided that if: 
a. the person selling, dealing in or pledging stolen, counterfeit or fraudulently 
issued securities was a holder in due course; or 
b. the stolen, counterfeit or fraudulently issued securities were previously 
traded on the market through a bonafide transaction; 
c. such selling, dealing or pledging of stolen, counterfeit or fraudulently 
issued securities shall not be considered as a manipulative, fraudulent, or 
unfair trade practice. 
i) disseminating information or advice through any media, whether physical or 
digital, which the disseminator knows to be false or misleading and which is 
designed or likely to influence the decision of investors dealing in securities; 
j) a market participant entering into transactions on behalf of client without the 
knowledge of or instructions from client or misutilizing or diverting the funds or 
securities of the client held in fiduciary capacity; 
k) circular transactions in respect of a security entered into between 
intermediaries in order to increase commission to provide a false appearance of 
trading in such security or to inflate, depress or cause fluctuations in the price of 
such security; 
l) fraudulent inducement of any person by a market participant to deal in 
securities with the objective of enhancing his brokerage or commission or 
income; 
m) an intermediary predating or otherwise falsifying records including contract 
notes, client instructions, balance of securities statement, client account 
statements; 
n) any order in securities placed by a person, while directly or indirectly in 
possession of information that is not publically available, regarding a substantial 
impending transaction in those securities , its underlying securities or its 
derivative; 
o) knowingly planting false or misleading news which may induce sale or purchase 
of securities. 
p) mis-selling of securities or services relating to securities market; 
 
Explanation - "mis-selling" means sale of securities or services relating to 
securities market by any person, directly or indirectly, by─ 
- knowingly making a false or misleading statement, or 
- knowingly concealing or omitting material facts, or 
- knowingly concealing the associated risk factors, or 
- not taking reasonable care to ensure suitability of the securities or service to the 
buyer. 
 
q) illegal mobilization of funds by sponsoring or causing to be sponsored or carrying 

 
 
9 
on or causing to be carried on any collective investment scheme by any person: 
Explanation - for the removal of doubts, it is clarified that the acts or omissions 
listed herein are not exhaustive and that an act or omission is prohibited if it falls 
within the purview of above para (B) (Regulation 3 of SEBI PFUTP Regulations), 
notwithstanding that it is not included herein or is described as being committed 
only by a certain category of persons herein. 
 
J. Prohibition on dealing, communication or counseling on matters relating to insider trading 
 
1. No insider when in possession of unpublished price sensitive information shall: 
a) either on his behalf, or on behalf of any other person, deal in securities on the 
company; or 
b) communicate or counsel directly or indirectly, any unpublished information 
to/from any person. 
 
K. Restrictions and procedures for directors, officers and designated persons while dealing in 
securities of the Company 
 
Designated Persons may deal in Securities subject to compliance with the SEBI PFUT 
Regulations, SEBI PIT Regulations and this Policy. 
 
1. Prohibition in dealing in securities other than during a valid trading window: 
 
All Designated Persons shall conduct all their dealings in the securities of the Company 
only in a valid trading window within the threshold limit prescribed hereunder and shall 
not deal in any transactions involving the purchase or sale of the Company's securities 
during the period when the trading window is closed. 
 
2. Valid trading window for dealing in securities of the company: 
 
a) The Compliance Officer shall notify a ‘trading window’ during which the 
Designated Persons may trade in the Company’s securities after securing pre -
clearance from the Compliance Officer in accordance with this Policy; 
b) Designated Persons and their immediate relatives shall not trade in the 
Company’s securities when the trading window is closed. However, eligible 
employees of the company may exercise employee stock options when the 
trading window is closed; 
c) Additionally, the trading window shall be closed in particular for a Designated 
Person or class of Designated Persons when the Compliance Officer determines 
that a Designated Person or class of Designated Persons can reasonably be 
expected to have possession of UPSI, for such periods as determined by the 
Compliance Officer. Designated Person or class of Designated Persons will 
receive a notification on such special blackout periods. 
d) Prohibited period means: 
- The period beginning with the day when the intimation of the Board/ 
Committee meeting is given to the Stock Exchanges to consider any price 
sensitive information and in any event shall not be earlier than 48 hours 
after the time the Unpublished Price Sensitive Information is made public; 
and 
- Such other period as may be specified by the Compliance Officer from 
time to time in consultation with the Chairman and/or Managing Director. 
 

 
 
10 
L. Procedures for dealing in the securities of the company 
 
1. Pre-Clearance of Trading in Securities of the Company: 
 
All Designated Persons who intend to deal in securities of the Company in their own 
name or in the name of their dependent family members (above the minimum 
Threshold Limit), shall obtain pre -clearance of the transactions as per the pre -dealing 
procedure as described hereunder. However, no Designated Person shall apply for pre-
clearance of any proposed trade if such person is in possession of UPSI even if the 
trading window is not closed. 
 
2. Procedure for Pre-clearance of Trade 
 
a) An application for pre -clearance of trade shall be made in specified format to 
the Compliance Officer, as provided under ‘Form E'. 
b) An undertaking in ‘Form F’ shall be executed in favour of the Company by such 
persons incorporating, inter-alia, the following clauses, as may be applicable: 
- Designated Person does not have any access or has not received 
‘Unpublished Price Sensitive Information’; 
- He/she has access to or receives "Price Sensitive Information" after the 
signing of the undertaking but before the execution of the transaction, 
he/she shall inform the Compliance Officer of the change in his position 
and that he/she would completely refrain from dealing in the securities of 
the Company till the time such information becomes public; 
- That he or she has not contravened the Policy as notified by the Company 
from time to time; and 
- That he or she has made a full and true disclosure in the matter. 
c) The Compliance Officer shall consider the application made as above and shall 
issue the order as specified. 
 
3. Threshold limit 
 
The pre-clearance shall not be necessary, if the aggregate trade value of shares to be 
traded in a quarter in one or more transactions does not exceed Rs. 10,00,000/ - (Ten 
Lacs). 
 
4. Validity of Pre-clearance period 
 
Designated Persons shall execute their order in respect of securities of the Company 
within Seven Trading Days after the approval of pre -clearance is given and shall file 
within two trading days of execution of the trade, the details of such trade, with the 
Compliance Officer. If the order is not executed within the time specified, he/she shall 
obtain pre-clearance again. 
 
5. Restricted Period 
 
All Designated Persons who buy or sell Securities shall not enter into an opposite 
transaction i.e., sell or buy during next six month following the prior transaction 
("Restricted Period"). All Designated Persons shall also not take positions in derivate 
transaction in the Securities at any time. In case of any contra trade being executed, 
inadvertently or otherwise, in violation of such a restriction the profits from such trade 
shall be liable to be disgorged for remittance to the Board for credit to the Investor 
Protection and Education Fund administered by SEBI under the Act. 

 
 
11 
M. Trading Plans 
 
1. An insider shall be entitled to formulate a trading plan and present it to the compliance 
officer for approval in ‘ Form G’ and public disclosure pursuant to which trades may be 
carried out on his behalf in accordance with such plan. 
 
2. Trading Plan shall: 
a) not entail commencement of trading on behalf of the Insider earlier than six 
months from the public disclosure of the Plan. 
b) not entail trading for the period between twentieth trading day prior to the last 
day of any financial period for which results are required to be announced by 
the Company of the securities and the second trading day after the disclosure of 
such financial results; 
c) entail trading for a period of not less than twelve months; 
d) not entail overlap of any period for which another trading plan is already in 
existence; 
e) set out either the value of trades to be affected or the number of securities to 
be traded along with the nature of the trade and the intervals at, or dates on 
which such trades shall be affected; 
f) not entail trading in securities for market abuse. 
 
3. The compliance officer shall review the trading plan to assess whether the plan would 
have any potential for violation of these regulations and shall be entitled to seek such 
express undertakings as may be necessary to enable such assessment and to approve 
and monitor the implementation of the plan. 
 
Pre-clearance of trades shall not be required for a trade executed as per an approved 
trading plan and that trading window norms and restrictions on contra trade shall not 
be applicable for trades carried out in accordance with an approved trading plan. 
 
4. The trading plan once approved shall be irrevocable and the insider shall mandatorily 
have to implement the plan, without being entitled to either deviate from it or to 
execute any trade in the securities outside the scope of the trading plan. 
 
However, the implementation of the trading plan shall not be commenced if any UPSI in 
possession of the insider at the time of formulation of the plan has not become 
generally available at the time of the commencement of implementation and in such 
event the commencement of the plan shall be deferred until such UPSI becomes 
Generally Available Information. 
 
5. Upon approval of the trading plan, the compliance officer shall notify the plan to the 
stock exchanges on which the securities are listed. 
 
N. Disclosures of trading by Insiders 
 
1. General Provisions: 
 
a) Every public disclosure herein shall be made in such form as may be specified. 
 
b) The disclosures to be made by any person under this Part shall include those 
relating to Trading by such person’s immediate relatives, and by any other 
person for whom such person takes Trading decisions. 

 
 
12 
 
c) The disclosures of Trading in securities shall also include Trading in derivatives 
of securities and the traded value of the derivatives shall be taken into account 
for purposes of set-out herein. Provided that Trading in derivatives of securities 
is permitted by any law for the time being in force. 
 
d) The disclosures made under this part shall be maintained by the Company, for a 
minimum period of five years, in such form as may be specified. 
 
2. Disclosures by certain persons: 
 
a) Initial Disclosures: Every person on appointment as key managerial personnel or 
a director of the company or upon becoming a promoter or member of the 
promoter group shall disclose his holding of securities of the company as on the 
date of appointment or becoming a promoter, to the company in ‘Form B’ within 
seven days of such appointment or becoming a promoter. 
 
b) Continual Disclosures : Every promoter, member of the promoter group, 
designated person and director of every company shall disclose to the company 
in ‘ Form C ’ the number of such securities acquired or disposed of within two 
trading days of such transaction if the value of the securities traded, whether in 
one transaction or a series of transactions over any calendar quarter, aggregates 
to a traded value in excess of ten lakh rupees or such other value as may be 
specified. 
 
3. Disclosure by the Company 
 
a) The Company shall notify the particulars of such trading to the stock exchange 
on which the securities are listed within two trading days of receipt of the 
disclosure or from becoming aware of such information. 
 
b) However, the disclosure of the incremental transactions after any disclosure by 
the Company, shall be made when the transactions effected after the prior 
disclosure cross the threshold specified above. 
 
4. Disclosures by other Connected Persons. Any company whose securities are listed on a 
stock exchange may, at its discretion require any other connected person or class of 
connected persons to make disclosures of holdings and trading in securities of the 
company in ’ Form D’ and at such frequency as may be determined by the company in 
order to monitor compliance with the SEBI PIT Regulations. 
 
5. Trading in derivatives. If trading in derivatives of the Company’s securities is permitted 
by any law for the time being in force, the disclosures of trading in securities shall also 
include trading in derivatives of securities of the Company and the traded value of the 
derivatives shall be taken into account for purposes of this Clause. 
 
O. Penalty for contravention of the Policy 
 
Every Employee and Designated Person shall be individually responsible for complying with the 
applicable provisions of this Policy (including to the extent the provisions hereof are applicable 
to their immediate relatives). 
 

 
 
13 
a) The persons who violate this Policy shall, in addition to any other penal action that may 
be taken by the Company pursuant to law, also be subject to disciplinary action which in 
respect of an employee may include wage freeze, suspension or termination of 
employment. 
 
b) Action taken by the Company for violation of the Policy against any person will not 
preclude SEBI from taking any action for violation of the Regulations or any other 
applicable laws/rules/regulations. 
 
c) In case it is observed by the Compliance Officer that there has been a violation of the 
Policy by any person, he/she shall forthwith inform the Compensation Committee of the 
Company about the violation. The penal action will be initiated on obtaining suitable 
directions from the Compensation Committee. 
 
The Compliance Officer shall simultaneously inform SEBI about such violation. The person, 
against whom information has been furnished by the Company/Compliance Officer to SEBI for 
violations of the Policy, shall provide all information and render necessary co -operation as may 
be required by the Company/Compliance Officer or SEBI in this connection. 
********** 

 
 
14 
FORM "B" 
 
SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 
[Regulation 7 (1) (b) read with Regulation 6(2) – Disclosure on becoming a Key Managerial 
Personnel/Director/ /Promoter/Member of the promoter group] 
 
Name of the company: Topsun Energy Limited 
ISIN of the company: ________________________________ 
 
Details of Securities held on appointment of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) or Director or upon 
becoming a Promoter or member of the promoter group of a listed company and immediate 
relatives of such persons and by other such persons as mentioned in Regulation 6(2). 
 
Name, PAN, Category of Date of 
Securities held at the time of 
appointment of KMP / Director /Or 
upon % of 
CIN/DIN & Person appointment of becoming Shareholding 
Address with ( KMP/ Director / Promoter/ 
contact nos. KMP / OR Date of 
member of the 
promoter group 
 
Directors/ 
Promoters/ 
member of the 
promoter group/ 
imm becoming 
 ediate relative 
Promoter / 
member of the 
promoter group Type of security No. 
 to/others etc.) (For eg. – Shares, 
 Warrants, 
 Convertible 
 
Debentures, Rights 
entitlements, etc.) 
 
Note: "Securities" shall have the meaning as defined under regulation 2(1)(i) of SEBI (Prohibition of 
Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Details of Open Interest (OI) in derivatives on the securities of the company held on appointment of 
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) or Director or upon becoming a Promoter or member of promoter 
group of a listed company and immediate relatives of such persons and by other such persons as 
mentioned in Regulation 6 (2) 
 
Open Interest of the Future contracts held at the time of 
appointment of Director/KMP or upon becoming Promoter / 
member of the promoter group 
Open Interest of the Option contracts held at the 
time of appointment of Director/KMP or upon 
becoming promoter / member of the promoter group 
Contract 
Specification 
Number of units 
(contracts *lot 
size) 
Notional value in 
Rupees terms 
Contract 
Specification 
Number of units 
(contracts *lot 
size) 
Notional value in 
Rupees terms 
 
Note: In case of Options, notional value shall be calculated based on premium plus strike price of options 
 
Name & Signature: 
Designation: 
Date: 
Place: 

 
 
 
CODE OF INTERNAL PROCEDURES AND CONDUCT FOR PREVENTION OF INSIDER TRADING 
 
15 
FORM C 
 
SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 
[Regulation 7 (2) read with Regulation 6(2) & – Continual disclosures] 
 
Name of the company: ________________________________ 
 
ISIN of the company: ________________________________ 
 
Details of change in holding of Securities of Promoter/ members of the promoter group/ Designated Person/ Director of a liste d company and immediate 
relatives of such persons and other such persons as mentioned in Regulation 6(2) 
 
Name, 
PAN, 
CIN/ 
DIN, & 
address 
with 
contact 
nos. 
Category of 
Person 
(Promoter/ 
Promoter 
Group/ 
Designated 
Person/ 
Director / 
immediate 
relative 
to/others 
etc. 
Securities held prior to 
acquisitions/ disposal 
Securities acquired /Disposed Securities Held post 
acquisitions/ disposal 
Date of 
allotment 
advice/ 
acquisition of 
shares/ sale 
of shares 
specify 
Date of 
intimation 
to company 
Mode of 
acquisition/ 
disposal (on 
market/ 
public/ 
rights/ 
preferential 
offer/ off 
market/ 
Inter-se 
transfer, 
ESOPs etc.) 
Excha
nge on 
which 
the 
trade 
was 
execut
ed 
Type of 
security 
(for eg. 
Shares, 
Warrants, 
Convertibl
e 
Debentur
e etc.) 
No. and % of 
such 
Shareholding 
Type of 
security (for 
eg. Shares, 
Warrants, 
Convertible 
Debenture 
etc.) 
No. Value Transac
tion 
Type 
(Buy/ 
Sale/ 
Pledge / 
Revoke 
/ Invoke 
Type of 
security (for 
eg. Shares, 
Warrants, 
Convertible 
Debenture 
etc.) 
No. and % of 
such 
Shareholding 
From To 
 
Note: "Securities" shall have the meaning as defined under regulation 2(1)(i) of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 

 
 
 
CODE OF INTERNAL PROCEDURES AND CONDUCT FOR PREVENTION OF INSIDER TRADING 
 
16 
 Value of transaction excludes taxes/brokerage/any other charges 
 
Details of trading in derivatives on the securities of the company by Promoter, member of the promoter group, designated pers on or Director of a 
listed company and immediate relative of such persons and other such persons as mentioned in Regulation 6(2). 
 
Trading in derivatives (Specify type of contract, Futures or Options etc.) Exchange on which the 
trade was executed 
Types of 
Contract 
Contract 
Specifications 
Buy Sell 
Notional Value Number of units 
(contract*lot size) 
Notional 
Value 
Number of units 
(contract *lot size) 
 
Note: In case of options, notional value shall be calculated based on Premium plus strike price of options. 
 
Name & Signature: 
Designation: 
Date: 
Place: 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
CODE OF INTERNAL PROCEDURES AND CONDUCT FOR PREVENTION OF INSIDER TRADING 
 
17 
FORM D (Indicative format) 
 
 
SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 
 
Regulation 7(3) – Transactions by Other connected persons as identified by the Company 
 
Details of Trading in securities by other Connected Persons as identified by the Company 
 
Name, 
PAN, 
CIN/ 
DIN, & 
address 
with 
contact 
nos. of 
other 
connect
ed 
persons 
as 
identifie
d by the 
compan
y 
Connection 
with Company 
Securities held 
prior to 
acquisitions/ 
disposal 
Securities acquired /Disposed Securities Held post 
acquisitions/ disposal 
Date of 
allotment 
advice/ 
acquisition 
of shares/ 
disposal of 
shares 
specify 
Date of 
intimation 
to company 
Mode of 
acquisition/ 
disposal (on 
market/ 
public/ 
rights/ 
preferential 
offer/ off 
market/ 
Inter-se 
transfer, 
ESOPs etc.) 
Exchange 
on which 
the trade 
was 
executed 
Type of 
security 
(for eg. 
Shares, 
Warrants, 
Convertib
le 
Debentur
e, Rights 
entitleme
nt, etc.) 
No. 
and % 
of 
such 
Share
holdin
g 
Type of 
security (for 
eg. Shares, 
Warrants, 
Convertible 
Debenture, 
Rights 
entitlement
, etc.) 
No. Value Transac
tion 
Type 
(Purcha
se/ 
Sale/ 
Pledge 
/ 
Revoka
tion / 
Invokat
ion / 
others 
please 
specify) 
Type of 
security 
(for eg. 
Shares, 
Warrants, 
Convertibl
e 
Debenture, 
Rights 
entitlemen
t etc.) 
No. and % 
of such 
Sharehold
ing 
from To 
 

 
 
 
CODE OF INTERNAL PROCEDURES AND CONDUCT FOR PREVENTION OF INSIDER TRADING 
 
18 
Note: “Securities” shall have the meaning as defined under regulation 2(1)(i) of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 
 Value of transaction excludes taxes/brokerage/any other charges 
 
Details of Trading in derivatives on the securities of the Company by other Connected Persons as identified by the company 
 
Trading in derivatives (Specify type of contract, Futures or Options etc) Exchange on which the 
trade was executed 
Types of 
Contract 
Contract 
Specifications 
Buy Sell 
Notional Value Number of units 
(contract*lot size) 
Notional 
Value 
Number of units 
(contract *lot size) 
 
Note: In case of options, notional value shall be calculated based on Premium plus strike price of options. 
 
 
Name & Signature: 
Designation: 
Date: 
Place: 
 
 

 
 
FORM "E" 
 
APPLICATION FOR PRE-CLEARANCE OF TRADING PLAN 
 
To, From: 
The Compliance Officer, Name: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Dear Sir, Date: ___________ 
 
Sub: Application for Pre-approval of Trading Plan 
 
I ________ hereby inform that, I have gone through the Code of Conduct for prevention of Insider 
Trading and I seek your pre approval of the trading plan which I will execute as per the details given 
hereunder within twelve months after expiry of six months from the date of this application, if pre -
approved by you. 
 
Name of Promoter / 
Director / KMP / 
Designated Employee / 
Company / Connected 
person 
Nature of 
Relationship 
No. of 
Shares 
held as on 
Date of 
this 
application 
No. of 
Shares to be 
purchased 
or disposed 
off. 
 
Probable 
period for 
purchase or 
disposal. 
Folio No,/ 
DP ID, if 
any 
 
 
 
 
I enclose the Undertaking as envisaged in the Internal Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading 
in the Listed/Proposed to be Listed Securities of the Company (Code)for your records. 
 
I confirm that, I have read the Code and I am not in possession of UPSI as defined in the Code. 
 
I further declare that, I will not deal in the equity shares of the Company during the closure of Trading 
Window as per the requirements of the Code. 
 
I assure that the above information and disclosures are complete and true in the matter. 
 
In light of the above, I request you to approve my above referred Trading Plan at the earliest. 
 
Signature_______________ 

 
 
FORM "F" 
 
UNDERTAKING FOR PRE-CLEARANCE OF TRADING PLAN 
 
 
This UNDERTAKING is executed for Trading in Securities of [●] by Mr/Ms. ____________________ S/o / 
W/o / D/o_____________ _______ residing at ____________________ (hereinafter referred to as 
employee/director), in favour of [●], a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 and 
having its registered office at [insert]. (Hereinafter referred to as the “Company”). 
 
WHEREAS the Company has, in terms of Regulatory requirements, put in place the Internal Code of 
Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading in the Listed/Proposed to be Listed Securities of the Company 
(Hereinafter referred to as the “Code”), 
 
AND WHEREAS, the Code provides that the Designated Person or Specified Person of the Company must 
comply with the pre-clearance procedure before dealing in any Securities of the Company. 
 
NOW THIS UNDERTAKING WITNESSETH AS UNDER: 
 
1. I, ____________________, holding a position / designation of ____________________ in the 
Company, as (Designated person / Specified Person) do hereby undertake to adhere to the 
terms, conditions and restrictions contained in the Code, as are currently in force. 
 
2. I understand that any misrepresentation and/or false undertaking given herein may attract 
penalties as laid down under the Code. 
 
3. That, I do not have access to, or have not had access to Unpublished Price Sensitive Information 
(UPSI) by virtue of my position or connection in the Company or otherwise, up to the time of 
signing this Undertaking. 
 
OR 
 
By virtue of my position in the Company I have access to Unpublished Price Sensitive 
Information (UPSI) or I may deemed to be perpetually in possession of UPSI. Hence, I have 
submitted a Trading Plan to you on ____________________. I am now proposing to trade in the 
Securities of the Company as per my application dated ____________________ in compliance of 
the Trading Plan. 
 
4. That, I shall obtain the pre-clearance of the Compliance Officer, before dealing in the Securities 
of the Company. 
 
5. That, I will only sell/purchase the Securities of the Company for the reasons as mentioned in the 
application and will not buy/sell the Securities of the Company during the period Trading 
Window is closed. 
 
6. That, in case I have access to or receive or am in possession of UPSI after the signing of the 
Undertaking but before the execution of the transaction, I shall inform the Compliance Officer. 
 
OR 
 
That I have access to and in possession of UPSI by virtue of my office as Director / 
KMP/Promoter or Member of Promoter group/ Connected Person/ Designated Person/Specified 

 
 
Person and that I would completely refrain from dealing in the Securities of the Company until 
48 hours after such information becomes public. 
 
7. That, I have not contravened the rules and other provisions contained in the Code currently in 
force. 
 
8. That, I have made full and true disclosure in the matter. 
 
9. That, I hereby indemnify the Company as below. 
 
(a) To hold the Company and the Compliance Officer faultless in the event of any 
investigation against me for insider trading by any regulatory authority. 
(b) To make good to the Company and the Compliance Officer all economic losses, fines or 
penalty if any, imposed on the Company as a result of any investigation by any 
regulatory authority / authorities into any of the transactions entered into by me in 
dealing with the Securities of the Company. 
(c) To compensate the Company and the Compliance Officer for and towards all legal 
expenses incurred in defending itself in such investigations, including advocates ’fees. 
 
10. That, I shall be liable for punitive action and/or Company imposed sanctions for contravention 
of the Code apart from any action that may be taken against me by any regulatory authorities if 
it is proved that I have violated the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,2015. 
 
11. That, I shall be bound by the Laws of India, in respect of this Undertaking and shall be subject to 
the jurisdiction of the Courts at Chennai only. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF THIS UNDERTAKING HAS BEEN EXECUTED ON THIS DATE 
___________________ OF ____________________ MONTH OF __________ YEAR, AT 
____________________. 
 
By ____________________ 
Name ____________________ 
Designation ____________________ 
 
 
Witness: 
 
1. By ____________________ 
Name ____________________ 
Designation ____________________ 
 
2. By ____________________ 
Name ____________________ 
Designation ____________________ 
 
(Note: Strike off whichever is not applicable) 

 
 
FORM "G" 
 
APPLICATION FOR PRE-APPROVAL OF TRADING PLAN 
 
To, From: 
The Compliance Officer, Name: 
[●] Date: 
[●] 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Application for Pre-approval of Trading Plan 
 
I ________ hereby inform that, I have gone through the Code of Conduct for prevention of Insider 
Trading and I seek your pre approval of the trading plan which I will execute as per the details given 
hereunder within twelve months after expiry of six months from the date of this application, if pre -
approved by you. 
 
Name of Promoter / 
Director / KMP / 
Designated Employee / 
Company / Connected 
person 
Nature of 
Relationship 
No. of 
Shares 
held as on 
Date of 
this 
application 
No. of 
Shares to be 
purchased 
or disposed 
off. 
 
Probable 
period for 
purchase or 
disposal. 
Folio No,/ 
DP ID, if 
any 
 
 
 
 
I also declare that, I am not in possession of UPSI as defined in the Code. I further declare that, I will not 
deal in the equity shares of the Company during the closure of Trading Window as per the requirements 
of the Code. 
 
I further undertake that this trading plan is in compliance with regulation 5 (2) of SEBI (Prohibition of 
Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 
 
I confirm that, the violation of any of the provisions of the Code would subject me to the penal 
provisions as per the Code. 
 
I assure that the above information and disclosures are complete and true in the matter. 
 
In light of the above, I request you to approve my above referred Trading Plan at the earliest. 
 
Signature_______________ 
 
 
 
 

 
 
ANNEXURE-I 
 
CODE OF PRACTICE & PROCEDURE FOR FAIR DISCLOSURE 
 
The code aims at prompt public disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (" UPSI") that 
would impact price discovery so as to make such information generally available. The disclosure shall be 
done no sooner than credible and concrete information comes into being. The code also covers the 
practices and procedures for fair disclosure of UPSI. 
 
1. Uniform and universal dissemination of UPSI shall be ensured to avoid selective disclosure. In 
case of selective dissemination of UPSI inadvertently or otherwise, it shall be ensured promptly 
to make such information generally available. 
 
2. The Company and Designated Persons shall maintain confidentiality of all UPSI shall 
communicate the same purely on need -to-know basis and shall not communicate to any 
unauthorized person or on selective basis. 
 
3. The Company shall promptly disclose UPSI once such credible and concrete information comes 
into being. 
 
4. The Company shall disclose UPSI by making its prompt disclosure with sufficient and 
unambiguous details to the stock exchange on which its securities are listed. The company shall 
also disclose UPSI on its website. 
 
5. In case the company finds that any UPSI has been disclosed selectively, inadvertently or 
otherwise, it shall promptly disclose and disseminate as soon as the circumstances permit such 
information to make it uniformly and non-discriminatorily available to the general public. 
 
6. The Company designates its ‘Company Secretary’ as its Chief Investor Relations Officer and 
entrusts him with the function of dissemination and disclosure of UPSI. Whenever Company 
Secretary is not available [ ●], chairman and managing director shall be the chief investor 
relations officer. 
 
7. The Company shall ensure that no UPSI is shared with the analysts and researchers on a 
selective basis. 
 
8. The Company shall ensure that its conferences with analysts and inve stors shall be open to 
participation by all analysts, shareholders and other investors. 
 
9. The Company shall make transcripts or records of proceedings of its meetings with 
analysts/investor conferences and make the same accessible to all by uploading them on its 
website.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Policy_for_Determination_of_Material_Events_and_Disclosure.pdf

POLICY FOR DETERMINATION OF MATERIAL EVENT AND DISCLOSURE 
 
A. Preamble 
 
The Policy is framed in accordance with the requirements of the Regulation 30 of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the 
"Listing Regulations "). The objective of the Policy is to determine materiality of events or 
information relating to the Company and to ensure that such information is adequately 
disseminated in pursuance of the Regulations and to provide an overall governance framework for 
such determination of materiality. 
 
Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company on 01st April, 2025 has adopted the policy for 
determination of materiality of event/disclosure ("Policy"). 
 
B. Objective and scope 
 
The objectives of this Policy are as follows: 
 
1. To ensure that the Company complies with the disclosure obligations to which it is subject to 
as a publicly -traded company as laid down by the Listing Regulation, various Securities Laws 
and any other legislations; 
 
2. To ensure that the information disclosed by the Company is adequate, timely and transparent; 
 
3. To ensure that all investors have equal access to important information that may affect their 
investment decisions; 
 
4. To protect the confidentiality of Material / Price sensitive information within the context of 
the Company’s disclosure obligations; 
 
5. To provide a framework that supports and fosters confidence in the quality and integrity of 
information released by the Company and avoiding establishment of false market in the 
securities of the Company; 
 
6. To ensure uniformity in the Company’s approach to disclosures, raise awareness and reduce 
the risk of selective disclosures; 
 
7. To determine the principles of materiality based on which the Company shall make disclosures 
of events or information. 
 
The information covered by this Policy shall include information related to the Company's 
business, operations, or performance which has a significant effect on securities investment 
decisions (" Material Information ") that the Company is required to disclose in a timely and 
appropriate manner by applying the guidelines for assessing materiality. The Board vide this Policy 
has attempted to prescribe guidance for deciding the magnitude of the materiality of events and 
information. 
 
C. Definitions 
 
"Act" shall mean the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules framed 
thereunder, including any modifications, amendments, 
clarifications, circulars or re-enactment thereof; 

 
 
"Board" shall mean Board of Directors of Topsun Energy Limited and 
shall include any Committee thereof authorised for the 
purpose; 
 
"Director" shall mean Directors of Topsun Energy Limited; 
 
"Circular" shall mean SEBI Circular no. CIR/CFD/CMD/4/2015 dated 
September 9, 2015; 
 
"Committee˘ shall mean any committee formed under the delegated 
authority of the Board; 
 
"Company" shall mean Topsun Energy Limited , incorporated under the 
Act. 
 
“Key Managerial Personnel” shall mean— 
a. the Chief Executive Officer or the Managing Director or 
the Manager 
b. the Company Secretary; 
c. the Whole-time Director; 
d. the Chief Financial Officer; 
e. such other officer, not more than one level below the 
directors who is in whole-time employment, designated 
as key managerial personnel by the Board; and 
f. such other officer as may be prescribed under the Act. 
“Material Event” or 
“Material Information” shall mean event or information as set out in the Schedule or 
as may be determined in terms of Clause E of the Policy. In 
the Policy, the words, “material” and “materiality” shall be 
construed accordingly 
 
“Net worth” shall mean the aggregate value of the paid -up share capital 
and all reserves created out of the profits, securities 
premium account and debit or credit balance of profit and 
loss account, after deducting the aggregate value of the 
accumulated losses, deferred expenditure and 
miscellaneous expenditure not written off, as per the 
audited balance sheet, but does not include reserves 
created out of revaluation of assets, write -back of 
depreciation and amalgamation. 
“Paid-up share capital” or 
“share capital paid-up” shall mean such aggregate amount of money credited as 
paid-up as is equivalent to the amount received as paid -up 
in respect of shares issued and also include any amount 
credited as paid -up in respect of shares of the Company, 
but does not include any other amount received in respect 
of such shares, by whatever name called; 
 
"Listing Regulations" shall mean SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015, including any 
modifications, amendments, clarifications, circulars or re -
enactment thereof; 

 
 
"SEBI Regulations" shall mean and would include all the acts, regulations, 
circular, notifications etc. issued by the Securities Exchange 
Board of India from time to time; 
 
"Schedule" shall mean the Schedule III of Listing Regulations. 
 
"Stock Exchange" shall mean a recognized stock exchange as defined under 
clause (f) of section 2 of the Securities Contracts 
(Regulation) Act, 1956 on which Equity shares of the 
Company are listed; 
 
"Subsidiary" shall mean a company shall be considered as Subsidiary if 
it falls within the criteria defined under Section 2(87) of 
the Act; 
 
"Turnover" as defined under Section 2(91) of the Act means the gross 
amount of revenue recognized in the profit and loss 
account from the sale, supply or distribution of goods or 
on account of services rendered, or both, by the company 
during a financial year. 
 
Words and expressions used and not defined in the Policy shall have the same meanings respectively 
assigned to them in the Act and / or Regulations. 
 
D. Authority to determine Materiality of Event 
 
1. The respective Head of the departments and functions (" Designated Officers ") who are 
responsible for relevant areas of the Company’s operations to which any item of information 
relates must report to the Chief Financial Officer (" CFO") of the Company any event / 
information which is material as defined in this policy or of which Designated Officer are unsure 
as to its materiality. The event / information should be reported immediately after a Designated 
Officer becomes aware of it. The Company Secretary of the Company shall always be marked on 
such communication. 
 
2. On receipt of a communication of a potential material event / information, the CFO will: 
 
a) Review the event / information and take necessary steps to verify its accuracy; 
b) Assess if the event / information is required to be disclosed to the Stock Exchanges under 
the Regulations under this policy. 
 
3. If the CFO is not certain about the materiality of any event / information, he may refer matter to 
the board or take external legal advice as directed by the board. 
 
4. CFO or Company Secretary shall thereafter make necessary disclosures to Stock Exchanges. 
 
E. Guidelines for determining Materiality of Events or Information 
 
1. Materiality will be determined on a case -to-case basis depending on nature of the events, 
specific facts, magnitude of likely impact in case such event is omitted to be disclosed, and the 
circumstances relating to the information or event. 
2. Certain information is Material Information as defined in the Regulations. An illustrative list of 
such Material Information is attached as Annexure I. 

 
 
3. Besides per se Material Information, materiality of an event / information must be subject to 
the following two criteria: 
 
a) Qualitative Criteria: Where the omission of the event/ information result in discontinuity/ 
alteration of information already available publicly or where the omission of the event / 
information can lead to creation of false market in the securities of the Company or any 
other event / information which should be treated as being material in the opinion of the 
Board of Directors of the Company. (Subjective test) 
 
b) Quantitative Criteria: Where the event results into change exceeding 10% of total revenue 
during the previous audited accounting year or exceeding 10% of the net worth, basis the 
accounts of the Company as on the last date of the previous accounting year. 
 
Where the event or information is likely to cause prices of the Company’s securities to fluctuate, as a 
result of such event or information, by 10% or more, such that persons who commonly invest in 
securities may be influenced in deciding whether to acquire or dispose of the Company’s securities and 
Where the event or information pertains to a matter which may cause the assets of the Company, 
amounting to 10% or more of such assets, to be deployed into an avenue other than the one where 
they are currently deployed. 
 
An illustrative list of such Material event/ information is attached as Annexure II. 
 
F. Disclosures of events and information 
 
1. The Policy sets forth the guidelines for disclosure of material events or information. 
 
a) Category A – Events or information . Events specified in Annexure A are deemed to be 
material events and the Company shall make disclosure of such events or information as 
soon as reasonably possible and not later than twenty-four (24) hours from the occurrence of 
such event or information in the following manner: 
(i) inform the stock exchanges on which the securities of the Company are listed; 
(ii) upload on the corporate website of the Company. 
 
Provided that in case the disclosure is made after twenty -four (24) hours of occurrence of 
such event or information, the Company shall along with such disclosure(s) provide an 
explanation for the delay. 
 
b) Category B - Events or information . The Company shall make the disclosure of 
events/information as specified in Annexure B based on application of guidelines for 
determining Materiality as per the Policy. 
 
2. Category B refers to such events or information which are proved to be material on the 
application of the materiality test. For determining materiality of events, the following criteria 
shall be applied: 
 
a) omission of which is likely to result in discontinuity or alteration of event or information 
already available publicly; 
b) omission of which is likely to result in significant market reaction if the said omission 
came to light at a later date; or 
c) which are in the opinion of Board of Directors or any Committee thereof or any other 
person authorized for the purpose considered to be material. 
 
 

 
 
 
3. Without prejudice to the generality of Annexure A and B, the Company may make disclosures of 
event/information as specified by SEBI from time to time such as SEBI Circular no. 
CIR/CFD/CMD/4/2015 dated September 9, 2015. 
 
4. All the above disclosures will be hosted on the website of the Company for a minimum period of 
five years and thereafter archived in accordance with the Company’s policy for Preservation and 
Archival of Documents. 
 
5. However, the list of events / information given in Annexure I & II are indicative and not 
exhaustive and the necessity or obligation to make the requisite disclosure depends upon 
magnitude of impact of such events or information and on the facts of each case. Any event or 
information which is considered material in accordance with the Policy shall also be disclosed 
even if it is not specially listed in Annexure I or Annexure II of the Policy. 
 
G. Communication and dissemination of the policy 
 
For communication and dissemination of the Policy to all the Directors and employees of the 
Company, a copy of this Policy shall be posted on the website of the Company. 
 
H. Policy review 
 
The Designated Officers may review the Policy from time to time. Material changes to the Policy 
will need the approval of the Board of Directors. 
 
I. Amendments 
 
1. The Board may subject to the applicable laws amend any provision(s) or substitute any 
of the provision(s) with new provision(s) or replace the Policy entirely with a new Policy. 
However, no such amendment or modification shall be inconsistent with the applicable 
provisions of any law for the time being in force. 
 
2. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the Policy and the Listing 
Regulation, the provisions of the Listing Regulation shall prevail. 
 
3. Any amendments to the Listing Regulation shall mutatis mutandis be deemed to have 
been incorporated in this Policy. 
 
J. GENERAL 
 
As per the provisions of the Listing Regulations the Policy shall be disclosed on the website of the 
Company. Further, the Company shall disclose on its website all such events or information which 
has been disclosed to stock exchange(s) under the Listing Regulations and such disclosures shall be 
made available on the website of the Company for a period of five years and thereafter as per the 
archival policy of the Company. 

 
 
ANNEXURE I 
 
Events or Information that are to be disclosed without application of Materiality Guidelines listed 
in the Policy 
 
1. Acquisition(s) (including agreement to acquire), Scheme of Arrangement (amalgamation/ 
merger/ demerger/restructuring), or sale or disposal of any unit(s), division(s) or subsidiary 
of the Company or any other restructuring; 
 
Explanation: 'Acquisition' shall mean: 
(i) acquiring control, whether directly or indirectly; or 
(ii) acquiring or agreeing to acquire shares or voting rights in, a company, whether 
directly or indirectly, such that: 
a) the Company holds shares or voting rights aggregating to five per cent or more of 
the shares or voting rights in the said company, or 
b) there has been a change in holding from the last disclosure and such change 
exceeds two per cent of the total shareholding or voting rights in the said 
company. 
2. Issuance or forfeiture of securities, split or consolidation of shares, buyback of securities, 
any restriction on transferability of securities or alteration in terms or structure of existing 
securities including forfeiture, reissue of forfeited securities, alteration of calls, redemption 
of securities etc. 
3. Revision in credit rating(s) 
4. Outcome of Meetings of the Board of Directors: The Company shall disclose to the 
Exchange(s), within 30 minutes of the closure of any meeting held to consider the 
following: 
a) dividends and/or cash bonuses recommended or declared or the decision to pass any 
dividend and the date on which dividend shall be paid/dispatched; 
b) any cancellation of a dividend with reasons thereof; 
c) the decision on buyback of securities; 
d) the decision with respect to fund raising proposed to be undertaken; 
e) increase in capital by issue of bonus shares through capitalization of reserves 
including the date on which such bonus shares shall be credited/dispatched; 
f) reissue of forfeited shares or securities, or the issue of shares or securities held in 
reserve for future issue or the creation in any form or manner of new shares or 
securities or any other rights, privileges or benefits which may be to subscribed to; 
g) short particulars of any other alterations of capital, including calls; 
h) financial results; 
i) decision on voluntary delisting by the Company from stock exchange(s). 
 
Provided that in case of board meetings being held for more than one day, the financial 
results shall be disclosed within thirty minutes of end of the meeting for the day on which 
it has been considered. 
5. Agreements (viz. shareholder agreement(s), joint venture agreement(s), family settlement 
agreement(s) (to the extent that it impacts management and control of the Company), 
agreement(s)/treaty(ies)/contract(s) with media companies) which are binding and not in 
normal course of business, revision(s) or amendment(s) and termination(s) thereof. 

 
 
6. Fraud/defaults by promoter or key managerial personnel or by the Company or arrest of 
key managerial personnel or promoter. 
7. Change in directors, key managerial personnel (Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer, 
Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary etc.), Auditor and Compliance Officer. 
8. In case of resignation of the auditor of the Company, detailed reasons for resignation of 
auditor, as given by the said auditor, shall be disclosed by the Company to the stock 
exchanges as soon as possible but not later than twenty -four hours of receipt of such 
reasons from the auditor. 
9. Resignation of independent director including reasons for resignation: 
 
In case of resignation of an independent director of the Company shall, within seven days 
from the date of resignation, disclosures the following to the stock exchanges: 
(i) the letter of resignation along with detailed reasons for the resignation as given by 
the Independent Director; 
(ii) names of listed entities in which the resigning Independent Director holds 
directorships, indicating the category of directorship and membership of board 
committees, if any; 
(iii) the confirmation received from the Independent Director shall, along with the 
disclosures, also provide a confirmation that there is no other material reasons 
other than those provided; 
(iv) The confirmation as provided by the independent director above shall also be 
disclosed by the Company to the stock exchanges along with the detailed reasons 
as specified in sub-clause (i) and (ii) above. 
10. Appointment or discontinuation of share transfer agent. 
11. Resolution plan/ Restructuring in relation to loans/borrowings from banks/financial 
institutions including the following details: 
 
(i) Decision to initiate resolution of loans/borrowings; 
(ii) Signing of Inter-Creditors Agreement ("ICA") by lenders; 
(iii) Finalization of Resolution Plan; 
(iv) Implementation of Resolution Plan; 
(v) Salient features, not involving commercial secrets, of the resolution/ restructuring 
plan as decided by lenders 
12. One-time settlement with a bank 
13. Reference to BIFR and winding-up petition filed by any party / creditors 
14. Issuance of Notices, call letters, resolutions and circulars sent to shareholders, debenture 
holders or creditors or any class of them or advertised in the media by the Company 
15. Proceedings of Annual and extraordinary general meetings of the Company 
16. Amendments to memorandum and articles of association of the Company, in brief. 
17. a) Schedule of analysts or institutional investors meet and presentations made by the 
Company to analysts or institutional investors. 

 
 
 
Explanation: For the purpose of this clause ‘meet’ shall mean group meetings or 
group conference calls conducted physically or through digital means. 
 
b) Audio or video recordings and transcripts of post earnings/quarterly calls, by 
whatever name called, conducted physically or through digital means, simultaneously 
with submission to the recognized stock exchange(s), in the following manner: 
(i) the presentation and the audio/video recordings shall be promptly made available 
on the website and in any case, before the next trading day or within twenty -
four hours from the conclusion of such calls, whichever is earlier; 
(ii) the transcripts of such calls shall be made available on the website within five 
working days of the conclusion of such calls: 
 
The requirement for disclosure(s) of audio/video recordings and transcript shall be 
voluntary with effect from April 01, 2021 and mandatory with effect from April 01, 2022. 
18. The following events in relation to the corporate insolvency resolution process (CIRP) of a 
listed corporate debtor under the Insolvency Code: 
a) Filing of application by the corporate applicant for initiation of CIRP, also specifying 
the amount of default; 
b) Filing of application by financial creditors for initiation of CIRP against the corporate 
debtor, also specifying the amount of default; 
c) Admission of application by the Tribunal, along with amount of default or rejection or 
withdrawal, as applicable; 
d) Public announcement made pursuant to order passed by the Tribunal under section 
13 of Insolvency Code; 
e) List of creditors as required to be displayed by the corporate debtor under regulation 
13(2)(c) of the IBBI (Insolvency Resolution Process for Corporate Persons) Regulations, 
2016; 
f) Appointment/ Replacement of the Resolution Professional; 
g) Prior or post-facto intimation of the meetings of Committee of Creditors; 
h) Brief particulars of invitation of resolution plans under section 25(2)(h) of Insolvency 
Code in the Form specified under regulation 36A(5) of the IBBI (Insolvency Resolution 
Process for Corporate Persons) Regulations, 2016; 
i) Number of resolution plans received by Resolution Professional; 
j) Filing of resolution plan with the Tribunal; 
k) Approval of resolution plan by the Tribunal or rejection, if applicable; 
l) Specific features and details of the resolution plan as approved by the Adjudicating 
Authority under the Insolvency Code, not involving commercial secrets, including 
details such as: 
(i) Pre and Post net-worth of the company; 
(ii) Details of assets of the company post CIRP; 
(iii) Details of securities continuing to be imposed on the companies’ assets; 
(iv) Other material liabilities imposed on the company; 
(v) Detailed pre and post shareholding pattern assuming 100% conversion of 
convertible securities; 
(vi) Details of funds infused in the company, creditors paid-off; 
(vii) Additional liability on the incoming investors due to the transaction, source 
of such funding etc.; 
(viii) Impact on the investor – revised P/E, RONW ratios etc.; 
(ix) Names of the new promoters, key managerial persons(s), if any and their 

 
 
past experience in the business or employment. In case where promoters 
are companies, history of such company and names of natural persons in 
control; 
(x) Brief description of business strategy. 
m) Any other Material Information not involving commercial secrets. 
n) Proposed steps to be taken by the incoming investor/acquirer for achieving the MPS; 
o) Quarterly disclosure of the status of achieving the MPS; 
p) The details as to the delisting plans, if any approved in the resolution plan. 
19. Initiation of Forensic audit: In case of initiation of forensic audit, (by whatever name 
called), the following disclosures shall be made to the stock exchanges by the Company: 
a) The fact of initiation of forensic audit along -with name of entity initiating the audit 
and reasons for the same, if available; 
b) Final forensic audit report (other than for forensic audit initiated by regulatory / 
enforcement agencies) on receipt by the Company along with comments of the 
management, if any. 
 

 
 
ANNEXURE II 
 
Events or information that are to be disclosed based on materiality Guidelines listed in the 
Policy 
 
1. Commencement or any postponement in the date of commencement of commercial 
production or commercial operations of any unit/division. 
2. Change in the general character or nature of business brought about by arrangements for 
strategic, technical, manufacturing, or marketing tie-up, adoption of new lines of business or 
closure of operations of any unit/division (entirety or piecemeal). 
3. Capacity addition or product launch. 
4. Awarding, bagging/ receiving, amendment or termination of awarded/bagged 
orders/contracts not in the normal course of business. 
5. Agreements (viz. loan agreement(s) (as a borrower) or any other agreement(s) which are 
binding and not in normal course of business) and revision(s) or amendment(s) or 
termination(s) thereof. 
6. Disruption of operations of any one or more units or division of the Company due to natural 
calamity (earthquake, flood, fire etc.), force majeure or events such as strikes, lockouts etc. 
7. Effect(s) arising out of change in the regulatory framework applicable to the Company. 
8. Litigation(s) / dispute(s) / regulatory action(s) with impact. 
9. Fraud/defaults etc. by directors (other than key managerial personnel) or employees of the 
Company. 
10. Options to purchase securities including any ESOP/ESPS Scheme. 
11. Giving of guarantees or indemnity or becoming a surety for any third party. 
12. Granting, withdrawal, surrender, cancellation or suspension of key licenses or regulatory 
approvals.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Familiarization_Program_for_Independent_Directors.pdf

FAMILIARIZATION PROGRAM FOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS 
 
A. Preamble 
 
Topsun Energy Limited (the "Company") emphasis on, appropriate induction for Independent 
Directors because they come with rich experience and background and multi -faceted experience. 
The Company believes that it is not only abide d by Schedule IV read with Clause 149(8) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the " Act") and Regulation 25 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the "Listing Regulations") but 
also enriches direction to be taken by directors. 
 
Accordingly, the Board on 01st April, 2025 h as adopted the Policy Familiarization Program for 
Independent Directors ("Policy"). 
 
B. Objective 
 
Familiarization program aides Independent Directors to be updated & refreshed on skills & 
knowledge, familiarity with the Company, its business and its model, familiarized with their duty, 
role and responsibility in discharging their fiduciary duties towards the company vis -à-vis to the 
shareholder and other stakeholders. 
 
The Policy provides the basic insights into the Company to enable the Independent Directors to 
understand the Company’s business in depth that would facilitate their active participation in 
managing the affairs of the Company. 
 
C. Definitions and Interpretation 
 
In this Policy, words and expressions shall have the meaning assigned to them below: 
 
"Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company; 
 
"Directors" shall mean all the members of the Board of Directors of the 
Company, including the Independent Directors; 
 
"Company" shall mean Topsun Energy Limited; 
 
"Independent Directors" shall mean the Director other than a managing director or a whole-
time director or a nominee director as more specifically set out 
under Section 149(6) of the Act , and shall also have the meaning 
ascribed to the term "Independent Director" under Regulation 
16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. 
 
D. Initiatives for induction on joining the Board of the Company 
 
A new Independent Director will be welcomed to the Board of the Company by sharing the following 
documents of the Company for references, namely, 
 
1. formal letter of appointment as Director of the Company; 
 
2. criteria of Independence applicable to Independent Directors as per Regulation 16 of the Listing 
Regulations and Section 149 of the Act; 
 

 
 
 
3. the Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management of the Company; 
 
4. the Code of Conduct for Internal Procedures and Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading of 
the Company; 
 
5. note on Directors’ roles, functions, duties, responsibilities and liabilities under the Act Listing 
Regulations; 
 
6. policy Handbook of the Company comprising of policies on various business aspects and 
practices; 
 
7. organizational chart of the Company and the profile of all the Directors and the Senior 
Managerial Personnel of the Company; 
 
8. list of contact details of the Directors, Senior Managerial Personnel and their personal / 
executive assistants; 
 
9. the Board evaluation process and procedures; 
 
10. the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; 
 
11. the annual reports of last three consecutive years of the Company; 
 
12. the publicity material of the Company that explains the range of products, services and solutions 
offered by the Company to its clients; and 
 
13. the meeting shall be arranged with the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer to discuss 
the functioning of the Board and the nature of Company’s business & operational activities. 
 
E. Details of familiarization program for Independent Directors: 
 
The Company has established an orientation process/familiarization program for a new Independent 
Directors that includes, 
 
1. briefing on their role, responsibilities, duties, and obligations as a member of the Board. 
 
2. nature of the industry in which the Company operates. 
 
3. nature of business and business model of the Company, Company’s strategic and operating 
plans. 
 
4. matters relating to corporate governance, code of business conduct, risk management, 
compliance programs, internal audit, etc. 
 
5. roles, rights, and responsibilities of the Independent Directors. 
 
As a process when a new Independent Director is appointed, a familiarization program as described 
above is conducted by the senior management team and also whenever a new member is appointed 
to a committee of the Board, information relevant to the functioning of the relevant committee and 
the role and responsibility of the committee members is informed. Each of the Independent 
Directors are required to attend such orientation process or familiarization program when they are 
inducted into the Board and these programs are generally spread over two days. 

 
 
F. Initiatives for familiarizing Independent Directors on continual basis 
 
1. Initiatives on continual basis refreshes the Independent Directors with their roles, rights and 
responsibilities. 
 
2. Periodical conduct of programs / presentations by the Company through the Board to 
familiarize the Independent Directors with the strategy, operations and functions of the 
Company, aims to open prospect for Independent Directors to: 
a) interact with the Senior Management of the Company; 
b) cognize with the Company’s strategy, business model, operations, service and product 
offerings; 
c) be updated on markets, organization structure, finance; 
d) be apprised on human resources, technology, quality, facilities, risk management and such 
other areas as may arise from time to time. 
 
3. The Directors shall get an opportunity to visit Company’s office, to enable them to have clear 
understanding on the activities of the Company and initiatives taken on safety, quality, 
sustainability etc. 
 
4. During various meeting of the Board during the year, presentations shall be made on concerns 
(if any) to be addressed about HSE (Health Safety and Environment) and sustainability, risk 
management, CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) activities, company policies, changes in the 
regulatory environment applicable to the corporate sector and to the industry in which the 
Company operates, business excellence with areas of improvement and other relevant issue. 
 
5. Quarterly presentations on business performance, operations, market share, financial 
parameters, working capital management, fund flows, senior management change, major 
litigation, compliances, subsidiary information, donations, regulatory scenario etc. 
 
6. Sharing quarterly results and press release of the Company to the Directors. 
 
G. Disclosures 
 
1. Under Regulation 46(2)(i) of the Listing Regulations, the Company shall periodically upload on its 
website and shall provide in the annual report the following information regarding the 
familiarization programs conducted for independent directors: 
a) number of programs attended by Independent Directors (during the year and on a 
cumulative basis till the date of disclosure); 
b) number of hours spent by Independent Directors in familiarization programs (during the 
year and on cumulative basis till date); and 
c) other relevant details regarding the familiarization programs. 
 
2. Familiarization program will be conducted on an "as needed" basis throughout the year. 
 
H. Amendments and review 
 
This document will be reviewed and amended by the Board as and when deemed appropriate. 
 
I. Effective date 
 
This Policy shall come into effective from the date of adoption by the Board. 
 
**********

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Nomination_and_Remuneration_Policy.pdf

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY 
A. Preamble 
 
As per Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 read along with applicable rules thereto (the 
"Act"), and Regulation 19 read with Part D of Schedule II of Securities Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended (" Listing 
Regulations"). 
 
As per the provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulation, the nomination and remuneration 
committee of the Board shall lay appropriate criteria for selection of Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel and Senior Management and formulate appropriate policy for payment of equitable 
remuneration to them. 
 
Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company on 01st April, 2025 has adopted the policy 
for nomination and remuneration (the "Policy"). 
 
B. Objectives of the committee 
 
The Committee shall: 
 
1. Formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence 
of a director and recommend to the Board a policy relating to the remuneration of 
Directors, key managerial personnel and other employees. 
 
2. Formulation of criteria for evaluation of the Independent Director and to carry out 
evaluation of every Director’s performance and to provide necessary report to the Board for 
further evaluation. 
 
3. Advise the Board in relation to appointment and removal of Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel and Senior Management. 
 
4. Devising a policy on Board diversity. 
 
5. Identify persons who are qualified to become Director and persons who may be appointed 
in Key Managerial and Senior Management positions in accordance with the criteria laid 
down in this policy. 
 
6. To provide to Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management reward linked directly to 
their effort, performance, dedication and achievement relating to the Company’s 
operations. 
 
7. To retain, motivate and promote talent and to ensure long term sustainability of talented 
managerial persons and create competitive advantage. 
 
8. Ensure that level and composition of remuneration is reasonable and sufficient, relationship 
of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate performance benchmarks. 
 
9. To carry out any other function as is mandated by the Board from time to time and / or 
enforced by any statutory notification, amendment or modification, as may be applicable. 
 
10. To perform such other functions as may be necessary or appropriate for the performance of 
its duties. 
 
11. To develop a succession plan for the Board and to regularly review the plan. 
 

 
 
C. Definitions 
 
"Act" Act means the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules framed 
thereunder, as amended from time to time; 
 
"Board" Board means Board of Directors of the Company; 
 
"Director" Directors means Directors of the Company; 
 
"Committee˘ Committee means the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee of the Company as constituted or 
reconstituted by the Board, from time to time; 
 
"Company" Company means Teerth Gopicon Limited 
 
"Independent Director" shall mean the Director other than a managing director 
or a whole-time director or a nominee director as more 
specifically set out under Section 149(6) of the Act, and 
shall also have the meaning ascribed to the term 
"Independent Director" under Regulation 16(1)(b) of 
the Listing Regulations; 
 
"Key Managerial Personnel" shall mean- 
(i) the Chief Executive Officer or the managing 
director or the manager; 
(ii) the Whole-Time Director; 
(iii) the Company Secretary; 
(iv) the Chief Financial Officer; and 
(v) such other officer as may be prescribed under the 
applicable statutory provisions/ regulations. 
 
"Senior Management" shall mean personnel of the Company who are 
members of its core management team excluding 
Board of Directors comprising all members of 
management one level below the executive directors, 
including the functional heads. 
 
"Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee" shall mean a Committee of Board of Directors of the 
Company, constituted in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 178 of the Act. 
 
"Policy or This Policy" shall mean this Nomination and Remuneration Policy. 
 
"Remuneration" shall mean any money or its equivalent given or passed 
to any person for services rendered by him and 
includes perquisites as defined under the Income -tax 
Act, 1961. 
 
Unless the context otherwise requires, words and expressions used in this policy and not 
defined herein but defined in the Act as may be amended from time to time shall have the 
meaning respectively assigned to them therein. 

 
 
D. Guiding principles 
 
The Policy ensures that: 
 
1. The level and composition of Remuneration is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain 
and motivate Directors of the quality required to run the Company successfully; 
2. Relationship of Remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate performance 
benchmarks; and 
3. Remuneration to Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management involves a 
balance between fixed and incentive pay reflecting short and long -term performance 
objectives appropriate to the working of the Company and its goals. 
 
E. Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
 
1. Role of Committee. The role of the Committee inter-alia will be the following: 
 
a) To identify persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in 
senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down, recommend to the Board 
their appointment and removal and shall carry out evaluation of every Director’s 
performance. 
 
b) To formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and 
independence of a director and recommend to the Board a policy, relating to the 
remuneration (payable in whatever form) of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and 
Senior Management. 
 
c) To determine whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the Independent 
Director(s), on the basis of the report of performance evaluation of Independent Directors. 
 
d) To formulate criteria for evaluation of performance of the Board. 
 
e) The Committee shall ensure that the level and composition of remuneration is reasonable 
and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate Directors of the quality required to run the 
Company successfully and relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets 
appropriate performance benchmarks 
 
f) The Committee shall ensure that the remuneration to Directors, Key Managerial Personnel 
and Senior Management involves a balance between fixed and incentive pay reflecting short 
and long-term performance objectives appropriate to the working of the company and its 
goals. 
 
g) Regularly review the Human Resource functions of the Company and reassess the adequacy 
of this charter periodically and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval 
from time to time. 
 
h) To devise a policy on Board Diversity. 
 
i) Discharge such other function(s) or exercise such power(s) as may be delegated to the 
Committee by the Board from time to time and make reports to the Board as appropriate. 
 
j) Such other work and policy related and incidental to the objectives of the committee as per 
provisions of the Act and rules made there under. 

 
 
2. Membership 
 
a) The Committee shall consist of a minimum 3 non -executive directors, out of which at least 
two-third shall be independent directors. 
 
b) Chairperson of the Committee shall be an Independent Director. However, the Chairperson 
of the Company (whether executive or non -executive) may be appointed as a member of 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee but shall not chair such Committee. 
 
c) Minimum two (2) members or one third of the members of the committee, whichever is 
greater, including at least one independent director in attendance, shall constitute a 
quorum for the Committee meeting. 
 
d) Membership of the Committee shall be disclosed in the Annual Report. 
 
e) Term of the Committee shall be continued unless terminated by the Board of Directors. 
 
3. Chairman 
 
a) Chairman of the Committee shall be an Independent Director. 
 
b) In the absence of the Chairman, the members of the Committee present at the meeting 
shall choose one amongst them to act as Chairman. 
 
c) Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee meeting could be present at the 
Annual General Meeting or may nominate some other member or any other Director to 
answer the shareholders’ queries. 
 
4. Frequency of meetings 
 
The meeting of the Committee shall be held at such regular intervals as may be required 
but shall meet at least once a year. 
 
5. Committee members’ interests 
 
a) A member of the Committee is not entitled to be present when his or her own 
remuneration is discussed at a meeting or when his or her performance is being evaluated. 
 
b) The Committee may invite such executives, as it considers appropriate, to be present at the 
meetings of the Committee. 
 
6. Secretary 
 
The Company Secretary of the Company shall act as Secretary of the Committee. 
 
7. Voting 
 
a) Matters arising for determination at Committee meetings shall be decided by a majority 
of votes of Members present and voting and any such decision shall for all purposes be 
deemed a decision of the Committee. 
 
b) In the case of equality of votes, the Chairman of the meeting will have a casting vote. 

 
 
8. Minutes of Committee meeting 
 
Proceedings of all meetings must be documented and signed by the Chairman of the 
Committee at the subsequent meeting. Minutes of the Committee meetings will be tabled 
at the subsequent Board and Committee meeting. 
 
F. Appointment of Directors 
 
1. General appointment criteria 
 
a) The Committee shall consider the ethical standards of integrity and probity, 
qualification, expertise and experience of the person for appointment as Director, Key 
Managerial Personnel or at Senior Management level and accordingly recommend to 
the Board his / her appointment. 
 
b) The Company should ensure that the person so appointed as Director/ Independent 
Director/ Key Managerial Personnel / Senior Management Personnel shall not be 
disqualified under the Act, rules made there under or any other enactment for the time 
being in force. 
 
c) The Director/ Independent Director/ Key Managerial Personnel / Senior Management 
Personnel shall be appointed as per the procedure laid down under the provisions of 
the Act, rules made there under, or any other enactment for the time being in force. 
 
d) The Company shall not appoint or continue the employment of any person as Managing 
Director/Whole-time Director/Manager who has attained the age of seventy years. 
Provided that the term of the person holding this position may be extended beyond the 
age of seventy years with the approval of shareholders by passing a special resolution 
based on the explanatory statement annexed to the notice for such motion indicating 
the justification for extension of appointment beyond seventy years. 
 
e) The Company shall appoint / re -appoint an independent director, in terms with its 
"POLICY ON TERMS OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR" 
 
2. Tenure. The Term / Tenure of the Directors shall be governed as per provisions of the Act 
and rules made there under as amended from time to time. 
 
a) Managing Director/Whole-time Director/Manager (Managerial Person): 
 
The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person as its Managerial Person for a term 
not exceeding five years at a time. No re -appointment shall be made earlier than one 
year before the expiry of term. 
 
b) Independent Director: 
 
(i) An Independent Director shall hold office for a term up to five consecutive years on 
the Board of the Company and will be eligible for reappointment on passing of a 
special resolution by the Company and disclosure of such appointment in the Board's 
Report. 
 
(ii) No Independent Director shall hold office for more than two consecutive terms, but 
such Independent Director shall be eligible for appointment after expiry of three 
years of ceasing to become an Independent Director. 

 
 
(iii) Provided that an Independent Director shall not, during the said period of three 
(3) years, be appointed in or be associated with the Company in any other 
capacity, either directly or indirectly. 
 
(iv) At the time of appointment of Independent Director, it should be ensured that 
number of Boards on which such Independent Director serve do not exceed the 
maximum number fixed under the Act and/or the Listing Regulations. 
 
3. Removal. Due to reasons for any disqualification mentioned in the Act, rules made there 
under or under any other applicable Act, rules and regulations or any other reasonable 
ground, the Committee may recommend to the Board for removal of a Director, Key 
Managerial Personnel or Senior Management Personnel subject to the provisions and 
compliance of the said Act, rules and regulations. 
 
4. Retirement. The Director, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management shall retire as 
per the applicable provisions of the Act and the prevailing policy of the Company. The Board 
will have the discretion to retain the Director, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior 
Management in the same position/ remuneration or otherwise even after attaining the 
retirement age, for the benefit of the Company. 
 
G. Remuneration Policy 
 
1. Applicability. This Policy is applicable to (a) Executive directors; (b) Non -executive 
directors; (c) Key Managerial Personnel; (d) Senior Management Personnel; and (e) 
Employees. 
 
2. Remuneration to Executive Director . The remuneration paid to Executive Directors is 
recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approved by Board in 
Board meeting, subject to the subsequent approval of the shareholders at the General 
Meeting and such other authorities, as may be required. The remuneration is decided after 
considering various factors such as qualification, experience, performance, responsibilities 
shouldered, industry standards as well as financial position of the Company. 
 
3. Remuneration to Non -executive Director . The Non -Executive Directors are paid 
remuneration by way of Sitting Fees and Commission. The Non-Executive Directors are paid 
sitting fees for each meeting of the Board and Committee of Directors attended by them. 
The payment of sitting fees will be recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and approved by the Board. Quantum of sitting fees may be subject to review 
on a periodic basis, as required provided that the amount of such fees shall not exceed Rs. 1 
lakh per meeting of the Board or Committee or such amount as may be prescribed by the 
Central Government from time to time. 
 
H. Evaluation of the Directors: 
 
1. The evaluation/assessment of the Directors, of the Company is to be conducted on an 
annual basis on basis of "Board and Independent Director Evaluation Policy" of the 
Company. 
 
2. Following criteria of evaluation of performance may assist in determining how effective the 
performances of the Directors have been: 
 

 
 
a) Executive Directors . The Executive Directors shall be evaluated on the basis of 
targets/Criteria given to executive Directors by the Board from time to time. 
 
b) Non-Executive Director. The Non-Executive Directors shall be evaluated on the basis of 
the following criteria i.e., whether they: 
(i) act objectively and constructively while exercising their duties; 
(ii) exercise their responsibilities in a bona fide manner in the interest of the 
Company; 
(iii) devote sufficient time and attention to their professional obligations for 
informed and balanced decision making; 
(iv) do not abuse their position to the detriment of the company or its 
shareholders or for the purpose of gaining direct or indirect personal 
advantage or advantage for any associated person; 
(v) refrain from any action that would lead to loss of his independence 
(vi) inform the Board immediately when they lose their independence, 
(vii) assist the Company in implementing the best corporate governance practices. 
(viii) strive to attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and the Committees; 
(ix) participate constructively and actively in the committees of the Board in which 
they are chairpersons or members; 
(x) strive to attend the general meetings of the Company; 
(xi) keep themselves well informed about the Company and the external 
environment in which it operates; 
(xii) do not to unfairly obstruct the functioning of an otherwise proper Board or 
committee of the Board; 
(xiii) moderate and arbitrate in the interest of the Company as a whole, in situations 
of conflict between management and shareholder’s interest. 
(xiv) abide by Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association, Company’s 
policies and procedures including code of conduct, insider trading etc. 
 
3. Additionally, for the evaluation/assessment of the performances of Managing 
Director(s)/Whole Time Director(s) of the Company, following criteria may also be 
considered: 
 
a) Leadership abilities. 
b) Communication of expectations & concerns clearly with subordinates. 
c) Direct, monitor & evaluate Key Managerial Personnel, senior officials. 
 
4. Evaluation on the aforesaid parameters will be conducted by the Independent Directors for 
each of the Executive/Non-Independent Directors in a separate meeting of the Independent 
Directors. 
 
5. The Executive Director /Non -Independent Directors along with the Independent Directors 
will evaluate /assess each of the Independent Directors on the aforesaid parameters. Only 
the Independent Director being evaluated will not participate in the said evaluation 
discussion. 
 
I. Remuneration 
 
The Committee will recommend the remuneration to be paid to the Managing Director, Whole 
Time Director, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel to the Board for 
their approval. The level and composition of remuneration so determined by the Committee 

 
 
shall be reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel and Senior Management of the quality required to run the Company successfully. The 
relationship of remuneration to performance should be clear and meet appropriate 
performance benchmarks. The remuneration should also involve a balance between fixed and 
incentive pay reflecting short and long-term performance objectives appropriate to the working 
of the Company and its goals: 
 
1. General: 
 
a) The remuneration / compensation / commission etc. to Managerial Person, Key 
Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel will be determined by the 
Committee and recommended to the Board for approval. The Remuneration / 
compensation / commission etc. shall be subject to the prior/ post approval of the 
shareholders of the Company and Central Government, wherever required. 
 
b) The remuneration and commission to be paid to Managerial Person shall be as per the 
statutory provisions of the Act, and the rules made thereunder for the time being in 
force. 
c) Increments to the existing remuneration / compensation structure may be 
recommended by the Committee to the Board which should be within the slabs 
approved by the Shareholders in the case of Managerial Person. Increments will be 
effective from the date of reappointment in respect of Managerial Person or such other 
date as mentioned in the resolution and 1st April in respect of other employees of the 
Company. 
 
Where any insurance is taken by the Company on behalf of its Managerial Person, Key Managerial 
Personnel and any other employees for indemnifying them against any liability, the premium paid on 
such insurance shall not be treated as part of the Remuneration payable to any such personnel. 
 
2. Remuneration to managerial person, key managerial personnel and senior management 
 
a) Fixed pay: Managerial Person, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management shall 
be eligible for a monthly remuneration as may be approved by the Board on the 
recommendation of the Committee in accordance with the statutory provisions of the 
Act and the rules made there under for the time being in force. The break-up of the pay 
scale and quantum of perquisites including, employer’s contribution to P.F, pension 
scheme, medical expenses, club fees etc. shall be decided and approved by the Board 
on the recommendation of the Committee and approved by the shareholders and 
Central Government, wherever required. 
 
b) Minimum Remuneration: If, in any financial year, the Company has no profits or its 
profits are inadequate, the Company shall pay remuneration to its Managerial Person in 
accordance with the provisions of Schedule V of the Act and if it is not able to comply 
with such provisions, with the prior approval of the Central Government. 
 
c) Provisions for excess remuneration: If any Managerial Person draws or receives, directly 
or indirectly by way of remuneration any such sums in excess of the limits prescribed 
under the Act or without the prior sanction of the Central Government, where required, 
he / she shall refund such sums to the Company and until such sum is refunded, hold it 
in trust for the Company. The Company shall not waive recovery of such sum refundable 
to it unless permitted by the Central Government. 
 

 
 
3. Remuneration to non-executive / Independent director 
 
a) Remuneration / Commission : The remuneration / commission shall be in accordance 
with the statutory provisions of the Act and the rules made there under for the time 
being in force. 
 
b) Sitting Fees: The Non- Executive / Independent Director may receive remuneration by 
way of fees for attending meetings of Board or Committee thereof. Provided that the 
amount of such fees shall not exceed the maximum amount as provided in the Act per 
meeting of the Board or Committee or such amount as may be prescribed by the Central 
Government from time to time. 
 
c) Limit of Remuneration /Commission: Remuneration / Commission may be paid within 
the monetary limit approved by shareholders, subject to the limit not exceeding 1% of 
the net profits of the Company computed as per the applicable provisions of the Act. 
 
J. Disclosure 
The Remuneration policy and the evaluation criteria shall be disclosed in the Board’s Report. 
 
K. Deviations from this Policy 
Deviations on elements of this policy in extraordinary circumstances, when deemed necessary in the 
interests of the Company, will be made if there are specific reasons to do so in an individual case. 
However, this shall be subject to the approval of Board of Directors on the recommendation of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company. 
 
**********

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Policy_on_Evaluation_of_Board_and_Independent_Directors.pdf

POLICY ON EVALUATION OF THE BOARD AND THE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
 
A Preamble 
 
Topsun Energy Limited (the " Company") believes in sustaining sound governance by 
establishing and following best practices. As top management of the Company oversee the 
performance of every department, the Board of Directors (the " Board") of the Company 
manages the functioning of top management to meet business, customers and market needs. 
Practice of Board evaluation on annual basis is an opportunity to benchmark and progress and 
complies with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the " Act") and Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(the "Listing Regulations"). 
 
B Object 
 
The Board Evaluation Policy aims to: 
 
1. bring closer working relationship among Board members 
 
2. endorse those individual directors and the Board as a whole: 
a) who works efficiently by using the Board’s time constructively to maximize the 
strength; and 
b) who works effectively as a governing body in achieving Company’s objectives and 
tackle any short comings. 
 
3. Facilitate the decision on levelling the composition of remuneration, for making it 
reasonable and sufficient, to attract, retain and motivate directors, with aim to sustain 
the required quality to run the company successfully. 
 
C Definitions and Interpretation 
 
In this Policy, words and expressions shall have the meaning assigned to them below: 
 
"Act" shall mean the Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed 
thereunder, notified by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, Government of India, as amended from time 
to time; 
 
"Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company; 
 
"Company" shall mean Topsun Energy Limited, incorporated under 
the provisions of the Act; 
 
"Directors" shall mean all the members of the Board of Directors 
of the Company, including the Independent Directors; 
 
"Listing Regulations" shall mean The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time. 
 
 

 
 
D Responsibility on evaluation 
 
1. The Chairman of the Board shall be responsible for initiating annual evaluation process; 
 
2. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall be responsible for organizing the 
Board evaluation process and accordingly conclude the steps required to be taken; 
 
3. The Board shall be responsible for: 
 
a) Reiewing various strategies of the Company and accordingly set the 
performance objectives for directors, consistent with the varying nature and 
requirements of Company’s business; 
 
b) Discussing and analyzing the Board’s and own performance during the year 
together with suggestions for improvement thereon, pursuant to the 
performance objectives; and 
 
c) The performance evaluation of all the independent directors. 
 
4. The Independent Director shall be responsible for: 
 
a) Performance evaluation of non -independent directors and Board as a whole; 
and 
b) Reviewing performance of the chairperson, taking into account the views of 
executive directors and non-executive directors 
 
E Events of evaluation 
 
1. Annually, the chairperson shall initiate the process of evaluation. 
 
2. At the Board’s discretion the evaluation shall be coordinated by: 
 
i. A person designated by the Board alone; or 
ii. A person designated by the Board with staff assistance; or 
iii. An appointed external consultant. 
 
3. The evaluation shall consist of four parts: 
 
i. Overall Board evaluation; 
ii. Committee evaluation; 
iii. Director’s evaluation by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee; and 
iv. Independent Director evaluation. 
 
4. The Board evaluation forms shall be distributed to each Board Member approximately 
15 (fifteen) days before, from the date of scheduled Board meeting for the purpose of 
evaluation. 
 
5. Board members shall be asked to provide written inputs, complete the forms and return 
them to the Chairman or Board designee or the consultant within 7 (seven) days of 
receipt of the forms. 
6. Evaluation rating criteria that shall be followed by each member while completing the 
form is, as mentioned herein below. 

 
 
 
Prerformance Rating Scale 
Surpasses expectations 3 
Meets expectations 2 
Below expectations 1 
 
7. Results will be analysed, tabulated and presented in a summary report with composite 
scoring, prior to the scheduled meeting by the identified evaluation coordinator. 
 
8. The individually completed forms will also be preserved and presented to the Board and 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee for evaluation. 
 
9. The Board will discuss areas that are working well, and those that need attention. 
 
10. The Board will decide on requirement of changes if any for improvement of governance 
practice, strategic initiatives and policies to be taken. 
 
11. Personnel and/or the governance consultant along with the Board or Board designee 
shall facilitate the implementation of identified changes. 
 
F Review and modification of evaluation 
 
1. The evaluation process, criteria and tools used shall be reviewed by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee on need basis. 
 
2. The Committee may periodically seek independent external advice in relation to the 
process. 
 
3. The Committee may amend the Policy, if required, by passing a resolution at a 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee meeting, after ascertaining its relevance on 
the basis of the Company’s needs. 
 
4. If and when changes are brought into, it is the Committee’s responsibility to assure that 
this policy document is updated. 
 
G Disclosure 
 
1. The Company shall disclose details of its Board Evaluation process in its Board’s Report. 
 
2. The key features of this Policy would be included in the corporate governance statement 
contained in the Annual Report of the Company. 
 
3. The Board’s report containing such statement shall be made available to shareholders at 
the general meeting of the Company. 
 
4. The Policy shall be available for public information on the website of the Company i.e 
http://topsunenergy.com/ . 
 
 
**********

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Policy_on_Diversity_on_Board.pdf

POLICY ON DIVERSITY OF BOARD 
 
A Preamble 
 
The Board shall have the optimum combination of the Directors the different areas/fields like 
production, management, quality assurance, finance, sales and marketing, supply chain, research 
and development, human resources, administration etc. or as may be considered appropriate. The 
Board shall have at least one Director who has accounting or financial management related 
expertise and who is financially literate. 
 
Having a diverse and inclusive culture in the Board is essential for the success of Topsun Energy 
Limited ("Company"). 
 
Accordingly, the Board on 01st April, 2025 has adopted the Policy on Diversity of the Board ("Policy") 
which aims to set out the approach, to achieve diversity on the Board. 
 
B Objective and Policy Statement 
 
1. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of diversified Board as it helps in making 
good use of differences in knowledge, professional experience, expertise, qualification, skills, 
and range of outlooks that are required for the progressive business of the Company. Possessing 
a truly balanced and diverse Board with all these merits along with diversity in regional and 
industry experience, background, culture, race, age, gender and other relevant factors between 
directors as an integral element helps in maintaining competitive advantage. 
 
2. The Board might consider relevant and applicable factors to balance the combination from time-
to-time to function effectively. 
 
3. The Company believes that a diverse Board can contribute to the achievements of its strategic 
and commercial objectives, including but not limited to: 
a) driving result-oriented business; 
b) ensuring sustainable development; 
c) augmenting quality and capability of constructive decision making; 
d) enhancing the reputation of the Company; and 
e) achieve effective corporate governance. 
 
4. This Policy shall apply only to the Board and not to the employees of the Company. 
 
C Definitions and Interpretation 
 
In this Policy, words and expressions shall have the meaning assigned to them below: 
 
"Act" shall mean the Companies Act, 2013 and rules 
framed thereunder, notified by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, Government of India, as 
amended from time to time; 
 
"Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the 
Company; 
 
"Company" shall mean Topsun Energy Limited, incorporated 
under the provisions of the Act; 

 
 
 
"Directors" shall mean all the members of the Board of 
Directors of the Company, including the 
Independent Directors; 
 
"Independent Directors" shall mean the Director other than a managing 
director or a whole -time director or a nominee 
director as more specifically set out under 
Section 149(6) of the Act, and shall also have the 
meaning ascribed to the term "Independent 
Director" under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing 
Regulations; 
 
"Listing Regulations" shall mean The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended 
from time to time; 
 
"Nomination and Remuneration Committee" shall mean the nomination and remuneration 
committee constituted by the Board in 
accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013; 
 
D Optimum Composition 
 
1. In compliance with Regulation 17(1)(a) of the Listing Regulations: 
 
a) The Board shall have an optimum combination of executive and non-executive directors and 
not less than fifty percent (50%) of the Board shall comprise of non-executive directors. 
 
b) The Company shall have at least one -woman director on the Board to ensure that there is 
no gender inequality on the Board. 
 
2. In compliance with Regulation 17(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. 
 
At least half of the Board shall comprise of Independent Directors (where the Chairman of the 
Board is executive) or at least one third of the Board consisting of independent directors (where 
the chairman of the Board is non -executive director). Provided, at least half of the Board shall 
comprise of Independent Directors, where the non -executive chairperson is a promoter of the 
Company or is related to any promoter or person occupying management positions at the level 
of the Board or at one level below the Board. 
 
3. In compliance with Regulation 17(IC) of the Listing Regulations. 
 
In any case, the Company shall ensure that approval of shareholders for appointment of a 
person on the Board is taken at the next general meeting or within a time period of three 
months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. 
 
E Functional Diversity 
 
a) Appointment of Directors shall be based on the specific needs and business of the Company. 
Appointments shall be done based on qualification, knowledge, experience and skill of proposed 
appointee, which is relevant to business of the Company. 

 
 
b) Knowledge and experience in domain area shall be duly considered while making appointments 
to the level of the Board. 
 
c) While appointing Independent Director, care shall be taken so as to ascertain the independence 
of the proposed appointee. 
 
d) For every appointment of an independent director, the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee shall evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on 
the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of the role and capabilities required of an 
independent director. 
 
e) The person recommended to the Board for appointment as an independent director shall have 
the capabilities identified in such description. 
 
f) For the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee may: 
(i) use the services of external agencies, if required; 
(ii) consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and 
(iii) consider the time commitments of the candidates. 
 
g) Directorships in other companies may also be taken into account while determining the 
candidature of a person. 
 
F Monitoring, Evaluation and Reporting 
 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and its policy are in compliance with Section 178 of 
the Act and the Listing Regulations. Monitoring, evaluation and reporting shall be in strict 
compliance with the same. 
 
G Review of the Policy 
 
1. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall review the policy annually, which will 
include an assessment of the effectiveness of the policy 
 
2. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall discuss any revision that may be required 
and recommend such revisions to the Board for approval. 
 
H Disclosure of the Policy 
 
1. The Policy shall be published for public information on the Company’s website i.e. 
www.topsunenergy.com. 
 
2. Complying with 46(2)(i) of the Listing Regulations, a summary of the Policy together with the 
measurable objectives set for implementing this Policy, and the progress made towards 
achieving those objectives shall be disclosed annually by the Company in the corporate 
governance report. 
 
 
**********

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Code_of_Fair_Disclosure.pdf

CODE OF PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES FOR FAIR DISCLOSURE OF UNPUBLISHED PRICE SENSITIVE 
INFORMATION 
 
A. Preamble 
 
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has promulgated the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 ("Insider Trading Regulations") which 
requires the Board of Directors (" Board") of every Company, whose securities are listed on a 
stock exchange, to formulate and publish on its official website, a code of practices and 
procedures for fair disclosure of unpublished price sensitive information, in order to adhere to 
each of the principles set out in Schedule A of the Insider Trading Regulations, without diluting 
the provisions of the said regulations in any manner. 
 
Accordingly, the Board of Topsun Energy Limited , (hereinafter referred to as the " Company") 
has approved and adopted the following Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of 
Unpublished Price Sensitive Information ("Code"). 
 
B. Basic Guidelines 
 
The Code has been framed and adopted by the Company in compliance with the provisions of 
Regulations 3, 8(1), and Schedule ‘A’ of the Insider Trading Regulations, as amended from time 
to time. 
 
Reference to statutory provisions or regulations shall be construed as meaning and including 
references to any amendment or re -enactment and any amendments to any statutory 
provisions or regulations or clarifications applicable to the Code shall automatically be deemed 
to be included in the Code, without any further amendment of the Code by the Board or 
relevant committee of the Board. 
 
C. Objective 
 
The objective of this Code is to formulate a framework and policy for fair disclosure of events 
and occurrences that could impact price discovery in the market for the securities of the 
Company. 
 
This code is applicable to all disclosures of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (" UPSI") by 
the Company, its subsidiaries, associates and the companies under the same management. 
 
D. Definitions and Interpretation 
 
In this Code, words and expressions shall have the meaning assigned to them below: 
 
"Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company; 
 
"Directors" shall mean all the members of the Board of Directors of the 
Company, including the Independent Directors; 
 
"Company" shall mean Topsun Energy Limited; 
 
"Compliance Officer" shall mean an officer designated as the Compliance Officer under 
the Code of Internal Procedures and Conduct for Prevention of 
Insider Trading of the Company; 
 

 
 
"Material Events" shall mean events that a reasonable stakeholder dealing with the 
Company would consider important in deciding to engage and deal 
with the Company, its products and services and in its securities; 
 
Provided that whether any particular information could be 
considered Material by a reasonable stakeholder depends on 
specific circumstances existing at a particular point of time; 
 
"Material Information" shall mean Material Events meeting the requirements of the 
Disclosure Policy. 
 
E. Practice and Procedure 
 
The following principles of fair disclosure for the purposes of "Code of Practices and Procedures 
for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information" shall be strictly followed by the 
Company with immediate effect: 
 
1. The Company shall promptly disclose to the public UPSI that would impact price 
discovery, no sooner than such credible and concrete information comes into being, in 
order to make such information generally available. 
 
2. The Company shall ensure that information shared with analysts and research personnel 
is not UPSI. 
 
3. The Company shall uniformly and universally disseminate UPSI to avoid selective 
disclosure. 
 
4. The Company shall promptly disseminate UPSI that gets disclosed selectively, 
inadvertently or otherwise, to make such information generally available to all public. 
 
5. The Company shall respond appropriately and fairly to queries on news reports and 
requests for verification of market rumors by regulatory authorities. The Company will 
endeavor to respond promptly to such requests, if any. 
 
6. The Company shall develop best practices to make transcripts or records of proceedings 
of meetings with analysts and other investor relations conferences on its official website 
in order to ensure official confirmation and documentation of disclosures made. 
 
7. The Company shall handle all UPSI on a need-to-know basis in furtherance of legitimate 
purpose. 
 
8. The Company shall designate a senior officer as a n Investor Relations Officer to deal 
with dissemination of information and disclosure of UPSI. 
 
F. Uniform and universal dissemination of UPSI 
 
When a Material event or Material Information triggers disclosure, the Company shall promptly 
furnish the Material Information to all stock exchanges where its securities are listed. 
Information published on the website of a stock exchange, would ordinarily be considered 
generally available information. 
 
The information released by the Company to the stock exchanges may also be released to the 
press for a wider circulation. The information released by the Company to the stock exchanges 
may also be hosted on the Company’s’ website http://teerthgopicon.com/for wider circulation. 

 
 
G. Responding to market rumors 
 
All the stock exchanges where the securities of the Company are listed are required to be 
informed well in advance of the name and address of the Compliance Officer to whom the 
exchanges may refer any market rumors for verification. 
 
Such a communication to the stock exchanges may include fax number, telephone number and 
email id of the Compliance Officer. 
 
On receipt of requests from any of the stock exchanges for verification of market rumors, the 
Compliance Officer shall ascertain the factual position and thereafter appropriately and fairly 
respond to such queries or requests. 
 
At the time of making such response, the Compliance Officer may decide as to whether a public 
announcement is necessary for verifying or denying rumors and then make the disclosure. 
 
If deemed necessary, the chief officer for investor relations of the Company shall make a public 
announcement for verifying or denying the rumors and thereafter make appropriate disclosure. 
 
All request and queries for verifications of market rumors shall be documented as far as 
practical. In this regard, the chief officer for investor relations of the Company shall request for 
all queries and requests be made in writing. 
 
H. Handling of all unpublished price-sensitive information 
 
The Company will handle all UPSI with internal personnel on a need -to-know basis and no UPSI 
shall be communicated to any person except for internal personnel’s legitimate purposes, 
performance of duties or discharge of his or her legal obligations. The Company may formulate 
an internal guideline which shall contain appropriate procedures and processes to be followed 
while sharing the UPSI on a need-to-know basis. 
 
The information filed by the Company with stock exchanges under a continuous disclosure 
requirement may be made available on the Company’s website. 
 
I. Digital database 
 
The Board shall ensure that a structured digital database is maintained containing nature of UPSI 
and the names of such persons or entities, as the case may be, who have shared UPSI and with 
whom UPSI is shared under Regulation 3 of the Insider Trading Regulations along with the 
Permanent Account Number (PAN) or any other identifier authorized by law, where PAN is not 
available. Such database shall be maintained with adequate internal controls and checks such as 
time stamping, audit trails, etc. to ensure non-tampering of the database. 
 
J. Code of Conduct 
 
The Company shall adhere to the prescribed standards for code of conduct framed pursuant to 
Regulation 9(1) and (2) read with Schedule B of the Insider Trading Regulations to regulate, 
monitor and report trading by insiders, designated persons and all other applicable persons and 
entities. 
 
 
 

 
 
K. Restrictions on communication and trading by insiders 
 
The Board shall require the parties to execute agreements to impose confidentiality and non -
disclosure obligations on the part of such parties and such parties shall keep information so 
received confidential, and shall not otherwise trade in securities of the Company when in 
possession of UPSI. 
 
POLICY FOR DETERMINATION OF LEGITIMATE PURPOSE 
 
No UPSI shall be communicated to any person except in furtherance of legitimate purposes, 
performance of duties or discharge of legal obligations. 
 
 ‘Legitimate Purpose’ shall include sharing of unpublished price sensitive information in the 
ordinary course of business by an insider with partners, collaborators, lenders, customers, 
suppliers, merchant bankers, legal advisors, auditors, insolvency professionals or other advisors 
or consultants, provided that such sharing has not been carried out to evade or circumvent the 
prohibitions of the regulations. 
 
 Any person in receipt of unpublished price sensitive information pursuant to a “legitimate 
purpose” shall be considered an “insider” for purposes of these regulations and due notice shall 
be given to such persons to maintain confidentiality of such unpublished price sensitive 
information in compliance with these regulations. 
 
The UPSI should be protected, as far as reasonably possible, from deliberate or accidental 
misuse or disclosure, both within the Company and outside, i.e. to third parties. 
 
L. Amendment 
 
The Board, subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations, may amend / substitute any 
provision(s) with a new provision(s) or replace this entire Code with a new policy. 
 
In any circumstance where the terms of this Code differ from any law, rule, regulation etc. for 
the time being in force, the law, rule, regulation etc. shall take precedence over this Code. 
 
This Code and any subsequent amendment(s) thereto, shall be intimated promptly to the Stock 
Exchanges, if required, under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and / or Insider Trading Regulations and any amendment(s), re - 
amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereto. 
 
M. General 
 
Words and expressions used but not defined in herein, but defined in the Insider Trading 
Regulations, Companies Act, 2013, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the 
Depositories Act, 1996 and/or the rules and regulations made thereunder and any other 
applicable provisions, shall have the same meaning as respectively assigned to them in such acts 
or rules or regulations or any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) or re -enactment(s) 
thereto, as the case may be. 
 
N. Approved and adopted 
 
This Policy has been approved and adopted by the Board vide resolution dated 01st April, 2025. 
 
**********

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Policy_on_Related_Party_Transactions.pdf

POLICY ON RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
A. Preamble 
 
The Board of Directors (the " Board") of Topsun Energy Limited (the "Company"), has adopted the 
following policy and procedures with regard to the Related Party Transactions as defined below. The 
Audit Committee shall review and may propose amendments to this policy as may be required. 
 
The policy will be applicable to the Company. This policy is to regulate transactions between the 
Company and its related parties based on the laws and regulations applicable on the Company. 
 
B. Basic Guidelines 
 
The Code has been framed and adopted by the Company in compliance with the provisions of 
Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (the " Listing Regulations ") and such other Rules/Regulations, as may be notified by the 
Government/ SEBI from time to time and the Companies Act, 2013 (the " Act") and the Companies 
(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (the "Rules"), as amended from time to time. 
 
Any references to statutory provisions shall be construed as references to those provisions as 
amended or re -enacted or as their application is modified by other statutory provisions (whether 
before or after the date hereof) from time to time and shall include any provisions of which they are 
re-enactments (whether with or without modification). 
 
C. Objective 
 
This policy is framed in compliance with Regulation 23 of Listing Regulations and such other 
Rules/Regulations, as may be notified by the Government/ SEBI from time to time and Section 188 of 
the Act and the Rules, as amended from time to time, and other applicable provisions, if any 
(collectively referred to as the "Applicable Regulatory Provisions"). 
 
This policy is to regulate transactions between the Company and its Related Parties based on the 
laws and regulations applicable to the Company, and all Related Party Transactions shall be entered 
into by the Company in accordance with this Policy or in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
 
D. Definitions 
 
"Arm’s Length Transaction" shall mean a transaction between two related parties that is 
conducted as if they were unrelated, so that there is no 
conflict of interest. 
 
"Associate" shall mean a Company as defined under section 2(6) of the 
Act and as defined by Accounting Standard (AS) 23, 
"Accounting for Investments in Associates in Consolidated 
Financial Statements" and by Accounting Standard (AS) 18, 
"Related party disclosures". 
 
"Audit Committee or Committee" shall mean the Audit Committee of the Board constituted 
under Section 177 of the Act and Regulations 18 of the 
Listing Regulation; 
 
 

 
 
"Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
"Control" means control as defined in Section 2(27) of the Act and shall 
have the same meaning as defined in SEBI (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011. 
 
"Key Managerial Personnel" shall mean the officers of the Company as defined in Section 
2(51) of the Act and other applicable provisions, if any, as 
amended from time to time. 
 
"Policy" shall mean this Related Party Transaction Policy. 
 
"Material Related Party Transaction" shall have the meaning as defined in the Applicable 
Regulatory Provisions. 
 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, at present, as per the 
explanation to Regulation 23(1) of the Listing Regulations, 
this term means a transaction with a related party if (a) the 
transaction/transactions to be entered into individually or 
taken together with previous transactions during a financial 
year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of 
the company as per the last audited financial statements of 
the Company or (b) a transaction involving payments made 
to a related party with respect to brand usage or royalty shall 
be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceed five percent of the annual 
consolidated turnover of the Company as per the last 
audited financial statements of the Company. 
 
"Ordinary course of business" shall mean the usual transactions, customs and practices 
undertaken by the Company to conduct its business 
operations and activities and includes all such activities 
which the Company can undertake as per Memorandum & 
Articles of Association. The Board and Audit Committee may 
lay down the principles for determining ordinary course of 
business in accordance with the statutory requirements and 
other industry practices and guidelines. 
 
"Relative" with reference to any person, means who is related to 
another, if:- 
(i) They are members of a Hindu Undivided Family; 
(ii) They are Husband or wife or 
(iii) One person is related to the another in the following 
manner, namely: 
a. Father, includes step-father. 
b. Mother, includes step-mother. 
c. Son, includes step-son. 
d. Son’s wife. 
e. Daughter. 
f. Daughter’s husband. 
g. Brother, includes step-brother. 
h. Sister, includes step-sister. 

 
 
 
"Related Party" as defined under the Listing Regulation – shall mean a 
related party as defined under section 2(76) of the Act or 
under the applicable accounting standards. Provided that 
any person or entity belonging to the promoter or 
promoter group of the Company and holding 20% or more 
of shareholding in the Company shall be deemed to be a 
related party. 
 
Under Section 2(76) of the Act, as referred above, a 
Related Party with reference to a company means — 
(i) a Director or his relative; 
(ii) a Key Managerial Personnel or his relative; 
(iii) a firm, in which a director, manager or his relative is a 
partner; 
(iv) a private company in which a director or manager or 
his relative is a member or director; 
(v) a public company in which a director or manager is a 
director and holds along with his relatives, more than 
two per cent. of its paid-up share capital; 
(vi) any body corporate whose Board of Directors, 
managing director or manager is accustomed to act in 
accordance with the advice, directions or instructions 
of a director or manager (except advice, directions or 
instructions given in a professional capacity); 
(vii) any person on whose advice, directions or instructions 
a director or manager is accustomed to act (except 
advice, directions or instructions given in a 
professional capacity); 
(viii) any body corporate which is— 
(a) a holding, subsidiary or an associate company 
of such company; 
(b) a subsidiary of a holding company to which it is 
also a subsidiary; or 
(c) an investing company or the venturer of the 
company; 
(ix) such other person as may be prescribed 
 
"Related Party Transactions" as defined under the Listing Regulation – shall mean a 
transfer of resources, services or obligations between the 
Company and a related party, regardless of whether a 
price is charged and a "transaction" with a related party 
shall be construed to include a single transaction or a 
group of transactions in a contract. 
 
Under Section 188 of the Act, contracts or arrangements 
with related party with respect to: 
(a) Sale, purchase or supply of any goods or materials; 
(b) Selling or otherwise disposing of, or buying, property 
of any kind; 
(c) Leasing of property of any kind; 
(d) Availing or rendering of any services; 

 
 
(e) Appointment of any agent for purchase or sale of 
goods, materials, services or property; 
(f) Such related party's appointment to any office or 
place of profit in the company, its subsidiary 
company or associate company; and 
(g) Underwriting the subscription of any securities or 
derivatives thereof, of the Company. 
 
Collectively the Related Party Transaction shall constitute 
the above. 
 
"Subsidiary" means a Company as defined under section 2(87) of the 
Act, and as defined by Accounting Standard (AS) 23, 
"Accounting for Investments in Associates in Consolidated 
Financial Statements" and by Accounting Standard (AS) 18, 
"Related party disclosures". 
 
E. Policy 
 
The Company shall not enter into contracts or arrangements with a related party without the 
approval of the Audit Committee. 
 
On a quarterly basis, the Audit Committee shall review transactions with related parties for omnibus 
approval given on the basis of the Applicable Regulatory Provisions. Omnibus approvals shall be valid 
for a period not exceeding one (1) year and shall require fresh approvals after the expiry of one (1) 
year. 
 
The Board of Directors in their meeting held on 01st April, 2025 has approved the threshold limits as 
provided in Annexure A of this Policy for determining the materiality 
 
Company shall not directly or indirectly give loan or give any guarantee or security in connection with 
loan to any person or body corporate exceeding prescribed limits. However, such restrictions would 
not apply to transactions with wholly owned subsidiary(ies). 
 
F. Contracts or arrangements not in the Ordinary Course of Business or at arm’s length basis 
 
Contracts or arrangements approved which are not in the ordinary course of business or at arm’s 
length shall be disclosed in the Board’s Report along with justification for entering into such contract 
or arrangement. 
 
In the event such contract or arrangement is not in the ordinary course of business or at arm’s 
length, the company shall comply with the provisions of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder 
and obtain approval of the Board or its shareholders, as applicable, for such contract or arrangement. 
 
G. Material Related Party Transactions 
 
All material related party transactions will be placed for the approval of the shareholders of the 
Company and no related party shall vote to approve such resolutions whether the entity is a related 
party to the particular transaction or not. 
 
Transactions with wholly owned subsidiary(ies), whose accounts are consolidated with the Company 
and placed before the shareholders at the general meeting for approval, are exempt from approval 
of shareholders. 

 
 
A transaction involving payments made to a related party with respect to brand usage or royalty shall 
be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered into individually or taken together with 
previous transactions during a financial year, exceed five percent of the annual consolidated turnover 
of the Company as per the last audited financial statements of the Company. 
 
H. Identification of Related Party 
 
Each director and Key Managerial Personal (" KMP") is responsible for providing notice to the Board 
or Audit Committee regarding persons and entities to be considered as "Related Party" by virtue of 
his/her being Director/KMP in the entity or holding certain shareholding percentage. Such notice 
shall be provided to the Company at the time of appointment and also at the time of first board 
meeting in every financial year and whenever there is any change in the disclosures already made. 
 
I. Identification of potential Related Party Transactions 
 
Each director and Key Managerial Personnel are responsible for providing notice to the Board or 
Audit Committee of any potential Related Party Transaction involving him or her or his or her 
Relative, including any additional information about the transaction that the Board/Audit Committee 
may reasonably request. Board/Audit Committee will determine whether the transaction does, in 
fact, constitute a Related Party Transaction requiring compliance with this policy. 
 
J. Terms of the policy 
 
1. All Related Party Transactions must be reported to the Audit Committee and referred for 
approval by the Committee in accordance with this Policy. 
 
2. All the Related Party Transactions proposed to be entered into shall require prior approval of 
the Audit Committee including the transactions to be entered in the ordinary course of 
business. The Audit Committee shall accordingly recommend the Related Party Transaction for 
the approval of Board of Directors/ Shareholders as per the terms of this policy. 
 
3. All the Related Party Transactions prescribed under Section 188 of the Act and within the 
threshold limits prescribed under rule 15 sub rule (3) of the Rules, shall alongwith the prior 
approval of Audit Committee shall also require approval of the Board of Directors. 
 
4. All the Material Related Party Transactions and Related Party Transactions, exceeding the 
threshold limits prescribed under rule 15 sub rule (3) of the Rules shall require prior approval of 
the Audit Committee, Board of Directors and Shareholders of the Company by way of Resolution 
prescribed under section 188 of the Act and the Listing Regulation. 
 
K. Review and approval of Related Party Transactions 
 
All related party transactions must be reported to the Audit Committee for its prior approval in 
accordance with this Policy. The Committee shall review the transaction/s and report the same for 
approval of the Board and shareholders, if required, in accordance with this Policy. 
 
1. Approval of Audit Committee 
 
a) All Related Party Transactions and subsequent modifications shall require prior approval of 
the Audit Committee either at a meeting or by resolutions by circulations. Only those 
members of the Audit Committee who are independent Directors, shall approve the Related 
Party Transactions. 

 
 
b) Audit Committee shall have all rights to call for information/documents in order to 
understand the scope of the proposed related party transactions. 
 
c) In case of RPTs which are repetitive in nature, t he Audit Committee may grant omnibus 
approval for the proposed Related Party Transaction subject to the following conditions: 
(i) The Audit Committee shall lay down the criteria for granting omnibus approval in line 
with the policy on Related Party Transactions of the Company and such approval shall 
be applicable in respect of transactions which are repetitive in nature; 
(ii) The Audit Committee shall satisfy itself the need for such omnibus approval and that 
such approval is in the interest of the Company; 
(iii) Such omnibus approval shall specify the following: 
- Name(s) of the Related Party; 
- Nature of the transaction; 
- Period of transaction; 
- Maximum amount of transaction that can be entered into; 
- The indicative base price/current contracted price and the formula for variation in 
the price, if any, and; 
- Such other conditions as the Audit Committee may deem fit. 
(iv) In such cases where the need for Related Party Transaction cannot be foreseen and 
details as required above are not available, the Audit Committee may grant omnibus 
approval for such transactions subject to their value not exceeding Rs. 1,00,00,000 
(Rupees one crore) per transaction; 
(v) The Audit committee shall review, at least on a quarterly basis, the details of Related 
party transactions entered into by the Company pursuant to each of the omnibus 
approval given; 
(vi) Such omnibus approvals shall be valid for a period not exceeding one year and shall 
require fresh approvals after the expiry of one year. 
(vii) In addition to the above, prior approval of Audit Committee of the Company shall be 
required for a Related Party Transaction where the subsidiary(ies) of a Company is a 
party but the Company is not a party and the value of such transaction whether entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions during a financial year 
exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated turnover as per the last audited financial 
statements of the Company (w.e.f April 1, 2023, 10% of the annual standalone turnover, 
as per the last audited financial statements of such Subsidiary). 
 
2. Approval of Board of Directors 
 
a) If the Committee determines that a Related Party Transaction should be brought before the 
Board, or if the Board in any case elects to review any such matter or it is mandatory under 
any law for the Board to approve a Related Party Transaction, then the Board shall consider 
and approve the Related Party Transaction at a meeting and the considerations set forth 
above shall apply to the Board’s review and approval of the matter, with such modification 
as may be necessary or appropriate under the circumstances. 
 
b) All the related party transactions prescribed under Section 188 of the Act, which are not in 
the ordinary course of business or not at Arm’s Length Basis and all material related party 
transactions shall be brought before the Board and the Board shall consider and approve 
the related party transaction at a meeting. 
 
c) Any member of the Board who is interested or has potential interest (as mentioned under 
section 184(2) of the Act), in any related party transaction shall not be present at the 
meeting during discussions on the subject matter of the resolution relating to such related 
party transaction. 

 
 
3. Approval of Shareholders 
 
a) All the Material Related Party Transactions shall require approval of the shareholders 
through resolution prescribed under section 188 of the Act and the Listing Regulation and 
the Related Parties shall abstain from voting on such resolution. 
 
b) All the Transactions, other than the Material Related Party Transaction, with the related 
parties which are not in the Ordinary Course of Business and at Arms’ Length shall, subject 
to the limits mentioned in Rules 15(3) of the Rules, also require the approval of the 
shareholders through resolution prescribed under section 188 of the Act and the Listing 
Regulation and the Related Parties shall abstain from voting on such resolution. 
 
c) Transactions that, require previous approval of Shareholders of the Company, as prescribed 
under rule 15(3) of the Rules, includes the transactions/ contracts/ arrangements as follows: 
(i) sale, purchase or supply of any goods or materials, directly or through appointment of 
agent, exceeding 10% of the audited annual consolidated ‘revenue from operations’ of 
the Company for the last financial year, as mentioned in section 188(1)(a) and (e) of the 
Act; 
(ii) selling or otherwise disposing of or buying property of any kind, directly or through 
appointment of agent, exceeding 10% of audited consolidated net worth of the 
Company for the last financial year, as mentioned in section 188(1)(b) and (e) of the Act; 
(iii) leasing of property of any kind exceeding 10% of the net worth of the Company or 10% 
of audited annual consolidated ‘revenue from operations’ of the Company for the last 
financial year, as mentioned in section 188(1)(c) of the Act; 
(iv) availing or rendering of any services, directly or through appointment of agent, 
exceeding 10% of audited annual consolidated the ‘revenue from operations’ of the 
Company for the last financial year, as mentioned in section 188(1)(d) and (e) of the Act. 
(v) appointment to any office or place of profit in the Company, its subsidiary company or 
associate company at a monthly remuneration exceeding Rs.2,50,000 as mentioned in 
188(1)(f) of the Act; and 
(vi) for remuneration for underwriting the subscription of any securities or derivatives 
thereof, of th e company exceeding one percent of the net worth as as mentioned in 
section 188(1)(g) of the Act. 
 
d) The limits as provided in paragraph 3(c)(i) to (iv) above, shall however apply for transaction 
or transactions to be entered into either individually or taken together with the previous 
transactions during a financial year; 
 
e) However, transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries are exempt for approval of 
shareholders. 
 
4. Transaction not requiring approval of Audit Committee, Board or Shareholders 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following Related Party Transactions shall not require 
approval of Audit Committee, Board or Shareholders: 
 
(i) Any transaction that involves the providing of compensation to a director or Key 
Managerial Personnel in connection with his or her duties to the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries or associates, including the reimbursement of reasonable business and 
travel expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business. 
 
(ii) Any transaction in which the Related Party’s interest arises solely from ownership of 
securities issued by the Company and where all holders of such securities receive the 
same benefits pro rata as the Related Party. 

 
 
L. Criteria for approval of a Related Party Transaction by the board / Audit Committee 
 
a) To review a Related Party Transaction, the Board / Audit Committee will be provided all relevant 
material information of the Related Party Transaction, including the terms of the transaction, the 
business purpose of the transaction, the benefits to the Company and to the Related Party, and 
any other relevant matters. 
 
b) The information provided shall specifically cover the following: 
(i) the name of the related party and nature of relationship; 
(ii) the nature, duration of the contract and particulars of the contract or arrangement; 
(iii) the material terms of the contract or arrangement including the value, if any; 
(iv) any advance paid or received for the contract or arrangement, if any; 
(v) the manner of determining the pricing and other commercial terms, both included as part 
of contract and not considered as part of the contract; 
(vi) whether all factors relevant to the contract have been considered, if not, the details of 
factors not considered with the rationale for not considering those factors; 
(vii) the persons/authority approving the transaction; and 
(viii) any other information relevant or important for the Committee to take a decision on the 
proposed transaction. 
 
c) In determining whether to approve a Related Party Transaction, the Board/ Audit Committee shall 
consider the following factors, amongst others, to the extant relevant to the Related Party 
Transaction: - 
(i) Whether the transaction is in the ordinary course of business of the Company. 
(ii) Whether the terms of the Related Party Transaction are fair and on arm’s length basis to 
the Company and would apply on the same basis if the transaction did not involve a 
Related Party; 
(iii) Whether there are any undue compelling business reasons for the Company to enter into 
the Related Party Transaction and the nature of alternative transactions, if any; 
(iv) Whether the Related Party Transaction would affect the independence of the 
directors/KMP; 
(v) Whether the proposed transaction includes any potential reputational risk issues that may 
arise as a result of or in connection with the proposed transaction; 
(vi) Where the ratification of the Related Party Transaction is allowed by law and is sought 
from the Committee, the reason for not obtaining the prior approval of the Committee and 
the relevance of business urgency and whether subsequent ratification would be 
detrimental to the Company; and 
(vii) Whether the Related Party transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for 
any director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, taking into account the size of 
the transaction, the overall financial position of the director, Executive Officer or other 
Related Party, the direct or indirect nature of the director’s, Key Managerial Personnel’s or 
other Related Party’s interest in the transaction and the ongoing nature of any proposed 
relationship and any other factors the Board/Committee deems relevant. 
 
M. Disclosures 
 
a) Every Director of a Company who is in any way, whether directly or indirectly, concerned or 
interested in a contract or arrangement or proposed contract or arrangement entered into or to 
be entered into— 
(i) With a body corporate in which such director or such director in association with any other 
director, holds more than two per cent. shareholding of that body corporate, or is a 
promoter, manager, Chief Executive Officer of that body corporate; or 

 
 
(ii) With a firm or other entity in which, such director is a partner, owner or member, as the 
case may be, shall disclose the nature of his concern or interest at the meeting of the 
Board in which the contract or arrangement is discussed and shall not participate in such 
meeting: 
 
Provided that where any director who is not so concerned or interested at the time of entering into 
such contract or arrangement, he shall, if he becomes concerned or interested after the contract or 
arrangement is entered into, disclose his concern or interest forthwith when he becomes concerned 
or interested or at the first meeting of the Board held after he becomes so concerned or interested. 
 
b) All Directors/ KMPs are required to disclose the entities in which they or their relatives are or 
deemed to be interested, in the prescribed form. 
 
c) Each Director and KMP of the Company shall promptly notify the Company Secretary of the 
Company of any material transaction or Relationship that could reasonably be expected to give 
rise to any conflict of interest. 
 
d) The Company shall maintain Register pertaining to related party transactions in the prescribed 
form. 
 
e) The related party transaction entered into with the related party/ies shall be disclosed in the 
Director Report / Annul Report as per the disclosure requirement of the Act. 
 
f) The Policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions is disclosed in the company’s website and 
a web link thereto shall be provided in the Annual Report. 
 
g) Details of all material transactions with related parties shall be disclosed, quarterly in the 
Compliance Report on Corporate Governance, as required under listing agreement. 
 
N. Ratification 
 
a) Any Related Party Transaction entered into without obtaining the prior approval of the Audit/ 
Board/ Shareholders(respective authority/ies) may be ratified, subject to the applicable provisions 
of the Act and the Listing Regulation, if post review of the said transaction(s)/ contract(s), the 
appropriate authority is satisfied, that the said Related Party Transaction is not detrimental to the 
interest of the Company, however, the appropriate authority may also ratify such transaction or 
contracts, with or without the modification(s). 
 
b) Where any contract or arrangement is entered into, without obtaining the consent of the Audit 
Committee, Board or approval by a Resolution in the General Meeting and if it is not ratified by 
the Board or, as the case may be, by the shareholders at a meeting within three months from the 
date on which such contractor arrangement was entered into, such contract or arrangement 
shall be voidable at the option of the Board. 
 
c) If the appropriate authority decides, not to approve a particular transaction, it may require the 
Related Party to reimburse the benefits which might have accrued to it and/ or indemnify the 
Company with regard to the subject Related Party Transaction which is not approved by the 
appropriate authority. 
 
d) However, the Related Party transaction which are entered into without the approval of the 
appropriate authority and subsequently not ratified by the appropriate authority, the applicable 
provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulation shall apply. 

 
 
O. Amendments to the Policy 
 
a) The Board of Directors on its own and / or as per the recommendations of Audit Committee can 
amend this Policy, as and when deemed fit. Any or all provisions of this Policy would be subject 
to revision /amendment in accordance with the Rules, Regulations, Notifications etc. on the 
subject as may be issued by relevant statutory authorities, from time to time. 
 
b) In case of any amendment(s), clarification(s), circular(s) etc. issued by the relevant authorities, 
not being consistent with the provisions laid down under this Policy, then such amendment(s), 
clarification(s), circular(s) etc. shall prevail upon the provisions hereunder and this Policy shall 
stand amended accordingly from the effective date as laid down under such amendment(s), 
clarification(s), circular(s) etc. 
 
This Policy will be communicated to all operational employees and other concerned persons of the 
Company. 
 
The approved Policy shall be uploaded under a separate section on the website of the Company at 
http:/topsunenergy.com/. 
 
********** 
 

 
 
ANNEXURE - A 
 
All Related Party Transactions will be subject to following approval matrix, as may be applicable 
 
Provisions Approval Required Remark 
Audit 
Committe
e 
Board of 
Directors 
Sharehold
ers 
(Ordinary 
Resolutio
n) 
Transactions in ordinary course of business 
and on annual arm’s length basis up to 10% 
of annual consolidated turnover of the 
Company 
√ 
Transactions in ordinary course of business 
and on annual arm’s length basis in excess of 
10% of annual consolida ted turnover of the 
Company 
√ √ √ 
Payments made to a Related Party with 
respect to brand usage or royalty up to 5% 
of annual consolidated turnover of the 
Company 
√ 
Payments made to a Related Party with 
respect to brand usage or royalty in excess 
of 5% of annual consolidated turnover of the 
Company 
√ √ √ 
Transactions either not in the ordinary course of business or arm’s length basis 
Sale, purchase or supply of any goods or 
materials, directly or through appointment 
of agent. 
√ √ √* * Amounting to 
10% or more 
of annual 
turnover 
Selling or otherwise disposing of or buying 
property of any kind, directly or through 
appointment of agent. 
√ √ √* * Amounting to 
10% or more 
of net worth 
Leasing of property of any kind. √ √ √* * Amounting to 
10% or more 
of annual 
turnover 
Availing or rendering of any services, directly 
or through appointment of agent 
√ √ √* * Amounting to 
10% or more 
of annual 
turnover 
Appointment to any office or place of profit 
in the company, its subsidiary company or 
associate company 
√ √ √* * Remuneration 
exceeds Rs. 
250,000 per 
month 
Underwriting the subscription of any 
securities of the company or derivatives 
thereof 
√ √ √* * Remuneration 
exceeds 1% of 
net worth 
* Note: In case of shareholders’ approval for such transactions, rela ted parties that are parties to the 
contract shall abstain from voting.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://topsunenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/04/Vigil_Mechanism_Whistle_Blower_Policy_for_Directors_and_Employees.pdf

VIGIL MECHANISM/WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY FOR DIRECTORS AND EMPLOYEES 
 
A. Preamble 
 
Topsun Energy Limited (the "Company") is committed on the highest standards of ethical, 
moral and legal conduct of business operations. Unethical behavior, fraud, violation of the 
Codes of conduct or policy, or leak of unpublished price sensitive information pertaining to the 
company can lead to damage of the Company’s activities and reputation. 
 
The Company encourages all its employees including Directors to report in good faith without 
fear of punishment or unfair treatment, on actual or suspected actions due to dishonesty that 
require combating practices to safeguard Company’s integrity. 
 
The Company has therefore, formulated a policy to enable employees of the Company to report 
to the management instances of fraud or violation of the Company’s code of conduct or ethics 
policy and has lays down the principles and standards that should govern the actions of the 
Company and their employees. Any actual or potential violation of the policy howsoever 
insignificant or perceived as such, would be a matter of serious concern for the Company. 
 
Accordingly, the Board has on 01st April, 2025 has adopted the following Vigil 
Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy for Directors and Employees ("Code"). 
 
B. Basic Guidelines 
 
The Code has been framed and adopted by the Company in compliance with the provisions of 
Section 177(9) of the Companies Act, 2013 (the " Act") read with rule 7 of the Companies 
(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (the "Rules") and regulation 22 of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (the " Listing Regulations”), which requires mandatory establishment of vigil mechanism 
for the directors and employees of the Company to report their genuine concerns in the 
prescribed manner. 
 
Reference to statutory provisions or regulations shall be construed as meaning and including 
references to any amendment or re-enactment and any amendments to any statutory 
provisions or regulations or clarifications applicable to the Code shall automatically be deemed 
to be included in the Code, without any further amendment of the Code by the Board or 
relevant committee of the Board. 
 
C. Object 
 
The Policy is defined to: 
 
a) provide a framework for a fair and efficient way of dealing with whistleblowing 
incidences by respecting the rights of all parties involved; 
 
b) transparently communicate Company’s investigation process on such reporting; 
 
c) assure the whistle blower (one who reports in good faith) on utmost confidentiality and 
effective protection against any retaliation or reprisals, whether actual or threatened, as 
a result of whistleblowing; 
 
d) affirm direct access to the CEO / Chairman of the Audit Committee in exceptional cases. 

 
 
 
D. In scope 
 
Concerns about misconduct / malpractices as broadly categorized but not limited to under the 
section in this document – ‘Whistleblowing Complaints’ - committed by the employees of the 
Company while inside or outside of all the Company’s premises, which can impact company’s 
integrity, ethics and governing law of land where it operates. 
 
E. Out scope 
 
Everyday team or operational concerns, which can be resolved through discussion with 
immediate superiors or next level management, are not included in. 
 
F. Laws and Regulations 
 
a) Section 177(9) of the Act and Rule 7 of the Rules requires every listed company and such 
class or classes of companies, as may be prescribed to establish a vigil mechanism for 
the employees and directors to report genuine concerns in such manner as may be 
prescribed. The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior 
Management Executives ("Directors and Senior Management Code"), which lays down 
the principles and standards that should govern the actions of the Company and its 
employees. 
 
b) Regulation 4(2)(d)(iv), 22 and 46(2) the Listing Regulations inter alia, provides all listed 
companies to establish a Vigil Mechanism for directors and employees to report 
genuine concerns. 
 
c) Regulation 9A (6) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading Regulations), 2015 ("Insider Trading Regulations") requires that every listed 
company establishes a Whistle Blower Policy ("Policy") for the purposes of reporting 
instances of leak of unpublished price sensitive information. 
 
G. Related reference documents 
 
Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management Executives Internal Procedures and 
Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading Policy 
[insert] 
 
H. Definitions and Interpretation 
 
In this Code, words and expressions shall have the meaning assigned to them below: 
 
"Alleged wrongful conduct" shall mean violation of law, Infringement of Company’s rules, 
misappropriation of monies, actual or suspected fraud, leak of 
unpublished price sensitive information as defined under the 
Insider Trading Regulations, substantial and specific danger to 
public health and safety or abuse of authority. 
 
"Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company; 
 
"Directors" shall mean all the members of the Board of Directors of the 
Company, including the Independent Directors. 

 
 
 
"Code" shall mean Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior 
Management Executives adopted by the Company 
 
"Company" shall mean Topsun Energy Limited 
 
"Audit Committee" shall mean a committee constituted by the Board of Directors of 
the Company in accordance with the Act and the Listing 
Regulations. 
 
"Employee" shall mean all the present employees and Directors of the 
Company (including outsourced, temporary and on contract 
personnel, director and/or third -party engaged by or on -behalf 
of the Company, whether working in India or abroad. 
 
"Good Faith" An employee shall be deemed to be communicating in ‘good 
faith’ if there is a reasonable basis for communication of 
unethical and improper practices or any other alleged wrongful 
conduct. Good Faith shall be deemed lacking when the 
employee does not have personal knowledge on a factual basis 
for the communication or where the employee knew or 
reasonably should have known that the communication about 
the unethical and improper practices or alleged wrongful 
conduct is malicious, false or frivolous. 
 
"Policy" shall mean this Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower policy. 
 
"Vigilance Officer" shall mean an officer appointed to receive protected disclosures 
from whistle blowers, maintaining records thereof, placing the 
same before the Audit Committee for its disposal and informing 
the Whistle Blower the result thereof. 
 
"Protected Disclosure" shall mean a concern r aised by an employee or group of 
employees of the Company, through a written communication 
and made in good faith which discloses or demonstrates 
information that may evidence unethical or improper activity 
under the title "Scope of the Policy" with respect to the 
Company. It should be factual and not speculative or in the 
nature of an interpretation / conclusion and should contain as 
much specific information as possible to allow for proper 
assessment of the nature and extent of the concern. 
 
"Subject" shall mean a person or group of persons against or in relation to 
whom a Protected Disclosure is made or evidence gathered 
during the course of an investigation. 
 
"Whistle Blower" means an Employee making a Protected Disclosure under this 
Policy. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
I. Applicability 
 
All Employees of the Company are eligible to make Protected Disclosures under the Policy. The 
Protected Disclosures will be in relation to matters concerning the Company. 
 
J. Types of misconduct and complaints 
 
Types of misconducts due to dishonesty that can be reported as Whistleblowing complaints are 
broadly categorized, but not limited to, as listed below: 
 
1. Fraud related. Complaints under this category include acts of financial misconduct such as 
accounting fraud or Asset related fraud or Breach of Law or Leak of unpublished price sensitive 
information etc. 
 
2. Corruption related. Complaints against staff, contractors, suppliers and borrowers (and / or 
their affiliates) that can be reported under this category include acts of corruption, bribery, theft 
etc. 
 
3. Workplace related. Complaints under this category includes acts of (a) work-place harassment; 
(b) sexual harassment including verbal abuse; (c) intimidation/Threatening; (d) conflict of 
interest (includes gifts, favors and entertainment by / to internal other staff or third-parties); (e) 
willful negligence of company rules; (f) discrimination on grounds of sex, race or disability or 
religion (g) Nepotism etc. 
 
4. Others. Complaints under this category includes acts of (a) Any illegality or manipulation; (b) 
Damage to environment; (c) Gross Waste of money, material, time or resources; (d) Abuse of 
authority; (e) Substantial and specific danger to public health or safety; and (f) Any other 
activity, which undermines the Company’s responsibility to its stakeholders. 
 
K. Role of a Whistle Blower 
 
The Whistle Blower’s role is that of a reporting party with reliable information. They are not 
required or expected to act as investigator(s) or finder(s) of facts, nor would they determine the 
appropriate corrective or remedial action that may be warranted in a given case. Whistle Blowers 
should not act on their own in conducting any investigative activities, nor do they have a right to 
participate in any investigative activities other than as requested by the Audit Committee or the 
Investigator(s). Protected Disclosure will be appropriately dealt with by the Audit Committee. 
 
L. Disqualifications 
 
While it will be ensured that genuine Whistle Blowers are given complete protection from any kind 
of unfair treatment as herein set out, any abuse of this protection will attract disciplinary action. 
Protection under this Policy would not mean protection from disciplinary action arising out of false 
or bogus allegations made by a Whistle Blower knowing it to be false or bogus or with a mala fide 
intention. Whistle Blowers, who make three or more Protected Disclosures, which have been 
subsequently found to be mala fide, frivolous, baseless, malicious, or reported otherwise than in 
good faith, will be disqualified from reporting further Protected Disclosures under this Policy. In 
respect of such Whistle Blowers, the Company/ Audit Committee would reserve its right to 
take/recommend appropriate disciplinary action. 
 
 
 

 
 
M. Procedure 
 
1. Your raised concern/issue in good faith is a ‘protected disclosure’. Management recommends all 
employees to have clear understanding of reporting procedure by self, without depending on 
anybody. This can not only ensure confidentiality for the reporter by not giving any clue to a 
second person on one’s intention to raise the concern, but also helps on information not getting 
divulged. 
 
2. All Protected Disclosures should be reported by the complainant at the earliest after the Whistle 
Blower becomes aware of the issue / concern with clear understanding. 
 
3. The reporting should be either emailed or typed or when written, must be in legible handwriting 
in English. 
 
4. While submitting the protected disclosure, it is mandatory to super scribe the email or envelop 
as, ‘Protected disclosure under the Whistle Blower policy’. 
 
5. If the complaint is not super scribed and closed, it will be impossible to upkeep confidentiality 
and might be treated as normal complaint. 
 
6. The Protected Disclosures can also be reported verbally, either personally or over telephone to 
the Chairman of the Audit Committee, which should be followed by a written communication. It 
is suggested that the Protected Disclosure should be forwarded under a covering letter which 
shall bear the identity of the Whistle Blower. 
 
7. The disclosure has to be complete and supported by facts and figures to enable proper scrutiny 
and investigation. Protected Disclosures should be factual and not speculative or in the nature 
of a conclusion, and should contain as much specific information as possible to enable proper 
assessment of the nature and extent of the concern and the urgency of a preliminary 
investigative procedure. 
 
8. In order to protect identity of the complainant, the Vigilance Officer will not issue any 
acknowledgement to the complainant(s) and they are advised neither to write their name/ 
address on the envelope nor to enter into any further correspondence with the Vigilance 
Officer. 
 
9. The Vigilance Officer shall get in touch with the complainant when in need of any further 
clarification and hence, anonymous / pseudonymous disclosure shall not be entertained by the 
Vigilance Officer. 
 
10. Name and signature of the complainant or whistleblower must only be on the covering letter. 
 
11. The Vigilance Officer/, shall detach the covering letter bearing the identity of the Whistleblower 
and process only the Protected Disclosure. 
 
12. All Protected Disclosures should be addressed to the Vigilance Officer of the Company or to the 
Chairman of Audit Committee in exceptional cases. The contact details of the Vigilance and 
Ethics Officer is as under: - 
 
Name – Maheshbhai Kumbhani 
Address – 703, Sapath Complex -I, Opp Rajpath Club, Near Madhur Hotel, Bodakdev, 
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, 380054 
Email – info@teerthgopicon.com 
 

 
 
13. Protected Disclosure against the Vigilance Officer should be addressed to the CEO of the 
Company and the Protected Disclosure against the CEO of the Company should be addressed to 
the Chairman of the Audit Committee. 
 
14. On receipt of the protected disclosure the Vigilance Officer/ Chairman of Audit Committee, as 
the case may be, shall make a record of the Protected Disclosure and also ascertain from the 
complainant whether he was the person who made the protected disclosure or not. 
 
15. The initial investigation shall be carried out either by himself or by the assigned Officer of the 
Company or an outside agency before referring the matter to the Audit Committee of the 
Company for further appropriate investigation and needful action. 
 
16. Here is a short checklist of information for the employee/the reporter/whistleblower to ensure 
all details are mentioned. 
 
Date(s) of incident(s) 
Type of incident 
Description of incident(s)/details of concerns 
Where did it happen? 
Who has been involved? 
If possible, explain how you think the matter 
can be best resolved or start thinking about it 
in preparation for any meetings you may be 
required to attend (if you have shared your 
identity) 
 
If you feel comfortable sharing your identity 
then please provide us with your name, your 
work location and contact details. 
 
 
17. The Audit Committee maintains the record that includes: 
a) Brief of concern raised; 
b) Whether the same Protected Disclosure was raised previously by anyone, and if so, the 
outcome thereof; 
c) Details of actions taken by Vigilance Officer / for processing the complaint; 
d) Findings of the Audit Committee; and 
e) The recommendations of the Audit Committee / other action(s). 
 
N. Investigation 
 
1. All protected disclosures under this policy will be recorded and thoroughly investigated. The 
Audit Committee may investigate and may at its discretion consider involving any other Officer 
of the Company and/ or an outside agency for the purpose of investigation. In case of protected 
disclosure concerning any leak of unpublished price sensitive information, the procedure to be 
followed for investigation thereof will be as per the Policy on Procedure and Inquiry in case of 
Leak of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information of the Company. 
 
2. The Audit Committee may at its discretion, consider involving any Investigator(s) for the 
purpose of investigation. All Protected Disclosures reported under this Policy will be thoroughly 
investigated by the Investigator(s) appointed by the Audit Committee who will investigate the 
matter under the authorization of the Audit Committee. 
 
 

 
 
3. The decision to conduct an investigation is by itself not an accusation and is to be treated as a 
neutral fact-finding process. 
 
4. The identity of a Subject(s) will be kept confidential to the extent possible keeping in mind the 
legitimate needs of law and the investigation. 
 
5. Subject(s) will normally be informed in writing of the allegations at the outset of a formal 
investigation and have opportunities for providing their inputs during the investigation, after the 
conclusion of initial review and findings which prima facie establish a need for a formal 
investigation. 
 
6. Subject(s) shall have a duty to co -operate with the Audit Committee or any of the Officers 
appointed by it in this regard. 
 
7. Subject(s) have a right to consult with a person or persons of their choice, other than the 
Vigilance and Ethics Officer / Investigators and/or members of the Audit Committee and/or the 
Whistle Blower. 
 
8. Subject(s) shall be free at any time to engage counsel at their own cost to represent them in the 
investigation proceedings. 
 
9. Subject(s) have a responsibility not to interfere with the investigation. Evidence shall not be 
withheld, destroyed or tampered with and witness shall not be influenced, coached, threatened 
or intimidated by the subject(s). 
 
10. Unless there are compelling reasons not to do so, subject(s) will be given the opportunity to 
respond to material findings contained in the investigation report. No allegation of wrong-doing 
against a subject(s) shall be considered as maintainable unless there is good evidence in support 
of the allegation. 
 
11. Subject(s) have a right to be informed of the outcome of the investigations. 
 
12. The outcome of the investigation may not support the conclusion of the Whistle Blower that an 
improper or unethical act was committed. 
 
13. If allegations are not sustained, the Subject should be consulted as to whether public disclosure 
of the investigation results would be in the best interest of the Subject and the Company. 
 
14. The investigation shall be completed normally within 30 days of the receipt of the Protected 
Disclosure and is extendable by such period as the Audit Committee deems fit. 
 
O. Decision reporting 
 
1. If an investigation leads the Vigilance Officer / Chairman of the Audit Committee to conclude 
that an improper or unethical act has been committed, the Vigilance Officer / Chairman of the 
Audit Committee shall recommend to the management of the Company to take such disciplinary 
or corrective action as he may deem fit. It is clarified that any disciplinary or corrective action 
initiated against the Subject as a result of the findings of an investigation pursuant to this Policy 
shall adhere to the applicable personnel or staff conduct and disciplinary procedures. 
 
2. In case of investigation pertaining to leak of unpublished price sensitive information, decision 
and reporting shall be done in accordance with the procedure prescribed under the Policy on 
Procedure and Inquiry in case of Leak of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information of the 
Company. 

 
 
3. The Vigilance Officer shall submit a report to the Chairman of Audit Committee on a regular 
basis about all Protected Disclosures referred to him/her since the last report together with the 
results of investigations, if any. 
 
4. In case the Subject is the Vigilant Officer of the Company and the Chairman of the Audit 
Committee after examining the Protected Disclosure shall forward the protected disclosure to 
other members of the Audit Committee if deemed fit. The Audit Committee shall appropriately 
and expeditiously investigate the Protected Disclosure. 
 
5. A complainant who makes false allegations of unethical & improper practices or about alleged 
wrongful conduct of the subject to the Vigilance Officer or the Audit Committee shall be subject 
to appropriate disciplinary action in accordance with the rules, procedures and policies of the 
Company. 
 
P. Confidentiality 
 
1. All whistleblowers/complainant should be aware that there are significant rights and 
protections available to individuals who identify themselves while submitting a Protected 
Disclosure. These rights and protections may be lost if a Protected Disclosure is on anonymous 
basis. Therefore, the Company encourages all Employees to identify themselves when making a 
Protected Disclosure. 
 
2. In responding to Protected Disclosure, the complainant, Vigilance Officer, Members of Audit 
Committee, the Subject and everybody involved in the process shall pay due regard to: 
a) Maintain confidentiality of all matters under this Policy; 
b) Discuss only to the extent or with those persons as required under this policy; for 
completing the process of investigations; 
c) Not keep the papers unattended anywhere at any time; and 
d) Keep the electronic mails / files under password. 
 
Q. Protection 
 
1. The management of the Company and the staff are unanimously committed to this policy. This 
Whistleblower Policy is intended to encourage and enable all staff to raise serious 
issues/concerns within the organization for investigation and appropriate action. 
 
2. With this goal in mind, if/when a genuine issue or concern is raised under this policy, the 
employee who reports will not be threatened, discriminated against or otherwise face 
retaliation or, undergo adverse employment consequences such as risk of losing his/her job or 
suffering any detriment (such as reprisal or victimization). 
 
3. Any other Employee assisting in the said investigation shall also be protected to the same extent 
as the Whistle Blower 
 
4. No unfair treatment will be meted out to a Whistle Blower by virtue of his/her having reported a 
Protected Disclosure under this Policy. The Company, as a policy, condemns any kind of 
discrimination, harassment, victimization or any other unfair employment practice being 
adopted against Whistle Blowers. 
 
5. Complete protection will, therefore, be given to Whistle Blowers against any unfair practice like 
retaliation, threat or intimidation of termination / suspension of service, disciplinary ation, 
transfer, demotion, refusal of promotion, or the like including any direct or indirect use of 
authority to obstruct the Whistle Blower’s right to continue to perform his duties / functions 
including making further Protected Disclosure. 

 
 
6. The Company will take steps to minimize difficulties, which the Whistle Blower may experience 
as a result of making the Protected Disclosure. 
 
7. Moreover, anyone who retaliates against someone who has reported a concern in good faith 
has to face discipline-up to violation of code of conduct matrix. 
 
8. Thus, if the Whistle Blower is required to give evidence in criminal or disciplinary proceedings, 
the Company will arrange for the Whistle Blower to receive advice about the procedure, etc. 
 
9. The identity of the Whistle Blower shall be kept confidential to the extent possible and 
permitted under law. 
 
10. Whistle Blowers are cautioned that their identity may become known for reasons outside the 
control of the Audit Committee (e.g. during investigations carried out by Investigator(s)). 
 
Provided the reporting is in good faith (effectively this means honestly), it does not matter if the 
employee who reports is genuinely mistaken or if there is an innocent explanation for his/her 
concerns. However, this assurance is not extended to those who maliciously raise a matter they 
know is untrue. Anyone reporting an issue/concern must act in good faith and have reasonable 
grounds for believing the matter raised is a serious violation of judicial law or company policy or a 
material accounting or auditing matter. The act of making allegations that prove to be 
unsubstantiated, and/or have been made maliciously, or with the foreknowledge that the 
allegations are false, will be viewed as a serious disciplinary offense and will face actions according 
to violation of code of conduct matrix. 
 
R. Investigator(s) 
 
Investigator(s) are required to conduct a process towards fact -finding and analysis. Investigator(s) 
shall derive their authority and rights from the Audit Committee when acting within the course and 
scope of their investigation. Technical and other resources may be drawn upon as necessary to 
augment the investigation. All Investigators shall be independent and unbiased. Investigators will 
have a duty of fairness, objectivity, thoroughness, ethical behavior, and observance of legal and 
professional standards. Investigations will be launched only after a preliminary review which 
establishes that a) the alleged act constitutes an improper or unethical activity or conduct and b) the 
allegation is supported by information specific enough to be investigated. 
 
S. Access to Chairman of the Audit Committee 
 
The Whistle Blower shall have right to access Chairman of the Audit Committee directly in 
exceptional cases and the Chairman of the Audit Committee is authorized to prescribe suitable 
directions in this regard. 
 
T. Communication 
 
Proof on awareness programs conducted on implementation and sustenance of this framework is 
always available with the HR department. 
 
U. Retention of documents 
 
All Protected disclosures in writing or documented along with the results of Investigation relating 
thereto, shall be retained by the Company for a period of 7 (seven) years or such other period as 
specified by any other law in force, whichever is more. 
 

 
 
V. Administration and review of the Policy 
 
The Managing Directorand Chairman of Audit Committee of the Company shall be responsible for 
the administration, interpretation application and review of this policy. The Managing Director and 
Chairman of Audit Committee of the Company also shall be empowered to bring about necessary 
changes to this Policy, if required at any stage with the concurrence of the Audit Committee. 
 
W. Amendment 
 
The Company reserves its right to amend or modify this Policy in whole or in part, at any time 
without assigning any reason whatsoever. However, no such amendment or modification will be 
binding on the Employees and Directors unless the same is notified to them in writing. 
 
 
**********

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------