ROOT: https://ameresco.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T19:48:50.785740Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://ameresco.com/

Ameresco, Inc. (NYSE:AMRC) is a leading energy infrastructure solutions provider dedicated to helping customers reduce costs, enhance resilience, and decarbonize to net zero in the global energy transition. Our comprehensive portfolio includes implementing smart energy efficiency solutions, upgrading aging infrastructure, and developing, constructing, and operating distributed energy resources.
As a trusted full-service partner, Ameresco shows the way by reducing energy use and delivering energy infrastructure solutions to Federal, state and local governments, utilities, data centers, educational and healthcare institutions, housing authorities, and commercial and industrial customers. We provide local expertise across the US, Canada, UK and Europe.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/company/

February 9, 2026
Ameresco, Inc. (NYSE:AMRC) is a leading energy infrastructure solutions provider dedicated to helping customers reduce costs, enhance resilience, and decarbonize to net zero in the global energy transition. Our comprehensive portfolio includes implementing smart energy efficiency solutions, upgrading aging infrastructure, and developing, constructing, and operating distributed energy resources.
Our solutions range from upgrades to facility’s energy infrastructure to the development, construction and operation of renewable energy plants combined with tailored financial solutions. We work with customers on both sides of the meter to reduce operating expenses, upgrade and maintain facilities, stabilize energy costs, improve occupancy comfort levels, increase energy reliability and enhance the environment.
Leveraging budget neutral solutions — including energy savings performance contracts (ESPCs), power purchase agreements (PPAs) and off-balance sheet energy as a service (EaaS) contracts — we eliminate the financial barriers that traditionally hamper energy efficiency and renewable energy projects. As a trusted full-service partner, Ameresco shows the way by reducing energy use and delivering energy infrastructure solutions to Federal, state and local governments, utilities, data centers, educational and healthcare institutions, housing authorities, and commercial and industrial customers.
The company was founded in 2000 by George Sakellaris, a pioneer in the energy service business. To best serve our wide-ranging customer base, Ameresco has over 50 regional offices located throughout North America and Europe. Our deep bench of energy and business professionals have years of experience and the resources needed to successfully plan, execute and finance projects that will create sustained economic and operating benefits to fulfill each customer’s unique requirements.
Ameresco’s mission is to be a trusted full-service energy partner delivering resilient, responsible, innovate solutions – grounded in our relentless focus on customer satisfaction. We are driven by our vision to energize a sustainable world.
Vision, Mission & Values
Ameresco’s vision, mission, and C.A.R.I.N.G. values shape our culture and inform our business practices. We have become a leading energy solutions provider by approaching our business with a specific set of values and goals. Our values are demonstrated in the way we work to meet the energy, resiliency, and sustainability goals of our customers and stakeholders.
Our Vision
Energizing a sustainable world.
Our Mission
To be a trusted full-service energy partner delivering resilient, responsible, innovative solutions – grounded in our relentless focus on customer satisfaction and our commitment to creating value.
Our C.A.R.I.N.G. Values
Ameresco’s C.A.R.I.N.G. values shape our culture and inform our business practices. These principles guide our interactions with stakeholders and are fundamental to our people and our professional conduct.
- Committed: We are committed to being dedicated, engaged, and accountable to ourselves, to our stakeholders, and towards our shared goals.
- Attitude: Our can-do attitude means approaching scenarios as a team with a solution-oriented, positive, and proactive mindset.
- Resourceful: We are resourceful in solving challenges, doing more with less, and adapting creatively to changing circumstances.
- Integrity: Our integrity ensures we do the right thing together with consistent and high ethical standards grounded in honesty, safety, and respect.
- Nimble: We stay nimble and embrace flexibility while navigating change with an entrepreneurial spirit, passion, and innovation.
- Greatness: We lead the industry with greatness as One Ameresco – embracing excellence, skilled execution and lasting impact to unlock the possibilities of today and tomorrow.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/george-p-sakellaris-p-e/

George Sakellaris
President and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Sakellaris is the President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ameresco, Inc. (NYSE:AMRC), a leading energy solutions provider headquartered in Framingham, MA.
A visionary and entrepreneur, Mr. Sakellaris founded Ameresco in April 2000. He aspired to build an entirely product-neutral and supplier-independent energy company that had the skills, capabilities and foresight to create independent energy solutions that went beyond just conservation; one that addressed a customer’s entire energy stream including supply and demand, energy efficiency and renewable energy.
Early in his career, Mr. Sakellaris worked at the utility New England Electric System (NEES), where he welcomed the challenge to establish NEES Energy, a company that would promote energy efficiency, thereby avoiding the need to build new power generation plants. Mr. Sakellaris then purchased the business known as NEES Energy in 1991 and renamed it NORESCO. He built NORESCO into a an industry-leading independent energy services company before selling it to Equitable Resources in 1997, where he continued to lead NORESCO and was also appointed as a Senior Vice President of Equitable Resources (NYSE:EQT), a Fortune 500 Energy Company.
Today, Mr. Sakellaris leads Ameresco, a public company, employing over 1,000. Ameresco continues to grow and thrive, and currently supports more than 60 local offices throughout North America and the United Kingdom.
With more than 30 years of experience in the energy industry, Mr. Sakellaris has worked to create budget-neutral business models for energy efficiency and renewable energy projects. Mr. Sakellaris’ dedication and influence in promoting energy efficiency dates back to his involvement with the Electrical Power Research Institute (EPRI) where he championed the development of demand side management (DSM) programs that were widely implemented across the country. Additionally, he was a founding member of the National Association of Energy Service Companies (NAESCO) where he served as the first president and advocated for the new industry. He remains an active NAESCO member today.
Mr. Sakellaris earned both M.B.A and M.S.E.E. degrees from Northeastern University and a B.S.E.E. degree from the University of Maine – Orono. In May 2012, the University of Maine granted him an Honorary Doctorate for his lifetime of achievements, recognizing his dedication and exemplary leadership in the field of energy efficiency and renewable energy.
Mr. Sakellaris was the recipient of the 2015 Finance Monthly CEO Award, Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year 2011 New England, Energy, Cleantech & Natural Resources Award. In 2012, he was named the Worcester Business Journal’s Business Leader of the Year for large businesses and also honored by The Boston Globe for Ameresco’s Globe-100 Top-performing Public Companies #29 ranking. The Boston Business Journal ranked Ameresco #31 in the Area’s Fastest Growing Public Companies and #49 in Massachusetts’ 150 Top Public Companies. In 2011, Ameresco was honored on the Forbes 100 list as one of America’s Best Small Companies and in 2010, as the New England Clean Energy Council Employer of the Year.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/company/?s=

February 9, 2026
Ameresco, Inc. (NYSE:AMRC) is a leading energy infrastructure solutions provider dedicated to helping customers reduce costs, enhance resilience, and decarbonize to net zero in the global energy transition. Our comprehensive portfolio includes implementing smart energy efficiency solutions, upgrading aging infrastructure, and developing, constructing, and operating distributed energy resources.
Our solutions range from upgrades to facility’s energy infrastructure to the development, construction and operation of renewable energy plants combined with tailored financial solutions. We work with customers on both sides of the meter to reduce operating expenses, upgrade and maintain facilities, stabilize energy costs, improve occupancy comfort levels, increase energy reliability and enhance the environment.
Leveraging budget neutral solutions — including energy savings performance contracts (ESPCs), power purchase agreements (PPAs) and off-balance sheet energy as a service (EaaS) contracts — we eliminate the financial barriers that traditionally hamper energy efficiency and renewable energy projects. As a trusted full-service partner, Ameresco shows the way by reducing energy use and delivering energy infrastructure solutions to Federal, state and local governments, utilities, data centers, educational and healthcare institutions, housing authorities, and commercial and industrial customers.
The company was founded in 2000 by George Sakellaris, a pioneer in the energy service business. To best serve our wide-ranging customer base, Ameresco has over 50 regional offices located throughout North America and Europe. Our deep bench of energy and business professionals have years of experience and the resources needed to successfully plan, execute and finance projects that will create sustained economic and operating benefits to fulfill each customer’s unique requirements.
Ameresco’s mission is to be a trusted full-service energy partner delivering resilient, responsible, innovate solutions – grounded in our relentless focus on customer satisfaction. We are driven by our vision to energize a sustainable world.
Vision, Mission & Values
Ameresco’s vision, mission, and C.A.R.I.N.G. values shape our culture and inform our business practices. We have become a leading energy solutions provider by approaching our business with a specific set of values and goals. Our values are demonstrated in the way we work to meet the energy, resiliency, and sustainability goals of our customers and stakeholders.
Our Vision
Energizing a sustainable world.
Our Mission
To be a trusted full-service energy partner delivering resilient, responsible, innovative solutions – grounded in our relentless focus on customer satisfaction and our commitment to creating value.
Our C.A.R.I.N.G. Values
Ameresco’s C.A.R.I.N.G. values shape our culture and inform our business practices. These principles guide our interactions with stakeholders and are fundamental to our people and our professional conduct.
- Committed: We are committed to being dedicated, engaged, and accountable to ourselves, to our stakeholders, and towards our shared goals.
- Attitude: Our can-do attitude means approaching scenarios as a team with a solution-oriented, positive, and proactive mindset.
- Resourceful: We are resourceful in solving challenges, doing more with less, and adapting creatively to changing circumstances.
- Integrity: Our integrity ensures we do the right thing together with consistent and high ethical standards grounded in honesty, safety, and respect.
- Nimble: We stay nimble and embrace flexibility while navigating change with an entrepreneurial spirit, passion, and innovation.
- Greatness: We lead the industry with greatness as One Ameresco – embracing excellence, skilled execution and lasting impact to unlock the possibilities of today and tomorrow.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ir.ameresco.com/company-information/faq

- What is Ameresco, Inc.'s stock symbol?
Our stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol AMRC.
- When was Ameresco, Inc. incorporated?
2000
- When did Ameresco, Inc. become a public company?
2010
- Where is Ameresco, Inc. located?
111 Speen Street
Suite 410
Framingham, MA 01701- When is Ameresco, Inc.'s fiscal year end?
December 31st
- Who is Ameresco, Inc.'s transfer agent?
American Stock Transfer and Trust Company LLC
6201 15th Avenue
Brooklyn, NY 11219
T: (800) 937-5449- Who is Ameresco, Inc.'s independent auditor?
RSM US LLP
80 City Square
Boston, MA 02129
T: 617-912-9000
Market Data copyright © 2026 QuoteMedia. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated (view delay times for all exchanges). RT=Real-Time, EOD=End of Day, PD=Previous Day. Market Data powered by QuoteMedia. Terms of Use.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ir.ameresco.com/company-information/contacts

Investor Relations
ADVISIRY PARTNERS
Eric Prouty
eric.prouty@advisiry.com
ADVISIRY PARTNERS
Lynn Morgen
lynn.morgen@advisiry.com
Transfer Agent
American Stock Transfer and Trust Company LLC
6201 15th Avenue
Brooklyn, NY 11219
T: (800) 937-5449
Auditor
RSM US LLP
80 City Square
Boston, MA 02129
T: 617-912-9000

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ir.ameresco.com/company-information/management-team

George P. Sakellaris, P.E.
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Sakellaris is the President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ameresco, Inc. (NYSE:AMRC), a leading energy efficiency and renewable energy company headquartered in Framingham, MA.
A visionary and entrepreneur, Mr. Sakellaris founded Ameresco in April 2000. He aspired to build an entirely product-neutral and supplier-independent energy company that had the skills, capabilities and foresight to create independent energy solutions that went beyond just conservation; one that addressed a customer’s entire energy stream including supply and demand, energy efficiency and renewable energy.
Early in his career, Mr. Sakellaris worked at the utility New England Electric System (NEES), where he welcomed the challenge to establish NEES Energy, a company that would promote energy efficiency, thereby avoiding the need to build new power generation plants. Mr. Sakellaris then purchased the business known as NEES Energy in 1991 and renamed it NORESCO. He built NORESCO into a an industry-leading independent energy services company before selling it to Equitable Resources in 1997, where he continued to lead NORESCO and was also appointed as a Senior Vice President of Equitable Resources (NYSE:EQT), a Fortune 500 Energy Company.
Today, Mr. Sakellaris leads Ameresco, a public company, employing over 1,000. Ameresco continues to grow and thrive, and currently supports more than 70 local offices throughout North America and the United Kingdom.
With more than 30 years of experience in the energy industry, Mr. Sakellaris has worked to create budget-neutral business models for energy efficiency and renewable energy projects. Mr. Sakellaris’ dedication and influence in promoting energy efficiency dates back to his involvement with the Electrical Power Research Institute (EPRI) where he championed the development of demand side management (DSM) programs that were widely implemented across the country. Additionally, he was a founding member of the National Association of Energy Service Companies (NAESCO) where he served as the first president and advocated for the new industry. He remains an active NAESCO member today.
Mr. Sakellaris earned both M.B.A and M.S.E.E. degrees from Northeastern University and a B.S.E.E. degree from the University of Maine – Orono. In May 2012, the University of Maine granted him an Honorary Doctorate for his lifetime of achievements, recognizing his dedication and exemplary leadership in the field of energy efficiency and renewable energy.
Mr. Sakellaris was the recipient of the 2015 Finance Monthly CEO Award, Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year 2011 New England, Energy, Cleantech & Natural Resources Award. In 2012, he was named the Worcester Business Journal’s Business Leader of the Year for large businesses and also honored by The Boston Globe for Ameresco’s Globe-100 Top-performing Public Companies #29 ranking. The Boston Business Journal ranked Ameresco #31 in the Area’s Fastest Growing Public Companies and #49 in Massachusetts’ 150 Top Public Companies. In 2011, Ameresco was honored on the Forbes 100 list as one of America’s Best Small Companies and in 2010, as the New England Clean Energy Council Employer of the Year.
Michael T. Bakas
President of Renewable Fuels
Mr. Bakas is President of Renewable Fuels at Ameresco, a leading cleantech integrator and renewable energy asset developer, owner and operator. He is a member of the founding management team of the 24-year-old public company (NYSE: AMRC) and plays a key role shaping Ameresco’s strategic direction and driving its growth.
With nearly 35 years of experience in the energy industry, Mr. Bakas leads the development and expansion of the company’s renewable fuels assets, which includes one of the most robust pipelines of complex facilities in the country. These comprehensive energy supply assets have been recognized by and won numerous awards from the U.S. EPA, Department of Energy, California Legislature, Energy Vision, Climate Change Business Journal, state agencies, and other leading industry organizations.
A pioneer in the renewable energy industry, Mr. Bakas developed some of the earliest advanced clean energy projects that helped shape the markets in those states that first implemented renewable portfolio standards, beginning in Massachusetts in 2001 with Ameresco’s first “green” biogas-to-energy power plant. Ever since, he has championed the growth of the company’s renewable energy asset portfolio making it one of the leading energy services providers in North America. Ameresco has been recognized multiple times by the U.S. EPA as an Industry Partner of the Year and U.S. House of Representatives for its contribution to environmental stewardship through its innovative green energy projects. In 2024, the California Legislature recognized Ameresco for developing the largest landfill gas-to-renewable natural gas (RNG) project in the state..
Mr. Bakas has been instrumental in fostering and supporting legislation that promotes the use of renewable resources and has served on the Board of Directors for the Northeast Clean Energy Council as well as the Advisory Board for Microgrid Knowledge, the Leadership Advisory Board for Sustainability at the Coalition for Renewable Natural Gas, and the Board of Advisors for the Advanced Energy Group.
He is frequently called upon by the investment community to discuss relevant market conditions, trends in the green energy sector, and corporate strategies.
Over his career, Mr. Bakas has been tapped to provide his expertise and guidance regarding energy issues throughout the United States and to participate in discussions setting direction for Federal, state, and local energy policy including, but not limited to, providing expert testimony before the Clean Air Congressional Roundtable at the U.S. Capitol.
He is often invited to speak at innovative industry and customer forums on topics such as Energy Efficiency, Distributed Energy Systems, Microgrids, Energy Storage, Renewable Energy Generation, and Public-Private Partnerships. An industry expert, he is regularly sought out for his expertise and opinion by numerous national media outlets, publications, and magazines and is frequently quoted in industry and business publications such as Forbes, Fortune Magazine, Distributed Energy Magazine, and Microgrid Knowledge. Mr. Bakas is a frequent speaker at roundtables, webinars, and conferences including events hosted by Reuters, Barclays, Bank of America, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co, Infrastructure Investor, Roth Capital Partners, HASI, Equilibrium Forum, Advanced Bioeconomy Leadership Conference, Coalition of Renewable Natural Gas, World Biogas Association, LDC Gas Forum, and Microgrid Knowledge.
Nicole A. Bulgarino, P.E.
President of Federal Solutions and Utility Infrastructure
As President of Federal Solutions and Utility Infrastructure at Ameresco, a leading energy solutions provider, Ms. Bulgarino plays a pivotal role in advancing the company’s strategic vision to lead the global energy transition. She does so by guiding customers in the development of resilient energy infrastructure designed to meet the evolving demands of today’s dynamic energy landscape.
Ms. Bulgarino is responsible for Ameresco’s leading business unit, which delivers advanced power generation and resilience solutions to Federal government agencies and utilities. Her team is also focused on developing energy infrastructure solutions for data centers.
A licensed professional engineer, Ms. Bulgarino has spent over 25 years developing and executing innovative clean technology and distributed energy solutions through diverse contract structures. She has overseen the development and implementation of over $4 billion of energy projects – from a utility-scale solar and battery project for Hawaiian Electric and deep energy retrofits integrating Smart Building controls at courthouses and Federal buildings nationwide to the first comprehensive onsite generation, energy storage, and microgrid projects on U.S. military installations.
As President of Ameresco’s Federal Solutions and Utility Infrastructure, Ms. Bulgarino oversees more than 350 professionals specializing in engineering, commissioning, construction, operations and maintenance, and long-term performance assurance. Under her leadership, Ameresco has guaranteed and delivered more cost savings from energy infrastructure improvements than any other provider, securing repeat business with the Department of Defense, the Department of Energy, the General Services Administration, the Veterans Administration, and the Department of Justice, among other civilian agencies. The utility clients that she and her team support include investor- owned utilities, municipal utilities, and co-ops providing innovative resilient power solutions.
Ms. Bulgarino is a seasoned industry executive with strong leadership, communications, and strategic execution talents A recognized leader within the industry, she has developed state-of-the-art solutions, negotiated and executed a broad range of third-party financed contractual arrangements, managed project implementation, and presented on technical and business panels at major conferences and other industry events. As a leading woman in technology, she balances the management of this complex project portfolio with the articulation and pursuit of a strategic, long-term vision for corporate success. Ms. Bulgarino has been recognized with numerous industry awards and accolades, including the 2021 Environment + Energy Leader 100 list and 2022 Energy Storage Report’s Top 40 Women Leaders in Energy Storage, and S&P Global Platts recently selected her as a finalist for its Rising Star Individual award.
Ms. Bulgarino earned a Bachelor of Science degree in chemical engineering from the University of Tennessee and an Executive Management and Leadership Certificate from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Mark Chiplock
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer
Mr. Mark Chiplock is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer of Ameresco (NYSE:AMRC), a leading independent clean technology integrator.
He is responsible for the company’s financial strategy and capital management, investor relations, corporate finance, accounting and treasury functions, financial and operations analysis, business planning, internal and external financial reporting, and information technology infrastructure and security. Focused on accountability to our stakeholders and Ameresco’s relentless pursuit of a sustainable future, Mr. Chiplock also serves as the Executive Chair of Ameresco’s Impact Ambassadors – the company’s ESG program.
Mark has more than 30 years of progressive business management and strategic financial expertise. He is a proactive leader with extensive experience managing teams to oversee and control systems and operational improvement projects in a multi-site environment. Mr. Chiplock has strong knowledge of, and experience in GAAP revenue recognition, SOX 404 requirements, and SEC Regulations, with a proven track record of assessing and implementing financial controls and reporting.
Mr. Chiplock served as Corporate Controller (2014 to 2016), Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller (2016 to 2018), held the role of interim CFO from (2018 to 2019), and Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (2019 to 2024).
Prior to Ameresco, he served as Vice President, Finance of GlassHouse Technologies, a data center infrastructure consulting firm.
Mr. Chiplock is a Certified Public Accountant. He is a member of the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants (NYSSCPA). Mr. Chiplock earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from The State University of New York at Buffalo.
Peter N. Christakis, CEM
President of East USA & Greece; Project Risk
Mr. Christakis is President of East USA & Greece; Project Risk for Ameresco, a leading energy efficiency and renewable energy company, leading the Eastern USA region and the company’s centralized procurement and project risk initiatives. He also manages the expansion of the Ameresco’s business in Greece.
In his long-standing leadership at Ameresco, Mr. Christakis has managed well over $2 billion in revenue generating projects that comprised complex energy performance contracts, solar installations, large scale infrastructure, and multi-discipline turnkey installations.
With nearly 30 years of experience in the energy industry, Mr. Christakis has been instrumental in expanding Ameresco’s pipeline of solar projects. His deep understanding of the market and commitment to innovation and customer satisfaction have enabled Ameresco to stay at the forefront of the renewable energy sector. Under his leadership, the company has not only increased its project portfolio but also enhanced its reputation as a trusted partner in delivering sustainable energy solutions.
Mr. Christakis earned a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from Northeastern University. He is a Certified Energy Manager, and holds the following licenses in multiple states:Master Electrician, Journeyman Electrician, Unlimited General Contractor, and Construction Supervisor.
David J. Corrsin
Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Director
Mr. Corrsin is Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Ameresco. He is also the Corporate Secretary and is a member of the Board of Directors. Mr. Corrsin has extensive experience with energy regulations, federal, state and local regulatory authorities, and complex energy construction and financing projects, gained through more than 23 years of energy-related legal practice. Mr. Corrsin oversees financial and regulatory issues of independent power, utility and energy conservation projects for Ameresco.
Mr. Corrsin was formerly an executive vice president of Public Power International, Inc., an independent developer of power projects in south Asia and Europe. Prior to joining PPI, Mr. Corrsin held various positions at Palmer & Dodge, LLP, where he co-founded the Palmer & Dodge Energy Group and represented independent power and energy conservation developers in the U.S. and overseas. Mr. Corrsin has also held positions at Chadbourne & Parke, Hudson Research, and the National Wildlife Federation; each position having a focus on energy.
Mr. Corrsin earned a J.D. degree from the University of Chicago and an A.B. degree in biology from Brown University.
Louis P. Maltezos
President – Central & Western USA, Canada
Mr. Maltezos is an Executive Vice President of Ameresco, supporting the company’s mission to energize a more sustainable world by helping customers decarbonize to net zero and build energy resiliency while leveraging smart, connected technologies. He is responsible for our West Region in the U.S.A. and our wholly owned subsidiary, Ameresco Canada Inc. Within these regions, Mr. Maltezos provides senior management oversight to all sales and operations activities and is responsible for developing and executing the company’s growth strategies.
Mr. Maltezos has been a senior executive with Ameresco since 2004, having joined us through our acquisition of Exelon’s energy savings performance contracting business, where he served as vice president and general manager. He has more than 35 years of industry experience in a variety of engineering, management, and executive roles spanning energy savings performance contracting, energy services, distributed generation, mechanical contracting, and utility businesses.
Mr. Maltezos earned an M.B.A. degree from Northwestern University’s Kellogg Graduate School of Management and a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.
Joshua Baribeau
Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer
Mr. Baribeau is Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer at Ameresco, a leading energy solutions provider. He is responsible for leading the company’s capital markets activities, project financings, mergers and acquisitions and related strategic transactions.
Mr. Baribeau is an accomplished capital markets professional with 20 years’ experience as a financial and business development executive. Since joining Ameresco in 2015, he has served as senior vice president of finance and corporate treasury and the director of new market development. He is a diligent leader with extensive experience overseeing and managing teams that support the company’s investment strategy, project financing, portfolio and risk management, and capital allocation. Mr. Baribeau is a key member of Ameresco’s investor relations team, recognized for delivering high-impact insights to investors, analysts, and portfolio managers.
Prior to Ameresco, Mr. Baribeau held roles responsible for equity research, investment analysis, and transaction execution at firms including Canaccord Genuity, First Southwest Company, Investors Bank & Trust, and others.
Mr. Baribeau is a CFA Charterholder and earned a Bachelor of Science degree in economics and physics from Boston University.
Leila Dillon
Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Ms. Leila Dillon is Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer at Ameresco, a leading energy solutions provider. Ms. Dillon has more than 20 years of experience in leading corporate marketing and communications, investor relations, partner strategy, lead generation and business development initiatives for industry leading global technology companies.
In her role, Ms. Dillon is responsible for strategic initiatives that amplify Ameresco’s market leadership position, driving external communications programs including media and public relations and shaping internal corporate communications and training programs. She guides the development of corporate lead and demand generation programs to drive business opportunities across the organization. Ms. Dillon is a key strategist on the executive team and is actively involved in the company’s investor relations.
Recognizing the prominence of ESG initiatives within Ameresco’s core mission, vision, and values, Ms. Dillon worked to launch Ameresco’s ESG Ambassadors in 2020. This group spearheaded the company’s first ESG report, “Doing Well by Doing Good” and continues to serve as the driving force behind Ameresco’s ESG initiatives. Serving as an ESG Ambassador herself, Ms. Dillon is responsible for identifying, communicating, and reporting on the many ways ESG is embedded in Ameresco’s culture.
Additionally, Ms. Dillon participates in strategic industry initiatives and technology conferences. She has chaired global buildings & infrastructure programs, and led international plenary sessions on women leadership in IoT, Smart City, SaaS, PaaS, EaaS, and multi-purposed smart infrastructure platforms.
Prior to joining Ameresco, Ms. Dillon served as Vice President Marketing and North American Distribution for Bigbelly, Inc., a leading provider of Smart City, Internet of Things (IoT), and smart waste management solutions.
With a core focus in Clean Technology, Energy Solutions, Renewables, Distributed Energy Generation, IoT, Smart City, Cloud, Mobile and Telecommunications, Ms. Dillon is a recognized leader for women in technology.
Jonathan M. Mancini
Senior Vice President, Solar and BESS Project Development
Mr. Mancini serves as Senior Vice President, Solar and BESS Project Development at Ameresco, a leading energy solutions provider, where he is responsible for leading the
development efforts and expanding the company’s U.S. growth strategy in renewable energy assets. He manages a team of development professionals that includes origination, acquisition, development, and asset management for Ameresco’s expanding portfolio.
Mr. Mancini is a seasoned renewable energy professional with more than 25 years of experience leading teams in the development, permitting, financing, construction, and acquisition of diverse power generation assets. With over two decades of experience in the environmental and energy fields, he has significant experience in origination and renewable project development. He leads his team with expertise in building strategic relationships with utilities, property owners, and investors to find creative solutions to complex problems.
Prior to joining Ameresco, Mr. Mancini was responsible for leading the development team at BlueWave Energy, one of the Northeast’s leading community solar developers and service providers. During his five years with the company, he oversaw the increase of the project portfolio and was responsible for directing the strategy and execution of more than 100 MW of distributed generation solar energy assets throughout the Northeast.
Mr. Mancini earned a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Rhode Island in environmental management.
Lenka Patten
Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Ms. Lenka Patten is Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for Ameresco, a leading cleantech integrator focusing on energy efficiency and renewable energy solutions. Ms. Patten boasts over 20 years of forward-thinking human capital experience, bringing a proven track record of implementing integrated human resource strategies that put people first and support the overall mission and vision of organizations.
In her role, Ms. Patten is responsible for leading the human resources team while supporting the company’s strategic business goals across talent acquisition, professional development, and employee engagement. Joining the company in November 2022, she serves on the executive management team to provide guidance as a personnel advisor to each business unit while cultivating a strong companywide talent strategy and rewarding employee experience.
Prior to joining Ameresco, Ms. Patten served as the head of human resources for Reebok International, where she was responsible for developing and executing global human resource strategy, specifically in the areas of talent management; diversity, equity and inclusion; organization design; performance management; training and development; social purpose and community impact, among others. She’s also held human resources leadership roles at other organizations, including Fidelity Investments and publicly traded State Street Corporation.
Ms. Patten graduated from the University of Economics in Prague, Czech Republic with a bachelor’s degree in economics and comparative politics and a master’s degree in economics. She also holds a master’s degree in organizational development from American University in Washington, D.C. and is a Society for Human Resource Management Senior Certified Professional, a nationally lauded recognition.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ir.ameresco.com/company-information/presentations

Market Data copyright © 2026 QuoteMedia. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated (view delay times for all exchanges). RT=Real-Time, EOD=End of Day, PD=Previous Day. Market Data powered by QuoteMedia. Terms of Use.
Market Data copyright © 2026 QuoteMedia. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated (view delay times for all exchanges). RT=Real-Time, EOD=End of Day, PD=Previous Day. Market Data powered by QuoteMedia. Terms of Use.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ir.ameresco.com/company-information

Company Profile
Founded in 2000, Ameresco, Inc. (NYSE:AMRC) is a leading energy infrastructure solutions provider dedicated to helping customers reduce costs, enhance resilience, and decarbonize to net zero in the global energy transition. Our comprehensive portfolio includes implementing smart energy efficiency solutions, upgrading aging infrastructure, and developing, constructing, and operating distributed energy resources. As a trusted full-service partner, Ameresco shows the way by reducing energy use and delivering energy infrastructure solutions to Federal, state and local governments, utilities, data centers, educational and healthcare institutions, housing authorities, and commercial and industrial customers. Headquartered in Framingham, MA, Ameresco has more than 1,500 employees providing local expertise in North America and Europe. For more information, visit www.ameresco.com.
Contact Information
Investor Relations
ADVISIRY PARTNERS
Eric Prouty
eric.prouty@advisiry.com
ADVISIRY PARTNERS
Lynn Morgen
lynn.morgen@advisiry.com
Company Contact
Ameresco, Inc.
111 Speen Street
Suite 410
Framingham, MA 01701
T: 1-866-AMERESCO

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/company/company-and-client-awards/

Ameresco energy efficiency, distributed generation, advanced technology, and renewable energy projects have won acclaim from federal agencies and local governments, and received numerous awards from green energy associations and environmental groups. Ameresco, its client projects, and industry leadership has been recognized by Forbes, Fast Company, S&P Global Platts, Frost and Sullivan, Guidehouse Insights, Energy + Environmental Leader, Renewable Energy World, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. Department of Energy, Association of Energy Engineers, Ernst & Young, Solar Power World, among others.
Recent Project, Client & Company Awards
Gold Stevie® 2025 Annual American Business Awards, Large Energy Company of the Year Ameresco, Inc.https://stevieawards.com/aba/company-organization-awards-1–Read more →
Frost & Sullivan 2025 Global Energy Services Company of the Year Award Ameresco, Inc.https://www.ameresco.com/ameresco-receives-frost-sullivans-2025-global-company-of-the-year-award-for-excellence-in-energy-services/–Read more →
Reuters Global Energy Transition Awards (2025), Socially Responsible Project Ameresco, Inc. | Kūpono Solar Projecthttps://www.ameresco.com/ameresco-honored-with-reuters-global-energy-transition-award-for-social-impact/–Read more →
Solar Power World, Top Solar Developers (2025)Ameresco, Inc.https://www.solarpowerworldonline.com/2025-top-solar-developers/–Read more →
Fast Company, Most Innovative Companies in Economic Development (2025)Bristol City Leaphttps://www.fastcompany.com/91269314/economic-development-most-innovative-companies-2025–Read more →
UK National GO Awards, Social Value Award (2025)Amerescohttps://national.goawards.co.uk/2024-25-finalists/–Read more →
Top Energy Innovation Project of the Year, Environment + Energy Leader Awards (2025)London Stadiumhttps://www.ameresco.com/ameresco-celebrates-double-win-for-innovative-projects-in-2025-environmentenergy-leader-awards/–Read more →
Top Software Implementation Project of the Year, Environment + Energy Leader Awards (2025)U.S. Army Futures Command Fort Detrickhttps://www.ameresco.com/ameresco-celebrates-double-win-for-innovative-projects-in-2025-environmentenergy-leader-awards/–Read more →
Best in Biz Awards, Silver Company of the Year Award (2024)Ameresco, Inc.https://www.ameresco.com/ameresco-wins-silver-in-large-company-of-the-year-category-at-the-2024-best-in-biz-awards/–Read more →
Frost & Sullivan 2024 North American Energy Services Company of the Year AwardAmeresco, Inc.https://www.ameresco.com/ameresco-earns-frost-sullivans-2024-company-of-the-year-award-for-the-energy-services-industry/–Read more →
World Economic Forum, Public-Private Collaboration in Cities by the Global Partnership for Local Investment (2024)Bristol City Leap https://www.ameresco.com/bristol-city-leap-wins-2024-award-of-distinction-for-public-private-collaboration-in-cities/–Read more →
Solar Power World - Top Solar Developers (2024)Amerescohttps://www.solarpowerworldonline.com/2024-top-solar-developers/–Read more →
Solar Power World - Top Solar + Storage Installers (2024)Amerescohttps://www.solarpowerworldonline.com/2024-top-solar-storage-installers/–Read more →
NAESCO Member Award (2024)Oklahoma Gas & Electric Company / GSA Oklahoma Cityhttps://www.naesco.org/2024/10/01/six-energy-service-companies-selected-as-finalists-for-industry-leading-award-in-energy-efficiency-and-modernizing-building-infrastructure/–Read more →
Ragan Communications - CSR & Diversity Award Finalist (2024)2023 Impact Reporthttps://www.ameresco.com/ameresco-named-finalist-for-2024-csr-diversity-awards-by-ragan-communications/–Read more →
U.S. Department of Energy, Integrated Lighting Campaign (2024)City of Memphis, TN - LED Streetlighting, Controls & Networking Projecthttps://www.ameresco.com/amerescos-memphis-led-streetlighting-project-receives-recognition-from-u-s-department-of-energys-2024-integrated-lighting-campaign/–Read more →
Gold Stevie® - 22nd Annual American Business Awards (2024) Company of the Year – Energy https://www.ameresco.com/ameresco-honored-as-gold-stevie-award-winner-in-2024-american-business-awards-for-company-of-the-year-energy/–Read more →
Smart 20 Award for Transformative City Infrastructure (2024)City of Memphis LED Streetlighting, Controls and Networking Projecthttps://www.ameresco.com/amerescos-memphis-led-streetlighting-project-receives-2024-smart-20-award-for-transformative-city-infrastructure/–Read more →
SEAL Environmental Initiatives Award (2024)Kūpono Solar Project, Hawaii https://www.ameresco.com/ameresco-honored-with-seal-environmental-initiatives-award-for-kupono-solar-project-in-hawaii/–Read more →
#1 Energy as a Service Market Leader, Guidehouse Insights Leaderboard Report (2024)Ameresco, Inc.
BBJ Largest Clean Energy Companies (2024)Ameresco, Inc.
Globee Awards (2024)Energy, Cleantech and Environment Company of the Year Silver Awardhttps://www.ameresco.com/ameresco-receives-silver-award-in-2024-globee-awards-for-american-business/–Read more →
Best in Biz Awards (2023)Large Company of the Year Gold Award
Midwest Energy Efficiency Alliance (MEEA) Inspiring Efficiency Impact Award (2023) Chicago Smart Lighting Program
Energy Service Companies, Market Leader Category, Guidehouse Insights Leaderboard Report (2023)Ameresco, Inc.
S&P Global Commodity Insights Global Energy Awards Finalists (2023)Ameresco Executive Vice President Mike Bakas and Colorado Mountain College and Holy Cross Energy Project
Environment + Energy Leader - Top Project of the Year Award (2023)Holy Cross Energy/Colorado Mountain College
Frost & Sullivan 2023 North American Energy Services Company of the YearAmeresco, Inc.
The Energy Awards Finalist (2023)Ameresco Executive Vice President Mike Bakas and Colorado Mountain College and Holy Cross Energy Project
SEAL Environmental Initiatives Award (2023)Ameresco, Inc.
Best Place To Work – Large (1000 and more employees) - Silver Distinction (2022)Best in Biz Awards
Great Place to Work® (2022-2023)Ameresco, Inc.
RACER Trust Edge Award (2022)Solar Reuse of Former Industrial Landfill - Danville, IL Brightfield Solar
DOE Better Buildings Integrated Lighting Campaign Award (2022)City of Chicago Streetlighting
Top Solar Contractor, Solar Power World (2022)Ameresco, Inc.
Top Solar and Storage Installer, Solar Power World (2022)Ameresco, Inc.
Top Solar Contractor (Commercial Segment), Solar Power World (2022)Ameresco, Inc. - #10
Top Solar Contractor (State-specific: DC, MA, NY, NJ, IL, AZ, CA, RI, HI), Solar Power World (2022)Ameresco, Inc.
Best Solar Companies in Minneapolis (2022)Ameresco, Inc.
#1 Energy as a Service Market Leader, Guidehouse Insights Leaderboard Report (2022)Ameresco, Inc.
Silver Stevie® Award, American Business Awards® (2022)Publication Category - Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Reports
Energy Storage Report, Top 40 Women Leaders in Energy Storage (2022)Nicole Bulgarino, Executive Vice President and General Manager of Federal Solutions
Hermes Creative Awards, Corporate Social Responsibility Publication Category (2022)Ameresco’s 2021 ESG Report
Hermes Creative Awards, Team Achievement Category (2022)Ameresco ESG Ambassadors Program
U.S. Energy Storage Association’s 2021 Brad Roberts Outstanding Industry Achievement by a Member Organization (2021)Ameresco, Inc.
S&P Global Platts Global Energy Awards - Construction Project of the Year (2021) Finalist: Hamilton Southeastern Schools, IN
S&P Global Platts Global Energy Awards - Rising Star Individual (2021) Finalist: Nicole Bulgarino, EVP & GM Federal Solutions
The Cleanie Awards® - Woman of the Year (2021)Finalist: Nicole Bulgarino, EVP & GM Federal Solutions
The Cleanie Awards® - People’s Choice Award, Project of the Year (2021)Ameresco’s Solar Project with Wells Fargo
The Cleanie Awards® - Company of the Year (2021)Finalist: Ameresco, Inc.
Environment + Energy Leader E+E 100 Honoree (2021)Nicole Bulgarino, EVP & GM Federal Solutions
Best and Brightest Companies to Work For in the Nation (2021)Ameresco, Inc.
BBJ Largest Clean Energy Companies (2021)Ameresco, Inc.
Inc. Best-Led Companies (2021)Ameresco, Inc.
Top Project of the Year Award, Environment + Energy Leader (2021)San Joaquin County Solar Farm
#1 Energy as a Service Market Leader, Guidehouse Insights Leaderboard Report (2021)Ameresco, Inc.
#1 U.S. ESCO Market Leader by Revenue, Atlas Energy Intelligence Report (2021)Ameresco, Inc.
Forbes - America’s Best Mid-Size Companies (2021)Ameresco, Inc.
Best and Brightest Companies to Work for in the Nation (2020)Ameresco, Inc.
Investor’s Business Daily - Best Companies of 2020Ameresco, Inc.
Environment + Energy Leader E+E 100 Honoree (2020)George Sakellaris, Ameresco President & CEO
Best in Biz Awards Executive of the Year Silver Winner (2020)George Sakellaris, Ameresco President & CEO
S&P Global Platts Global Energy Awards - Construction Project of the Year (2020)Finalist: Phoenix, AZ 91st Avenue Wastewater Treatment Plant
S&P Global Platts Global Energy Awards - Lifetime Achievement (2020)Finalist: George Sakellaris, Ameresco President & CEO
Energy Service Companies, Market Leader Category, Guidehouse Insights Leaderboard Report (2020)Ameresco, Inc.
Frost & Sullivan 2020 Global best Practices Distributed Energy Resources Company of the YearAmeresco, Inc.https://info.ameresco.com/frost-and-sullivan-report–Download the Report
American City & County, Crown Communities Awards (2019)Phoenix 91st Avenue Wastewater Treatment Plant
Top Project of the Year Award, Environment + Energy Leader (2020)U.S. Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island
Fast Company’s 2020 World Changing Ideas Awards, Honorable MentionPhoenix 91st Avenue Wastewater Treatment Plant
Innovation Award, Smart Energy Decisions (2020)U.S. Marine Corps Recruit Depot, Parris Island
Middle Market Leaders Award, Boston Business Journal (2020)Ameresco, Inc.
Best and Brightest Companies to Work for in the Nation (2019)Ameresco, Inc.
Consumer Champion Award, The Energy Live Consultancy Awards (TELCA) (2019)Ameresco United Kingdowm
The Energy Live Consultancy Awards (TELCA) 2019 Consumer ChampionAmeresco
Federal Buildings Energy Efficiency Excellence Award (2019)Real Property Institute of Canada, Natural Resources Canada at Great Lakes Forestry Centrre, ON, Canada
Lead by Example Clean Energy award, Rhode Island Office of Energy Services (2019)Rhode Island College
Sustainable Leadership (Large Employer), Environmental initiative (2019)City of Mankato

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/design-build-services/

Design-Build Services
Ameresco is a full-service engineering and construction firm offering design-build services.
Our expert in-house capabilities include engineering, architectural and design services, programming and planning, estimating, construction, construction management, and construction administration services.
We have successfully delivered projects for facilities under design-build, design-bid-build, design-build plus, design-bid-build, and bid-build contracts. Ameresco holds contracts to provide engineering, procurement and construction services on a site-specific, regional, and nationwide basis, and has performed under routine, rapid response, and emergency situations.
Ameresco regularly takes responsibility for the proper coordination and execution of design-build projects as prime contractor, including:
- Overall design development, project management, and construction management
- Maintaining strong lines of communications with our subcontractors
- Design and construction quality control
- Prioritizing workplace safety and ensure all subcontractors comply with our safety plans
- Maintaining project schedules including any corrective actions if there are unforeseen changes
- Managing multi-million dollar project budgets
- Overseeing proper start-up and commissioning of the installed systems
In-House Quality
Ameresco has developed well-established procedures to ensure consistency, quality, safety, speed, and contract compliance in our management of design-build projects. Our experience is punctuated by delivering on time and on budget. Successful implementation relies as much on effective project management as it does on a sound technical approach. Our project teams consist of designers, engineers, and construction personnel to self-perform engineering, procurement, and construction management, as well as quality assurance and commissioning. We bring industry leading expertise to the coordination of multi discipline projects.
Ameresco’s Design-Build Experience
Our new construction and renovation project experience covers a full range of technologies related to building systems, facility infrastructure, energy- and water-consuming systems, often working around tenant occupancy and with minimal laydown space. Repeat business exemplifies our commitment to customer service, as all agencies within the Department of Defense and civilian agencies such as the General Services Administration, Veterans Affairs, Bureau of Prisons, Department of Agriculture, the National Archives, and the U.S. Postal Service, have all selected Ameresco as their design-build partner again and again. Our diverse project experience involves facilities that include:
- Classroom
- Courthouse
- Gymnasium
- Hangar
- Healthcare/Hospital
- Historical
- Laboratory
- Mission Critical
- Office
- Prison
- Secure
- Warehouse

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/keller-canyon-rng-plant-ca/

Summary
In partnership with Republic Services, Ameresco developed, operates, and owns the Keller Canyon Landfill Gas-to-Energy (LFGTE) to Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) plant in CA – the first RNG plant in the U.S. powered by a LFGTE plant on the same landfill. By providing the San Francisco East Bay Area with clean energy resources, the Keller Canyon RNG facility will significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions and advance Republic Services’ longstanding sustainability goal to beneficially reuse 50% more of their biogas by 2030.
“Republic Services is investing in sustainability innovation to provide decarbonization solutions, and the Keller Canyon RNG project with Ameresco is a prime example. Together, we’re creating clean energy for California and helping create a more sustainable world.”
– Tim Oudman
Senior Vice President, Republic Services
Power Plant Capacity
Contract Term
RNG Plant LFG Processing Capability
Annual Carbon Emissions Reduction
Customer Benefits
In addition to providing a clean energy and renewable resource, the Keller Canyon landfill gas to RNG plant is designed to provide the following benefits:
- Annual carbon emissions reduction estimated at 62,000 metric tons
- Reduce direct and avoided emissions equivalent to removing 30,000 cars from the road
- Support California’s commitment to increasing its renewable energy portfolio
- Decrease reliance on fossil fuels, promoting environmental sustainability
- Created over 80 jobs during construction and is expected to create over 25 jobs during operations
Solution
As the thirteenth renewable energy project with Republic Services, Ameresco was the partner chosen to develop the landfill gas to RNG facility by converting biogas into a low-carbon fuel source. The facility achieved commercial operation in September 2024 and is designed to process 4,500 standard cubic feet per minute of raw landfill gas.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/video-keller-canyon-rng-plant/

Video: Keller Canyon RNG Plant
In partnership with Republic Services, Ameresco developed, operates, and owns the Keller Canyon Landfill Gas-to- Energy (LFGTE) to Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) plant – the first RNG plant in California powered by a LFGTE plant on the same landfill.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/canadian-forces-base-cfb-esquimalt-bc/

Summary
The Department of National Defence (DND) and Defence Construction Canada (DCC) embarked on a comprehensive campaign to reduce energy costs and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions at CFB Esquimalt in British Columbia. Using an Energy Performance Contract (EPC) model, Ameresco maximized the amount of the capital for the efficiency and facility renewal measures with a turnkey, design-build project acting as the sole point of responsibility for project implementation.
“Ameresco’s work at CFB Esquimalt has significantly enhanced our energy efficiency and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. Their expertise and dedication delivered outstanding financial gains and environmental benefits, which would have been challenging to achieve, without their guidance and support.”
– Jamie Birtwistle
EPC Project Manager – CFB Esquimalt
Metric Tonnes Annual CO2 Emissions Reduction
Annual Electricity Reduction
Facility Size
Energy Project Size
Customer Benefits
Despite the challenges inherent in implementing efficiency upgrades tailored to the unique energy demands of naval bases – including those from maintenance, repairs, and the operation of visiting vessels – the project delivered numerous beneficial results. Generating approximately $876,000 in annual utility savings and achieving an annual reduction of 2,978 tonnes of GHG emissions, the net cost of the project equated to just $52 per tonne of reduced GHG emissions, significantly below the expected carbon cost for the same time frame. Additional benefits included:
- 19% reduction in overall annual energy consumption
- ~4,250 MWh in electricity reduction
- ~11,700 MWh in natural gas reduction and ~670 MWh in propane reduction
- Reduced annual GHG emissions by approximately 21%
- Delivered significant ROI for the Department of National Defence
Solution
In partnership with the DND and DCC, Ameresco was chosen to address the rising utility costs, aging infrastructure, and limited budgets facing CFB Esquimalt. By identifying various incentives, Ameresco facilitated critical infrastructure updates and replacements. The project, valued at $16.6 million, was financed using a performance-based approach that utilized guaranteed savings to cover the costs of the upgrades.
The comprehensive scope of the project included 179 measures implemented across the following five categories:
- Lighting Retrofits
- Mechanical Upgrades
- Building Automation
- Plant Upgrades
- Building Envelope Upgrades

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/bmw-landfill-gas-energy/

Summary
Landfill gas drives this BMW Manufacturing plant – Methane gas drawn from Waste Management Inc.’s Palmetto Landfill is providing the energy needs at BMW’s manufacturing facility in Spartanburg, SC, in an EaaS partnership with Ameresco.
“BMW’s landfill gas program has been a tremendous initiative for the plant. Using methane gas to power our plant is one example of our focus on environmentally friendly production processes.”
– Josef Kerscher
President, BMW Manufacturing
Plant Total Energy Needs Met with Turbines
Tons Annual CO2 Emissions Reduction
Miles of Landfill Gas Pipeline
MW Capacity
Customer Benefits
To help offset BMW’s energy demand, BMW maintains its own power station on site. The station is powered by four turbines fueled by reclaimed methane gas piped in from the nearby Palmetto Landfill.
- Mitigate risks of volatility in the energy markets
- Turbines generate electricity to meet nearly 30% of the plant’s power needs
- Environmentally responsible power resource
Services Provided
BMW Manufacturing worked with Ameresco to bring landfill gas to its plant. The project entailed the development, engineering, construction and operation of a landfill gas pipeline and retrofit of the existing energy center. BMW had four 1.25 MW gas turbines largely sitting idle on their property. Ameresco was able to recycle the turbines by putting them into service using landfill gas.
- 9.5-mile landfill gas pipeline with cleaning and compression stations
- Project cogenerates electricity and hot water
- BMW purchases the equivalent of 4,000 cfm of landfill gas for use in their turbines

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/city-dallas-water-utilities/

Video: City of Dallas Water Utilities
Dallas partnered with Ameresco to develop a biogas energy recovery facility at the city’s wastewater treatment plant. The city will save at least $1.5 million in energy costs annually and reduce carbon emissions equivalent to 3,500 vehicles annually by using energy from biogas that was previously flared.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/philadelphia-water-department/

Summary
The Philadelphia Water Department (PWD) and Ameresco partnered to optimize the facility’s energy usage, improving the region’s water supply and management system.
“Recovering the hidden fuel in our wastewater treatment processes helps to diversify our energy portfolio, while improving the environment through innovative, green technology.”
– Howard Neukrug
Water Commissioner, Philadelphia Water Department
Million Gallons Facility Size
Million Energy Project Size
MW Project Capacity
Energy Savings Over Contract
Customer Benefits
PWD was able to reduce annual energy costs and utilize more renewable energy resources. With the improvements made, The City of Philadelphia takes a large step towards achieving its goals outlined in Mayor Nutter’s Greenworks Plan.
- Provided secure source of renewable energy
- Project received $17 million in incentives, lowering cost to taxpayers
- Economic Opportunity Plan brought green jobs to local community
- Saves the Equivalent of 27,870 tons of CO2 per year
Services Provided
PWD and Ameresco partnered in a $47.5 million project to design, build, and maintain an innovative wastewater biogas-to-energy facility cultivating a more efficient energy approach.
- Effective wastewater and stormwater management systems
- System for refining and utilizing biogas as fuel for facility equipment
- Generate supply of electricity and thermal energy for use on-site

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/town-of-braintree/

Summary
The Town of Braintree’s Electric Light Department (BELD) worked with Ameresco on two solar PV projects to help meet its franchise obligation to provide electricity to 16,000 customers.
“The partnership that the town has structured with Ameresco is a beneficial one that states our commitment to the usage of renewable energy as we move forward. The Town of Braintree created a Commonwealth Community Compact earlier this year and as its main commitment to continuous improvement, the Town pledged to adapt to climate change.”
– Joseph C. Sullivan
Mayor, Town of Braintree
Solar Panels
MW DC Landfill Solar PV Capacity
kW DC Rooftop Solar PV Capacity
kWh Annual Energy Generated
Customer Benefits
The solar projects provide BELD with on-peak, non-greenhouse gas producing, electricity generation.
- Solar landfill energy savings 1.65 million kWh annually
- Solar rooftop energy savings 800,000 kWh annually
- Save equivalent of 1,689 metric tons of CO2 per year
- Enables advantageous use of landfill space
Services Provided
Braintree and Ameresco partnered under a 20 year Power Purchase Agreement to design, construct, operate and maintain a solar PV array on the Braintree landfill. Ameresco also designed, built, owns, and operates a rooftop solar array located on Braintree High School (BHS).
- Solar landfill energy project size 1.26 MW DC with 4,142 solar panels
- Solar rooftop energy project size 664 kW DC with 2,109 solar panels

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/keller-canyon-rng-plant-ca/?s=

Solutions
Efficiency & Demand Conservation
Energy Efficiency
HVAC & Air Quality
Interior Lighting
LED Street & Area Lighting
Water Management
Generation & Energy Supply
Biogas & RNG
Biomass
Cogeneration & CHP
Geothermal
Hydropower
Solar Power
Wind Power
Integrated Infrastructure
Advanced Metering
Battery Energy Storage
EV Charging Infrastructure
Microgrids
Software & Services
AssetPlanner Solutions
Energy Supply Management
Operations & Maintenance
Financial Options
Budget-Neutral Infrastructure Upgrades
Design-Build Services
Design, Build, Own, Operate, Maintain
Energy as a Service
ESPC (Energy Savings Performance Contract)
Power Purchase Agreements
PACE (Property Assessed Clean Energy)
Industries
Data Centers
Electric Utilities
Federal Government
Federal Bid Opportunities
Healthcare
Higher Education
Industrial & Commercial Buildings
K-12 Schools
Public & Multifamily Housing
Public Sector
Smart Cities
Transportation and Infrastructure
Company
About
Locations
Management
Awards & Accolades
Certifications
Health & Safety
Resources
Press Releases
Insights & Blog
Project Highlights
Event Calendar
Media Coverage
Webinars
White Papers
Video Library
Investors
Investor Relations Overview
News/Events
Overview
Press Releases
IR Calendar
Email Alerts
Company Info
Overview
Presentations
Management Team
Contacts
FAQ
Financial Results
Stock Data
Stock Information
Historical Data
SEC Filings
Overview
All SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Quarterly Reports
Section 16 Filings
Governance
Overview
Board of Directors
Board Committees
Governance Documents
Contact the Board
Annual Meeting
Impact
Careers
Contact
Click to open the search input field
Click to open the search input field
Search
Menu
Menu
New Search
If you are not happy with the results below please do another search
Search
Search
Scroll to top
Scroll to top
Scroll to top

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/mountain-regional-water-special-service-district-ut/

Summary
Mountain Regional Water Special Service District, providing drinking water to the Park City, Utah region, partnered with Ameresco and D3Energy to develop an innovative floating solar installation at the Signal Hill Water Treatment Plant. The project, Utah’s first floating solar array, was designed to generate ~871,000 kWh of clean energy annually, offsetting approximately 92% of its annual grid energy consumption and reducing energy costs by 80%.
“Traditional ground or rooftop solar wasn’t an option for us at this facility, but this innovative floating solar installation makes use of an untapped resource. This is one more piece of the puzzle for us to get to a ‘Net-Zero’ energy goal as we strive to be responsible stewards for the community and the environment.”
– Chris Braun
Chief Technology Officer, Mountain Regional Water
Annual Grid Energy Offset
Project Size
Annual CO2 Emissions Reduction
Annual Energy Generation
Customer Benefits
In addition to reducing energy costs by 80%, the floating solar array efficiently uses one acre of available water surfaces, providing an ideal solution for maximizing energy production without impacting land resources. Additional expected benefits of the project include:
- Generating annual cost savings of ~$76,000, providing a benefit to water district ratepayers
- Reducing carbon emissions by 609 metric tons per year – the equivalent of eliminating 68,474 gallons of gasoline consumption or preventing 670,649 pounds of coal from being burned
- Advancing Summit County’s goal of being carbon neutral by 2032
- Preserving natural resources by installing on the water instead of utilizing three acres of land
- Increasing efficiency with floating solar panels that stay cooler installed on water
- Minimizing plant growth and water evaporation in the pond
Solution
Looking to incorporate solar energy for their facility but lacking the space for ground or rooftop installations, Mountain Regional Water Special Service District in Utah chose Ameresco and D3Energy to install a floating solar array on a holding pond at the Signal Hill Water Treatment Facility. Ameresco also helped the District get approval from local government agencies for the innovative installation. To help fund the project, the District was awarded a $400,000 grant from Rocky Mountain Power under their Blue Sky program, an opt-in program that gives customers the option to match all or part of their energy use with renewable energy.
- 588 kW floating solar array
- 1,078 solar panels
- ~871,000 kWh annual energy generation

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/video-keller-canyon-rng-plant-ribbon-cutting/

Video: Keller Canyon RNG Plant Ribbon Cutting
Ameresco, Republic Services, and PG&E celebrate California’s largest landfill gas to RNG plant at the Keller Canyon landfill.
Ameresco, Republic Services, and PG&E celebrate California’s largest landfill gas to RNG plant at the Keller Canyon landfill.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/roxbury-community-college/

Summary
Roxbury Community College (RCC) partnered with Ameresco to address campus-wide energy upgrades, deliver energy savings, and reduce the college’s carbon footprint.
“The innovative, tri-level renewable solution for Parking Lot 1 is the most unique aspect of our project, and is the first of its kind in Massachusetts. Beneath the parking lot, we have 115 geothermal wells, 500-feet deep, to function as our heating and cooling source. On the surface, we have parking for 320 cars, in addition to electric charging stations for up to 6 cars. Above the lot, we have a solar canopy with a 1 million kWH/year electric generation capacity, providing renewable energy. This renewable solution provides tremendous strides in supporting and help to achieve our sustainability goals.”
– Dr. Valerie Roberson
President, Roxbury Community College
Solar Panels Installed
Million Energy Project Size
Tons Geothermal System Capacity
Annual Energy Savings
Customer Benefits
Ameresco’s work with RCC provided the college with clean renewable resources and energy cost savings. The generated savings allow RCC to direct more funds to other campus improvements.
- Annual emissions reduced by 5,689,934 lbs CO2
- Interior and exterior LED lighting enhancements
- Annually save $860,000
- Reduced college’s carbon footprint
Services Provided
RCC and Ameresco partnered on a $20 million comprehensive energy and water project encompassing 23 energy conservation measures. Ameresco worked closely with RCC and their funders to generate a budget neutral plan.
- Installed 115 geothermic wells functioning as heating/cooling source
- Installed 400-ton capacity geothermal heat pump system
- Installed 3,000 panel solar canopy with 1 million kWh capacity

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/city-of-henderson/

Summary
The city of Henderson, NV needed to adjust their energy savings to fit their large and growing population size. Ameresco worked with the city to help Henderson reach its goals from 2006 to 2011.
“Implementing energy-saving programs that help preserve our community’s natural resources for future generations is a key component of our vision to be America’s Premier Community.”
– Andy Hafen
Mayor, City of Henderson
Million Square Feet
ESPC Energy Project Size
Million kWh Electrical Savings
Annual ESPC Energy Savings
Customer Benefits
Ameresco’s plan combined energy conservation and operational savings measures to maximize the city’s improvements.
- Emission reductions in pounds per year for all phases are 34,929,951 CO2
- GPS mapped locations of city streetlights and traffic signals
- Savings from streetlight retrofitting used towards funding project
- Reduced energy consumption
- Streetlight lamp life expectancy increased by nearly 4 times
- Annual energy cost savings
Services Provided
Henderson and Ameresco partnered under an Energy Savings Performance Contract which consisted of three project phases.
Phases 1 and 2 upgraded systems and technologies in different city facilities, and phase 3 improved lighting fixtures citywide.
- Replaced over 4,000 building light fixtures
- Installed over 1,500 lighting occupancy sensors
- Retrofitted up to 28,000 streetlights with induction lighting technology
- Retrofitted over 310 plumbing fixtures
- Installed two 30 KW solar PV arrays

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/city-of-lowell-case-study/

Summary
Lowell desired to improve facilities and reduce energy usage. Due to on-going budget constraints and increasing operational costs, the City was facing critical infrastructure upgrades with limited funding.
“By using the performance contract approach with Ameresco, we are able to address several important city priorities of improving our facilities, saving money and being environmentally proactive in reducing the use of energy.”
– Bernie Lynch
Former City Manager, City of Lowell
Million Square Feet
Buildings
MW Solar Power
ESPC Energy Project Size
Customer Benefits
Partnering with Ameresco, Lowell was able to replace outdated equipment and aging municipal infrastructure, lower utility costs and partially fund a City energy manager position, all on a budget-neutral basis without any upfront capital investment.
- $1.5M annual energy savings
- Upgrades to 47 municipal buildings
- Electrical, mechanical, weatherization, water and operational upgrades
- Energy cost stability, 20-year discounted electricity rate
- Web-based Energy Management System
Services Provided
Lowell and Ameresco have a longstanding, award-winning partnership consisting of four project phases through an Energy Savings Performance Contract, Energy Management and Power Purchase Agreements.
- Designed and installed over 23 Energy Conservation Measures
- Designed and installed 1.8 MW of Solar Photovoltaic Projects
- Commissioning, Operation and Maintenance

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.ameresco.com/portfolio-item/mountain-regional-water-special-service-district-ut/?s=

Solutions
Efficiency & Demand Conservation
Energy Efficiency
HVAC & Air Quality
Interior Lighting
LED Street & Area Lighting
Water Management
Generation & Energy Supply
Biogas & RNG
Biomass
Cogeneration & CHP
Geothermal
Hydropower
Solar Power
Wind Power
Integrated Infrastructure
Advanced Metering
Battery Energy Storage
EV Charging Infrastructure
Microgrids
Software & Services
AssetPlanner Solutions
Energy Supply Management
Operations & Maintenance
Financial Options
Budget-Neutral Infrastructure Upgrades
Design-Build Services
Design, Build, Own, Operate, Maintain
Energy as a Service
ESPC (Energy Savings Performance Contract)
Power Purchase Agreements
PACE (Property Assessed Clean Energy)
Industries
Data Centers
Electric Utilities
Federal Government
Federal Bid Opportunities
Healthcare
Higher Education
Industrial & Commercial Buildings
K-12 Schools
Public & Multifamily Housing
Public Sector
Smart Cities
Transportation and Infrastructure
Company
About
Locations
Management
Awards & Accolades
Certifications
Health & Safety
Resources
Press Releases
Insights & Blog
Project Highlights
Event Calendar
Media Coverage
Webinars
White Papers
Video Library
Investors
Investor Relations Overview
News/Events
Overview
Press Releases
IR Calendar
Email Alerts
Company Info
Overview
Presentations
Management Team
Contacts
FAQ
Financial Results
Stock Data
Stock Information
Historical Data
SEC Filings
Overview
All SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Quarterly Reports
Section 16 Filings
Governance
Overview
Board of Directors
Board Committees
Governance Documents
Contact the Board
Annual Meeting
Impact
Careers
Contact
Click to open the search input field
Click to open the search input field
Search
Menu
Menu
New Search
If you are not happy with the results below please do another search
Search
Search
Scroll to top
Scroll to top
Scroll to top

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------