ROOT: https://repowersouth.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:29:15.755860Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 23

================================================================================

URL: https://repowersouth.com/

Trash Isn’t Garbage.
Let’s recycle more and landfill less.
IT’S TIME TO:
- Recover recyclable materials bound for landfill
- Re-use trash instead of landfilling
- Create low carbon, clean, renewable fuel
- Generate sustainable, green jobs in your community
- Reduce our carbon footprint

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/about/

Who We Are
We think differently.
In 2013, the founders of RPS became a catalyst for change, turning environmentally sustainable ideas into economically sustainable reality. RePower South (RPS) was born to commercialize a new technology that is changing the disposal of waste and generation of clean energy forever. Since then, its leadership has been working with communities in the Southeastern United States eager to recycle more, landfill less, and create low carbon, clean, renewable energy. RPS has two facilities currently in operation: Berkeley, S.C., and Montgomery, Ala., two communities with the leadership, courage and commitment to deliver the most sustainable solutions that residents and businesses demand at the lowest cost.
Headquartered in Charleston, South Carolina, RPS delivers long-term, economically sustainable recycling, waste recovery, and clean energy solutions to communities, industries and consumers. Together with our technology and equipment partners, RPS’ mission is to positively impact communities and protect the earth by disrupting the traditional approach to recycling, landfilling and producing clean fuel while creating sustainable, green jobs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/sustainable-solutions/

Sustainable Solutions
We could go on and on about our sustainable solutions…and we do.
But what can’t go on is the country’s current unsustainable approach to waste (mis)management, recycling and landfilling. RPS offers an alternative, advanced recycling, recovery and clean energy for a sustainable waste and energy future. We do this by processing landfill-bound municipal solid waste and recovering recyclable materials not captured by traditional programs. We also extract non-recyclable papers and plastics to manufacture an EPA-designated non-waste fuel to replace coal in industrial and utility boilers. Our fuel is low carbon, clean and renewable, helping to reduce coal consumption and harmful emissions.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/locations/

With minimal programs in place and a community demanding recycling, Berkeley County chose RPS to deliver the most comprehensive and cost effective recycling program to its constituents, preserve the municipality’s landfill by landfilling less waste, provide a clean fuel resource to local industry, and create quality green jobs for Berkeley citizens and industry supporting the overall growth and prosperity of the community. The vision of Berkeley County is to serve as a county in which all citizens can participate in and enjoy a community enriched by sustainable growth, responsible and responsive government, environmental stewardship, cultural opportunity and diversity. Learn about Berkeley County here.
Interested in joining our team? Contact HR manager Shelby Hughey by calling 843-823-4499 or click here to submit your application.
RePower South reopened the Montgomery Recycling and Recovery Facility in early February, 2019. Learn about Montgomery here.
Interested in joining our team? Contact HR manager Ashley Janes by calling 334-356-5820 or click here to submit your application.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/resources/

Based in South Carolina, RePower South is an advanced recycling, recovery and renewable energy company helping communities transform toward a sustainable waste and energy future.
Based in South Carolina, RePower South is an advanced recycling, recovery and renewable energy company helping communities transform toward a sustainable waste and energy future.
Bulk Handling Systems (BHS), headquartered in Eugene, Ore., is a worldwide leader in the innovative design, engineering, manufacturing and installation of sorting systems and components for the solid waste, recycling, waste-to-energy, and construction and demolition industries.
LOESCHE, headquartered in Dusseldorf Germany, is a world leader in grinding and other technologies for the power, cement, and mineral industry, and their 100% subsidiary A-TEC, has developed and proven technologies to manufacture (mix, grind, and dry) consistent quality fuel from feedstock.
RePower South is the exclusive licensee of Accordant Energy ReEngineered FeedstockTM fuel technology and intellectual property in nine states throughout the southeastern United States.
RePower South’s fuel, named ReEngineered Feedstock “ReEF”™ fuel, is a proprietary, patented fuel manufacturing technology licensed from Accordant Energy and designed to replace coal in industrial and utility boilers. ReEF must not be mistaken as a refuse derived fuel (RDF). ReEF is an engineered and manufactured fuel.
ReEF fuel is a low carbon, renewable fuel with a consistent btu content, low moisture, and cleaner burning as compared to the coal it is replacing. When substituting for coal, ReEF will result in a significant reduction of most emissions, e.g. Nitrogen-Oxides (NOx), Sulfur-Dioxides (SOx). Due to a significantly lower carbon content than coal, ReEF will also significantly reduce the emissions of Carbon-Dioxide (CO2). Further, a significant portion of ReEF’s carbon is biogenic and considered “carbon-neutral.”
Accordant’sReEF™ fuel was the first to receive the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) designation as a non-waste fuel. This allows our customers to use our fuel without changing their plants’ existing air emission permits.
ReEF™ fuel helps our customers cost effectively reduce coal consumption and meet their sustainability goals.
There is no investment needed by government or taxpayers to transform into a near zero waste-community. RePower South funds all project capital and brings its state-of-the-art infrastructure to the community.
RePower South works with the community to increase its recycling, recovery and landfill diversion while lowering its overall costs. We understand if we’re not lowering a community’s costs, we’re not going secure the political or taxpayer support to proceed.
Upon definitive agreement, siting and permit issuance, a RePower facility will be operational in approximately 18 months.
RPS transforms waste into two products:
What is not recovered is residue sent to landfill and is primary composed of organic and inert wastes such as food, dirt, rocks, glass, etc. We are constantly seeking economically viable alternative uses of these materials to divert from the landfill.
RePower South transforms a community recycling program by expanding recovery across the entire residential and commercial waste stream. Current recycling programs rely on people who don’t always recycle; therefore, a lot of recyclables still go in the landfill. In addition, many community programs do not have 100 percent collection coverage across all residences and commercial locations, adding to the landfilling of recyclables. Because RePower South processes all waste, we recover nearly all available recyclables, regardless of whether people recycle or not, or whether a community program serves a residence or business location or not.
A RePower South facility will neither positively nor negatively impact issues commonly associated with the collection and transportation of waste at or near landfills and/or processing sites.
The community may continue its current residential and commercial recycling programs. RePower is able to process the recycle program materials (in addition to landfill bound waste) if desired.
No, our facility would not accept or process yard waste. The community’s current yard waste pickup, disposal and composting program would continue as it is currently being done.
No, the facility would not accept and process construction and demolition waste. The community’s current disposal program would continue in its current configuration.
Trash haulers will continue to pick up waste as it currently does but would deliver it to our facility for processing instead of the landfill.
A community’s landfill(s) will experience a substantial reduction in the amount of waste landfilled each year, substantially increasing the life of the landfill, as well as reducing the annual capital and operating costs required to build, operate, close and manage landfill “cells.”
Yes, RePower South would accept and process all residential and commercial municipal solid waste (MSW) delivered to its facility (with the exception of construction and demolition waste, yard waste and hazardous waste.)
Connect with us.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/2019/06/09/wtvy-channel-four-june-7-2019-dothan-extends-business-with-montgomery-recycling-company-by-anna-knapp/

A 90-day trial with Repower South has now been extended to a six-month contract. The company requires stricter guidelines, with zero tolerance for several items including glass and paint.
Environmental services assistant manager John Marshall says Dothan has done a good job at adjusting.
“We tried to make some adjustments to what we do to fit today’s market, recycling is very tough right now but we think we made the adjustments we needed to make and it seems to be going pretty well,” said Marshall.
Dothan city recycling trucks travel to Repower South in Montgomery three times a week.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/contact/

Contact
RePower South
1859 Summerville Ave
Charleston, SC 29405
800-917-4526
info@repowersouth.com
RePower South Montgomery
1551 Louisville Street
Montgomery, AL 36104
334-356-5820
RePower South Berkeley
645 Oakley Road
Moncks Corner, SC 29461
843-823-4499

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/

Trash Isn’t Garbage.
Let’s recycle more and landfill less.
IT’S TIME TO:
- Recover recyclable materials bound for landfill
- Re-use trash instead of landfilling
- Create low carbon, clean, renewable fuel
- Generate sustainable, green jobs in your community
- Reduce our carbon footprint

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/2019/12/05/waste-360-september-3-2019-solid-recovered-fuels-the-next-frontier-for-fossil-fuel-alternatives-by-arlene-karidis/

In some applications, solid recovered fuel is expected to replace up to 100 percent of fossil fuels to generate electricity or heat.
As the concept of renewable alternative fuel has evolved, so have several terms classifying these products. Some of those terms are “refuse-derived fuel” (RDF), “engineered fuel” and “solid recovered fuel.” On top of these designations, companies coin their own brands to try and distinguish themselves. But how do you differentiate between products? Which fuel type makes sense for what application? What are the regulations around each? And what are associated costs?
RDF actually has been around for nearly 30 years. The term was created to try and set the product apart from fuel created via mass burn technology.
“Mass burn was leveraged by big power plants where trash was burned as it came off the truck. RDF plants shredded and mixed it. It was not necessarily cleaner, but you could get more energy value by doing this preparation to make low-grade fuel,” says Steve Simmons, president of Gershman, Brickner & Bratton.
RDF is only suitable in a few applications and has limited fuel replacement capabilities, which include applications that are not very sensitive to fuel quality fluctuations and/or where there would be low fossil fuel substitution rates. A common example would be fluidized bed borders with heat generated from combustion used to make steam. Otherwise, introducing RDF can upset a plant’s process, says Matt Allers, owner’s representative for RePower South.
So, along came a more processed product called engineered fuel with less moisture, higher heat value and more consistent quality. Also known as solid recovered fuel (SRF), depending on quality and process, it can replace up to 100 percent of fossil fuels to generate electricity or heat. Though it is more often in the range of 30 to 60 percent. End users are typically operators of cement kilns and boilers.
RePower South bought the license to a SRF that’s branded as ReEngineered Feedstock (ReEF) that replaces at least 50 percent of fossil fuel in industrial and utility boilers.
Like other engineered fuels, one of ReEF’s main sells is it contains less carbon than fossil fuels. It’s made mainly from fibers from paper and cardboard as well as polymers.
“We did a successful trial with ReEF at a coal-fired power plant in operation on the grid. They can’t afford to upset their boilers, so there are stringent quality criteria,” says Allers.
SRF technologies require a high investment in equipment, such as dryers to remove moisture and optical sorters to remove high-chlorine plastics. RePower South’s technology includes a shredder, advanced sorting and the most distinguishing feature is the rocket mill that grinds, dries and cleans the material, which is beaten into a fluff.
“It’s like cotton and burns better. The rocket mill also homogenizes the fuel to make the quality more consistent,” says Allers.
RDF is generally less expensive to produce than SRF. But there is no open market for it in the U.S. And no one is developing new projects, says Simmons.
There are only a handful of plants left, including in Orrington, Maine; West Wareham, Mass.; Hartford, Conn.; Portsmouth, Va.; and a couple in Florida. One in Detroit and another in Elk River, Minn., are closing.
Meanwhile, SRF projects are gaining traction. Entsorga’s West Virginia plant , RePower’s South Carolina and Alabama plants and an operation at Wasatch Integrated Waste Management District in Utah are among them.
Simmons knows of others he can’t name because they are under nondisclosure agreements.
These cleaner fuels meet less strict regulations than their minimally processed predecessors.
“The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency classifies SRF as non-hazardous secondary material. If it’s burned in a kiln, it’s regulated as any material burned in a kiln. But if RDF were burned in the same environment, it would be regulated as a cement kiln and as a waste-to-energy plant or incinerator. So, you would have to comply with two levels of regulations,” says Simmons.
Entsorga makes an engineered fuel it calls Prometheus. Prometheus can be produced according to customer’s specifications by biodrying municipal solid waste, mechanically refining it and possibly adding selected commercial and industrial waste. This is done to homogenize the chemical composition and raise British thermal unit content, says Paolo Carollo, vice president of operations for North America at Entsorga.
He believes engineered fuels will help solve problems of thermal technologies like gasification and pyrolysis.
“Some of the recent failures in this space were mostly due to the non-homogeneity of feedstock, resulting in difficult-to-control process conditions … Considering that the quality of processed engineered fuels is homogenous and they can be produced according to a specification, we believe there is great opportunity for them to improve advanced thermal treatment technologies,” says Carollo.
Still, there are issues to iron out such as securing enough feedstock to run these plants. And a need for a new recycling and recovery model.
“Future opportunities will be based on a model where processing facilities will recycle/upcycle high-value waste streams and where unsorted municipal waste and residual, nonmarketable commodities will be used to produce this low-carbon alternative fuel,” says Carollo.
Read the full article here: https://www.waste360.com/fuel/solid-recovered-fuels-next-frontier-fossil-fuel-alternatives

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/category/featured-news/

Archives
Waste 360 September 3, 2019: Solid Recovered Fuels: The Next Frontier for Fossil Fuel Alternatives? By Arlene Karidis
In some applications, solid recovered fuel is expected to replace up to 100 percent of fossil fuels to generate electricity or heat. As the concept of renewable alternative fuel has evolved, so have several terms classifying these products. Some of those terms are “refuse-derived fuel” (RDF), “engineered fuel” and “solid recovered fuel.” On top of… Read More »
Waste Today November 8, 2019: Inside RePower South’s new operations by Theresa Cottom
At a time when sinking commodity values are sending an increasing amount of material to landfill, a new company is gaining traction in the South for its efforts to reverse that trend. RePower South (RPS) was born in Moncks Corner, South Carolina, in 2013 to help recover more commodities in an economically feasible way. The company… Read More »
Waste 360 October 29, 2019: RePower South Now Accepts Charleston County, S.C., Recyclables
RPS offers a cost-effective recycling and landfill diversion solution that expands recycling recovery across the entire waste stream and produces a low carbon, renewable fuel. South Carolina-based RePower South (RPS) has begun accepting single stream recyclables from Charleston County, S.C., at its Berkeley County Recycling and Recovery Facility. RPS offers a cost-effective recycling and landfill diversion… Read More »
RePower South to accept Charleston County recyclables
RPS Berkeley to help Charleston residents recycle more and landfill less Charleston, S.C.—South Carolina-based RePower South (RPS) recently announced that it has begun accepting single stream recyclables from Charleston County at its Berkeley County Recycling and Recovery Facility. RPS offers a cost effective recycling and landfill diversion solution that expands recycling recovery across the entire… Read More »
Waste Today Magazine September 6, 2019: What’s new in waste conversion technology by Steve Simmons
By now, solid waste managers know the overseas markets for traditional recyclable materials have been inverted due to import bans and restrictions put in place by China. To boot, China’s actions are having a ripple effect across the globe as more countries adopt waste and material bans or expand their restrictions. While this is certainly… Read More »
Recycling Today September 5, 2019: Prattville, Alabama, rolls out new recycling program by Kelly Maile
Prattville, Alabama, is on a path to improve recycling. The city is revamping its recycling program with a new partnership with RePower South (RPS), Montgomery, Alabama, with hopes to capture and divert more material from landfill and make recycling easier for residents and businesses. Before, Prattville, along with other cities in Autauga County, provided large recycling bins… Read More »
The Register-Guard June 14, 2019: Innovative Eugene business Bulk Handling Systems develops robotic waste-sorting machines by Aliya Hall
Ever since China stopped accepting U.S. recycled materials at the end of 2017, the future of recycling has been hanging in the balance. But Bulk Handling Systems in Eugene isn’t giving up that easy — in fact, the company is working on new, innovative ways to combat the recycling crisis. “China went away, but there’s… Read More »
WTVY Channel Four June 7, 2019: Dothan extends business with Montgomery recycling company by Anna Knapp
A 90-day trial with Repower South has now been extended to a six-month contract. The company requires stricter guidelines, with zero tolerance for several items including glass and paint. Environmental services assistant manager John Marshall says Dothan has done a good job at adjusting. “We tried to make some adjustments to what we do to… Read More »
Waste Today May 21, 2019: RePower South aims to enhance recycling by Kelly Maile
CEO Brian Gilhuly talks vision behind new recycling and recovery facilities RePower South (RPS), Moncks Corner, South Carolina, has changed the economics of mixed waste processing by recovering and recycling more material and converting nonrecyclable paper and plastics that are typically sent to landfill into a clean, low-carbon renewable fuel. With the opening of two RePower South facilities in… Read More »
Waste 360 May 16, 2019: RePower South Launches State-of-the-art MRF in Berkeley County, S.C. by Arlene Karidis
The facility became fully operational in late April and can process 200,000 tons a year leveraging both mechanical processes and automated technologies. Until late April, not many residents of Berkeley County, S.C., recycled, as they either had to hire and pay a private hauler or drive materials to a drop-off center. Now they have another… Read More »
RePower South Berkeley poised to transform waste processing in its home state, May 5, 2019
Berkeley County, S.C. Plant Fully Operational Moncks Corner, S.C.—RePower South (RPS) has begun processing material at the company’s recycling and recovery facility for Berkeley County, S.C. With minimal programs in place and a community demanding recycling, Berkeley County chose RPS to deliver the nation’s most comprehensive and cost effective recycling and reuse program to its… Read More »
Waste 360 May 2, 2019: RePower South starts up advanced recycling system in South Carolina
The facility’s BHS system can process nearly 200,000 tons of mixed waste annually. RePower South (RPS) has begun processing material at the company’s new recycling and recovery facility in Berkeley County, S.C. The recycling system, provided by Eugene, Ore.-based Bulk Handling Systems (BHS), is a highly automated system capable of processing more than 50 tons… Read More »

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/2019/11/10/waste-today-november-8-2019-inside-repower-souths-new-operations-by-theresa-cottom/

At a time when sinking commodity values are sending an increasing amount of material to landfill, a new company is gaining traction in the South for its efforts to reverse that trend.
RePower South (RPS) was born in Moncks Corner, South Carolina, in 2013 to help recover more commodities in an economically feasible way. The company has done so by viewing not only traditional recyclables as commodities, but also waste that typically goes to landfill.
Justin Converse, Jim Bohlig and Brian Gilhuly founded the company with a license from Accordant Energy of Rutland, Vermont, for the technology to mechanically convert difficult-to-recycle waste into a non-waste engineered fuel as designated by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) that can supplement coal in industrial and utility boilers. With processing systems from Bulk Handling Systems (BHS) of Eugene, Oregon, and fuel manufacturing systems from London-based Loesche Energy Systems, RPS’s facilities are offering solutions in areas where recycling is floundering.
“We took a landfill expense, and now we’ve turned that into a revenue stream,” says Gilhuly, who is the company’s CEO. “That changed the overall dynamic of the economic model, and that’s largely what we set out to do.”
Though the company was conceived in 2013, it hadn’t opened any facilities until early 2019. Now that they’re open, though, operations are fully in motion with new opportunities on the horizon.
Gaining ground
Gilhuly says RPS facilities can be tailored to fit into any waste and recycling operation.
“Our focus is to help communities increase recycling recovery by operating within whatever structure or future structure they want to be in,” Gilhuly says.
The two facilities that opened this year illustrate the range of RPS-enabled solutions the company can offer. In February, RPS revived a failed waste processing facility in Montgomery, Alabama, refurbishing it and restoring recycling to the area’s residents and businesses. The facility is publicly owned, with RPS financing the facility refurbishments and fuel production system.
Meanwhile, RPS’s facility in Moncks Corner just outside of Charleston was a greenfield development project that was built from the ground up on 15 acres inside the Berkeley County landfill under 25-year waste supply and land lease agreements. The facility, which opened in April and accepts waste from across the county, is privately owned and was financed by tax-exempt bonds and private equity.
Prior to the Berkeley facility’s construction, residents in the county either had to hire a private hauler to pick up recyclables or drive them to a drop-off center themselves. Now, area citizens have a new resource for diverting material from landfill.
“This innovative approach to recycling is bringing Berkeley County, and South Carolina, into the 21st century,” says Bill Peagler, who served as the supervisor of Berkeley County until late 2018. “This model encourages citizens to do what is environmentally friendly without the hassle of sorting, proving it is possible to increase recycling efforts in communities.”
Both facilities are currently processing about 100,000 to 120,000 tons of mixed material annually, although they each have the capacity to reach about 200,000 tons. More than 50 employees work at the facility in Berkeley, while about 40 work in Montgomery.
“These communities have committed to delivering their waste streams to us for the next 25 years. For us, having that certainty was a critically important part of opening these projects,” Gilhuly says.
Through the system
While the two facilities offer different solutions, both are relatively similar in terms of processing. The Montgomery facility can process up to 45 tons per hour, while the Berkeley facility can handle 50 tons per hour.
The material first heads through a low-speed shredder to break apart any bags and create an even flow into the main system. Then, only a few manual sorters per shift work on the front end to sort out any material that would clog up the system.
From there, it enters a series of screens that remove large, bulky items, organics and other fine material. Additional pneumatic air separation is used to separate lights from heavies. Magnets are deployed to capture ferrous metals, while eddy current separators remove aluminum cans. The material continues through BHS’s FiberPure screen and optical sorters to automate the recovery of clean fiber.
Even in the few months that passed between the opening of the facilities, Gilhuly says RPS made minor improvements on its operating system in Berkeley. The Berkeley facility’s most significant upgrades include nine BHS Max-AI autonomous quality control (AQC) robots.
“Berkeley has additional innovations and sequencing and overall improvements to the process that have evolved over time,” Gilhuly explains. “On a long-term basis, we’ll be continuing to automate and make the process more efficient.”
Once they pass through processing, old corrugated cardboard (OCC), polyethylene terephthalate (PET), high-density polyethylene (HDPE), aluminum and steel are baled with a PAAL Konti 500 to be sold into commodity markets. Meanwhile, lower grade papers and mixed plastics head to the Loesche Fuel System for fuel processing.
Waste to fuel
In the fuel system, after filters remove unwanted materials, the remaining material moves through mechanical size and moisture reduction equipment. After about 15 minutes, the resulting product is a homogenous fuel sized specifically for the end consumer and baled to be sold.
The resulting product doesn’t produce quite enough power to replace coal, but it does produce enough to act as an efficient supplement.
“Coal typically contains anywhere from 10,000 to 12,000 British thermal units (BTUs) per pound,” Gilhuly says. “Our fuel is about 9,000 BTU, so it’s comparable to coal.”
Between the two facilities, RPS is currently selling its fuel to three cement manufacturers. “We’re at the earlier stages of those relationships, and that will continue to expand over time,” Gilhuly says.
“On a long-term basis over the next 25 years, we will continue to work with that waste stream and see if we can find a higher or better use for it.” –Brian Gilhuly, CEO, RePower South
He adds that cement plants have a history of experimenting with alternative fuels to supplement their coal power, making them the most receptive customers to work with up front.
Accordant Energy developed RPS’s fuel technology over a period of more than 10 years through extensive research, pilot trials and a full-scale trial in a coal-fired utility power plant, where it was able to replace more than 10 percent of coal by energy, Gilhuly says.
The resulting fuel quality led to the EPA approving the fuel, known as ReEngineered Feedstock (ReEF), as a non-hazardous secondary material. This means plants can burn it under existing fossil fuel permits as opposed to a Commercial and Industrial Solid Waste Incineration permit.
RPS says up to 50 percent of the carbon in ReEF is biogenic and considered carbon neutral.
Just getting started
For now, RPS is aiming to turn about 35 percent of its waste stream into fuel, while about 15 to 20 percent is recycled and the rest heads to landfill. Material that heads to landfill is typically inert material, diapers, textiles, organics and other non-recyclables.
“On a long-term basis over the next 25 years, we will continue to work with that waste stream and see if we can find a higher or better use for it,” Gilhuly says. “We are motivated to divert and remove as much as we can from the waste stream.”
In addition to improving recovery rates, Gilhuly says he also wants to expand upon the types of consumers who use the fuel product to power their facilities. “I think over time, with more history, data, proof of consistency and with the quality of our fuel, others will be more receptive to it,” he says.
As for additional facilities, RPS has the license to use Accordant Energy’s technology in seven different states across the southeastern region of the U.S. Now that two facilities are up and running, Gilhuly says RPS is back in the market pursuing new projects, looking to build “as many of these as we can.”
But for the immediate future, RPS is focused on honing its process and diverting as much material from landfill as possible.
“Our challenge is to extract as much material as we possibly can, so to be as efficient as possible is our daily challenge,” Gilhuly says.
The author is the assistant editor for Waste Today magazine and can be reached at tcottom@gie.net.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/resources/pressroom/

Waste 360 September 3, 2019: Solid Recovered Fuels: The Next Frontier for Fossil Fuel Alternatives? By Arlene Karidis
In some applications, solid recovered fuel is expected to replace up to 100 percent of fossil fuels to generate electricity or heat. As the concept of renewable alternative fuel has evolved, so have several terms classifying these products. Some of those terms are “refuse-derived fuel” (RDF), “engineered fuel” and “solid recovered fuel.” On top of… Read More »

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://info@repowersouth.com/

Trash Isn’t Garbage.
Let’s recycle more and landfill less.
IT’S TIME TO:
- Recover recyclable materials bound for landfill
- Re-use trash instead of landfilling
- Create low carbon, clean, renewable fuel
- Generate sustainable, green jobs in your community
- Reduce our carbon footprint

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://briangilhuly@repowersouth.com/

Trash Isn’t Garbage.
Let’s recycle more and landfill less.
IT’S TIME TO:
- Recover recyclable materials bound for landfill
- Re-use trash instead of landfilling
- Create low carbon, clean, renewable fuel
- Generate sustainable, green jobs in your community
- Reduce our carbon footprint

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://scottmontgomery@repowersouth.com/

Trash Isn’t Garbage.
Let’s recycle more and landfill less.
IT’S TIME TO:
- Recover recyclable materials bound for landfill
- Re-use trash instead of landfilling
- Create low carbon, clean, renewable fuel
- Generate sustainable, green jobs in your community
- Reduce our carbon footprint

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/2019/06/16/the-register-guard-june-14-2019-innovative-eugene-business-bulk-handling-systems-develops-robotic-waste-sorting-machines-by-aliya-hall/

Ever since China stopped accepting U.S. recycled materials at the end of 2017, the future of recycling has been hanging in the balance. But Bulk Handling Systems in Eugene isn’t giving up that easy — in fact, the company is working on new, innovative ways to combat the recycling crisis.
“China went away, but there’s still a demand for recycling at a municipal level,” said Peter Raschio, Bulk Handling Systems marketing manager.
In the future, Raschio expects to see more domestic infrastructure in place to process the materials, but for now, the company is working on using technology to make the recycling process easier. Nationwide, there were 262.43 million tons of solid waste in 2015 — the most recent year for which data was available. In Oregon, there were 3.60 million tons of waste, according to the Statewide 2016 Waste Composition Study.
“Most of our development has come out of necessity in terms of the industry having an issue and trying to resolve it,” said Rich Reardon, the company’s vice president of sales and marketing. “It’s been that way going forward, any time there’s a problem we find a way to solve it. We’ve been fortunate enough that every solution we come to market with is something unique, mostly because that’s what works the best.”
Since its founding in 1976, Bulk Handling Systems has been changing the recycling game by introducing a unique tri-disc design that helps separate and sort materials. That innovation is the bread and butter of the company’s operations.
At this point, Bulk Handling Systems is one of the only companies that uses a color camera and sorts material off the belt to better organize the material types for reuse — setting the company apart in the recycling industry.
Bulk Handling Systems uses optic sorting with infrared and X-ray scans to help sort recycling plastics and paper from garbage. They determine the different polymer types that the plastic is classified by. The machine does it through a “discriminate pick,” meaning that anything made of that composition will be detected. The color camera comes into play when material, such as milk jugs or detergent bottles, comes down the line, because while they are classified as a specific plastic, they are two different polymer types and need to be sorted accordingly; this also is true for fiber, such as determining cardboard from newspaper.
Although competitors also use optic and air sorting — using air jets to separate material as it comes off a belt — another aspect to Bulk Handling Systems’ operation that sets it apart is the scanner detects the material as it comes off the belt, to sort it immediately. Other companies have their scanner on the line, but if the material rolls or moves, it can be sorted incorrectly.
Also helping the company innovate is National Recovery Technologies, or NRT, which is one of the companies Bulk Handling Systems has acquired, Raschio added. National Recovery is a leader in optical sorting and has a patent on its methods.
“It’s a competitive advantage for us,” he said.
Another piece of sorting equipment used is a robotic sorter called the Max-AI, which can replace a human sorter. Although this technology uses cameras, the real breakthrough is the machine’s ability to process multiple images every second through its AI to identify materials and make decisions near real time.
Reardon explained that along with labor rates, there also is a safety concern in dealing with quasi-hazardous material — particularly when people don’t recycle correctly — and automating that job while having human supervision has a huge impact on the industry. A Max-AI can make up to 65 picks per minute, while manual sorting can achieve around 30 to 40 picks per minute.
“It’s difficult to maintain these numbers throughout a shift,” Raschio said. “However, when our customers are thinking about adding a Max-AI solution to their operation they look at more than a pick-to-pick comparison. Staffing these facilities is a constant challenge — the work is dirty, dull and dangerous, and the positions are difficult to fill and even more difficult to keep filled.”
Videos of the Max-AI has made the rounds across the internet, receiving more than 300,000 total views on YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn and other forms of social media.
RePower South, a recycling and recovery facility in Berkeley County, South Carolina, started up a new facility on April 30 with Bulk Handling Systems equipment. It is one of the most advanced in the world, with the automated system processing mixed waste at more than 50 tons per hour.
“With (National Recovery Technologies’) optical and Max-AI technology, we have an almost unlimited degree of flexibility to create a wide variety of high-quality products to serve multiple markets,” said RePower South president Scott Montgomery. “The technology maximizes the recovery and quality of those products and with Max-AI technology there’s no real need to expose people to this work.”
The most high-tech material recovery facility in Oregon is Pioneer Recycling Services in Clackamas, which uses the optical and robotic sorters, but Bulk Handling Systems equipment also is in place in Salem, Portland and Eugene.
“In general, Oregon is behind other West Coast states when it comes to its recycling system infrastructure,” Raschio said. “As an example, since the launch of Max-AI in 2017, we have sold 25 robotic sorters in the state of California and two in the state of Oregon.”
Bulk Handling Systems has sold more than 70 Max-AI Units, including recent installations in Australia and Norway. The robot launched in April 2017, and recently Bulk Handling Systems launched its new Max-AI AQC (for autonomous quality control) design and its collaborative robot, or CoBot, solution, the Max-AI AQC-C.
“We want high recovery, purity of products and to minimize the operating cost to do this,” Reardon said. “When we’re doing these innovations, we’re doing so to make recycling not just profitable, but workable. Otherwise, wanting to recycle isn’t enough; we want to do these things but if there is no market value for the expense of recovering a plastic bottle, then it won’t get done.”
He added that one of the main benefits of his job is that it really does help the planet. One of the markets Reardon’s interested in seeing evolve is the merging of recycling and energy production. The industry is starting to see more of turning organic waste into methane gas that can be put back into generators.
The company has two facilities in Eugene, one for corporate offices and the other for fabrication. Bulk Handling Systems has 185 of its 207 employees in Eugene.
For a single system, Bulk Handling Systems will ship out 3 million pounds of steel from its facility, and each job can cost around $50 million. Conservatively, Raschio estimated Bulk Handling Systems ships more than 300 pieces of sorting equipment a year; one of its larger sorting systems itself accounts for 198 unique pieces of equipment. They normally expect to process and ship 6 to 10 million pounds of steel annually.
Ryan McGinnis, operations manager, has been with Bulk Handling Systems for 11 years in multiple departments. When it comes to the overall recycling process, he said the industry is focusing on the wrong thing. While it’s important to train people to actively recycle, he said the biggest change needs to be made in the way companies use technology to process the waste.
“Everyone’s so focused on single bin, but the more we’re finding out is our technology can pull out 75% of recyclables out of the waste stream that’s just garbage,” he said. “A lot of things are happening in the industry to make it a greener, more profitable footprint.”
Raschio added that recycling garbage is something people want to do and it’s not slowing down — neither is the output.
Companies that produce the “virgin materials” also are taking more responsibility now, Reardon said. Coca Cola, as an example, is taking more responsibility to use recycled products created from the waste that it made in the first place.
As the recycling landscape expands and changes, Bulk Handling Systems will be keeping up. McGinnis said there is always something new to do: “It’s a challenging environment and a fun place to be.”

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/2019/09/11/recycling-today-september-5-2019-prattville-alabama-rolls-out-new-recycling-program-by-kelly-maile/

Prattville, Alabama, is on a path to improve recycling. The city is revamping its recycling program with a new partnership with RePower South (RPS), Montgomery, Alabama, with hopes to capture and divert more material from landfill and make recycling easier for residents and businesses.
Before, Prattville, along with other cities in Autauga County, provided large recycling bins throughout the city and county. Inmates from the Alabama Department of Corrections then sorted the material from the bins and the city’s recycling drop-off center. The service was free to the city.
“The DOC came to us about two months ago and said we’re shutting the program down,” says Dale Gandy, public works director. “The program was not feasible anymore. When the DOC said we’re shutting the program down, it was perfect timing.”
Within the last year, Prattville has been looking at ways to improve its recycling program. The city, which owns and operates its own sanitation department, began a curbside pickup program for mixed paper and cardboard about a year ago. The city sells the paper collected through the program, along with metals collected at the drop-off center, to Mount Scrap Material Co., Montgomery. Gandy says the city makes between $60 and $90 per ton for the recycled cardboard and paper. Through the new partnership, residents will be able to commingle waste and recyclables in one bin, which will be collected and transported by the sanitation department to RPS for processing.
“A year ago, we started talking about how to improve the recycling program,” Gandy says. “Cardboard, paper and metals, we could collect and make a profit. We also started looking at RePower South six months ago.”
August, the city signed a three-year contract with RPS, which processes municipal solid waste (MSW), recovering recyclables, to produce a fuel feedstock. RPS employs a variety of technology at the facility, including disc screens and infrared sorters, to recover and sort polyethylene terephthalate (PET), high-density polyethylene (HDPE), steel, aluminum and mixed paper from the waste stream before it’s sent to landfill.
The new program will reach the city’s 35,000 residents as opposed to the 12,000 households and businesses that were participating in the curbside and drop-off program.
“We have a large portion of our community that is committed to recycling. The partnership with RePower South makes recycling easier for our citizens and enables 100 percent community participation,” says Mayor Bill Gillespie Jr.
Gandy adds, “The city owns and operates the sanitation department. We weren’t under any contractual obligation with an outside entity, which allowed us to be able to do this.”
The city also has modified the recycling bins across town to accept only mixed paper and cardboard and plans to roll out more of the collection bins across the city in the future.
Alabama’s recycling rate is about 16 percent, according to the Alabama Department of Environmental Management, which is lower than the national average of 34 percent. The state is also falling behind on organics collections and composting, with no large-scale operations to handle food and yard waste and other compostable materials, according to an online report by AL.com.
Prattville and Hunstville, one of Alabama’s largest cities, are among the cities revamping recycling programs to capture more landfill-bound material and increase recycling rates. Hunstvillehas launched a new curbside recycling program called Recycling Alliance of North Alabama (RANA), which provides residents with larger bins and reaches more cities and counties in the state.
“We’ve changed how we do things to help make recycling better for us and better for the citizens,” Gandy says. “We may be doing it a whole different way in a year from now.”
Read the full story here: https://www.recyclingtoday.com/article/prattville-alabama-municipal-recycling-program/

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/2019/09/11/waste-today-magazine-september-6-2019-whats-new-in-waste-conversion-technology-by-steve-simmons/

By now, solid waste managers know the overseas markets for traditional recyclable materials have been inverted due to import bans and restrictions put in place by China. To boot, China’s actions are having a ripple effect across the globe as more countries adopt waste and material bans or expand their restrictions.
While this is certainly affecting the industry, it will not be the end of community-based recycling programs as we know them. Thanks in large part to these recent challenges, the emphasis in recycling is now on quality as opposed to quantity.
Many community programs are dropping low- and no-value materials to focus on the “Big Four”: corrugated cardboard, No. 1 and 2 plastic containers, and metal containers. The value for mixed paper and mixed resin plastics is currently low, and in some instances, recycling has become the highest cost waste management option. So, what can forward-thinking North American solid waste managers and policy leaders do other than accept, or even increase, the amount of solid waste being sent to landfill?
Traditional combustion-based waste- to-energy plants are highly reliable with predictable costs, but given today’s low electricity values, they are not economical, which is why maybe now is the time to take another look at emerging waste conversion technologies. A lot of potential exists for waste conversion solutions, and several technology suppliers are even advancing projects and starting up their first full-scale commercial facilities this year.
Mixed waste processing with mechanical biological treatment (MBT)
MBT encompasses a broad array of technologies that use mechanical and biological processes to recover recyclables, stabilize organic material, generate energy and produce products.
MBT facilities have enjoyed broad adoption across the European Union (EU), where they are used to recover recyclables and produce solid recovered fuel (SRF) that can serve as a substitute for coal. By one count, there are over 300 MBT facilities operating in the EU presently. Large industrial firms and, more specifically, cement manufacturers in the EU, have adopted aggressive SRF-utilization goals as a component of their corporate sustainability plans. The carbon content of SRF is about 50 percent biogenic, and several companies occupying the space (Buzzi Unicem, LafargeHolcim, Titan, etc.) also operate cement manufacturing facilities in the U.S., which aid in meeting their worldwide sustainability goals.
Two of the emerging waste conversion companies, EntsorgaWest Virginia and RePower South, are putting the finishing touches on MBT facilities designed to produce an alternative solid fuel from municipal solid waste here in the U.S.
Entsorga West Virginia in Martinsburg is a partnership between Apple Valley Waste Technologies, Entsorga USA and BioHiTech Global. It is the first application of EntsorgaItalia’s proprietary High Efficiency Biological Treatment (HEBioT) technology in the U.S. This technology utilizes a system of mechanical equipment to preprocess inbound waste, removing dry, oversized constituents prior to placing the remaining high-moisture material into holding bunkers for biological treatment. Air is drawn through the stored waste mass, drying it to a desired moisture level. Once dried, the treated material is extracted from the bunker and further processed to recover valuable material and remove unwanted contaminants, and then it is sized to create a valuable fuel product. The fuel product is sold to a local cement manufacturing facility.
RePower South of Charleston, South Carolina, is a privately owned firm. The company has begun operation at two facilities this year—one just outside of Charleston and a second in Montgomery, Alabama. The South Carolina facility was a greenfield development project, while the Montgomery facility encompassed the refurbishment and remodeling of a failed waste processing facility. Both the Charleston and Montgomery facilities utilize mechanical systems to screen in-bound waste for undesirable contaminants, recover valuable materials and size the balance of the waste material to create a valuable fuel product for use as a coal substitute. The Charleston facility is privately owned and was financed by tax exempt bonds and private equity. The Montgomery facility is publicly owned with RePower South financing the facility refurbishments and the fuel production system.
In the public sector, the Wasatch Integrated Waste Management District (WIWMD) in Utah is constructing what will be a publicly owned and operated mixed waste processing facility. For many years, the WIWMD operated a traditional mass-burn waste-to-energy facility, which sold electricity to the local power grid and steam to a nearby U.S. Air Force base. When the base greatly curtailed the amount of steam it purchased, the waste-to-energy facility was no longer economical. Instead of falling back to landfilling, the WIWMD elected to develop a mixed waste processing facility. The processing facility will be used to increase the volume of valuable recyclables recovered from the waste stream and will be able to produce an engineered fuel for a nearby cement kiln. The facility is fully financed, and design engineering is underway, with groundbreaking slated for later this year.
Fiberight LLC has its own version of MBT technology, which is being demonstrated at a new facility outside of Bangor, Maine. The facility is designed to recover and produce an array of products from 600 tons per day of municipal solid waste (MSW) and single-stream recyclables. The facility’s front-end processing system will screen inbound material and recover traditional recyclables such as containers, OCC and metals. The remaining material will then be subjected to a wet processing system wherein low-quality fiber will be recovered and upgraded into market-quality fiber pulp. Within the wet processing system, soluble organics, such as food waste, will be recovered and eventually converted into renewable natural gas via the facility’s in-house wastewater treatment plant. Finally, plastic film will be recovered for use as an engineered fuel. The facility is privately owned and was financed through a combination of equity from Ultra Capital, a sustainable infrastructure fund and tax-exempt bonds. The facility will serve 104 communities in Maine.
Mixed waste composting and anaerobic digestion
Composting alone or in combination with anaerobic digestion is a proven strategy for select, source-separated constituents of the solid waste stream, but successful applications with the full municipal waste stream are still limited. A limiting factor appears to be the difficulty of cleaning the resultant compost to make a relatively contaminant-free product. Cleaning technologies from Europe are available, but they are considered expensive in the U.S. market. Mixed MSW compost is a mostly unknown commodity in the environmental regulatory arena, so market development work is required to successfully advance projects.
Waste to biofuels
Technologies to convert MSW to renewable transportation fuels, primarily cellulosic ethanol and diesel, have long captured the eye of visionary entrepreneurs. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA’s) Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) can provide indirect subsidies approaching $200 per ton of MSW for cellulosic ethanol. Some federal loan guarantees can significantly lower a facility’s cost of capital, which is important as waste-to-biofuels facilities are very capital intensive. A 1,000-ton-per-day waste-to-biofuel facility can cost over $500 million to construct, so these technologies are generally economically feasible only at sizes of 1,000 tons per day or more.
Enerkem Alberta Biofuels, located outside of Edmonton, Canada, is the only commercially operating MSW-to-biofuels facility in North America. Designed to produce 10 million gallons per year of ethanol, construction of the facility began in 2014. In 2016, it produced bio-methanol as a renewable chemical feedstock. In 2017, it was certified by the U.S. EPA to produce and sell bioethanol through the U.S. Renewable Fuel Standard. Enerkem, its investors and partners are developing additional facilities in North America and Europe.
Fulcrum BioEnergy has begun construction of its Sierra BioFuels facility outside Reno, Nevada. Once completed in 2020, the facility is expected to convert 175,000 tons per year of MSW into low-carbon Syncrude, which can be further processed into biofuels at a nearby oil refinery. The facility is privately owned and financed through a combination of private equity and tax-exempt bonds.
Chemical recycling of plastic waste
A relatively new strategy for waste conversion is the chemical recycling of plastic waste. Chemical recycling of plastics involves the conversion of plastic waste into a liquid hydrocarbon that can then be used to produce new products. The conversion process typically involves a pyrolysis technology, which is akin to gasification. With the heightened visibility of the impact of single-use plastics on the environment, this is a sorely needed technology in the current market.
There are several technology providers developing their first chemical recycling facility. Most recently, BrightmarkEnergy broke ground on its first commercial scale plastics-to-fuel facility in Indiana. The facility is designed to convert 100,000 tons per year of mixed waste plastics into 18 million gallons per year of low-sulfur diesel and waxes. Additionally, Agilyx has operated a demonstration facility outside of Portland, Oregon, for several years.
Conversion to electricity
Noticeably absent from any list of projects coming online are those deploying high-temperature processes, such as gasification or pyrolysis, to generate electricity. This is a reflection of electricity being a relatively low-value product that does not support the capital intensity of these complex technologies at the moment. As long as fracking continues to provide an abundant supply of inexpensive natural gas for electricity production in the U.S., this fact is unlikely to change.
What’s next?
Solid waste visionaries have long waited for advanced waste conversion technologies to move from the research stage, through the demonstration phase, and into commercial operation. With the current activity in this space, 2019 might be the year wherein that wait finally pays off. However, it may take another two to three years of successful operation with several of these technologies before the most conservative of solid waste managers accept them into their community waste management system.
You may read the article here: https://www.wastetodaymagazine.com/article/waste-conversion-markets-biofuels-anaerobic-digestion/
This article originally ran in the July-August issue of Waste Today. Steve Simmons is the president of Gershman, Brickner & Bratton. He can be reached at ssimmons@gbbinc.com.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/2019/09/11/resource-recycling-september-4-2019-mixed-waste-recovery-another-useful-tool-but-no-silver-bullet-by-colin-staub/

The leader of mixed-waste processor RePower South recently spoke on why recovering recyclables from the trash stream is a good option in certain cases.
RePower South launched in 2013, licensing technology that creates a solid fuel from waste materials. The company has been working to advance several projects in the Southeast U.S. Now, the company has two major projects underway, in Montgomery, Ala. and Berkeley County, S.C.
During the 2019 Resource Recycling Conference and Trade Show in New Orleans last week, company CEO Scott Montgomery shared a detailed description of the processes employed in both communities. He also elaborated on the role of mixed-waste processing alongside the recycling industry.
“We’re not the silver bullet by any means,” Montgomery said. “I think that we’re just one of many companies trying new things to increase recycling.”
Process fits the bill
RePower’s technology was developed as a way to get more material out of the waste stream, Montgomery said.
The communities in which RePower operates were in positions that made the business model a good fit, Montgomery explained.
Berkeley County, for instance, was “never going to do single-stream,” Montgomery said. The county had studied adding curbside collection of recyclables, he said, but as a partly rural county that is experiencing significant population growth, officials determined the cost of recycling collection would be too high.
“We’re set up at their landfill. The haulers bring everything to us. The difference is we process it and try to get as much out of it as we can,” Montgomery said.
In Montgomery, the former Infinitus Renewable Energy Park (IREP) mixed-waste facility had trouble making its business model pencil out, and the facility eventually closed. The plant was taken over by the city, which put out a bid for a new operator to start running it again. Proposals came in to reopen the facility as either mixed-waste processing plant or a single-stream MRF.
“The only person that came to the table for single-stream required the city to put in multiple millions of dollars, which they were not willing to do,” Montgomery said. RePoweroffered to put its own capital into the facility. The bid was ultimately accepted.
RePower has 25-year agreements with both communities. In both cases, there was no requirement for the community to commit money to the project. And RePower has profit-share agreements in both cases.
“It doesn’t work for every community, I’m sure of that,” Montgomery said, noting that RePower has bid on several projects that it ultimately did not get selected for.
The RePower model, extracting recyclables out of the trash stream where recycling collection is not offered, differs from mixed-waste facilities in some other locations. For example, a mixed-waste MRF in San Leandro, Calif.is designed to sort the trash stream from communities that already have curbside recycling; the mixed-waste operation acts as a last chance to recover any remaining recyclables that made it to the trash. A similar facility is being planned in Santa Barbara County, Calif.
How it works
RePower takes in municipal solid waste at its facilities and performs a number of processing steps to extract recyclable materials from that stream.
The process recovers steel, aluminum, PET, colored and natural HDPE, PP and certain fiber grades. Paper and plastics that are not recoverable for recycling are processed for use as dry fuel. Other materials, such as “inerts” and green waste, head for disposal.
RePower diverts about 15% of material in the waste stream for recycling, Montgomery said, and the company recovers another 35% of the stream for fuel.
“If somebody has a profitable, or at least a break-even solution for the organics, we’re all ears,” Montgomery said. “Because that’s a big part of what goes back to the landfill.”
Both Berkeley County and Montgomery, Ala. run their own landfills, although that’s not a requirement for the RePowermodel, Montgomery said.
The Alabama facility had a good amount of mixed waste processing equipment in place when RePower took over, but the company made some significant modifications. The company added a fuel conversion system and a shredder on the front end to cut down on materials that would jam the sorting line.
The Alabama plant can process 120,000 tons per year. That plant started up in January and is now processing 100,000 tons per year, Montgomery said, or about 42 tons per hour. There are 60 employees, and it relies more on manual sorting than the South Carolina site.
The Berkeley, S.C. facility is running at about 50 tons per hour and has 45 employees. RePower raised $12 million in equity and sold $43 million in bonds to finance the project.
It’s a bit different from the Alabama site, particularly the equipment. In addition to numerous optical sorters, the South Carolina plant has nine robots performing quality control, meaning the facility has fewer employees. Montgomery said he’d like to have robots in the pre-sort area as well, given the potential danger in that part of the facility, but that technology is still on the way.
“We wanted as much technology as we could, because we could afford to when we financed it with a 25-year contract,” he said.
The quality control robots have the ability to “learn” from mistakes and improve their sorting abilities accordingly.
Both the Alabama and South Carolina sites have a rocket mill, which is a system that prepares material for conversion into fuel.
“It pulverizes, shreds and also dries the paper and plastics that can’t be recycled, and that’s what we bale up as our fuel and sell to cement mills,” Montgomery said.
Commodity sales
RePower isn’t recovering mixed paper, although Montgomery said he’d like to because it would increase diversion, potentially allowing the company to hit 65 to 70% recovery. But the company sells OCC, plastics, aluminum and steel just like any other recycling facility.
“I won’t say we haven’t had any rejects, but now that we’ve gotten our quality up, now that we’ve been running for a couple months, we’re selling everything and it’s going well,” he said. “If the mixed-paper market would come back we could certainly do that, [but] to add the people for the quality control just doesn’t make economic sense right now, so our diversion is less because of that.”
The fuel product, which is essentially shredded and dried paper and plastic, is baled and shrink-wrapped for storage outdoors. RePower sells it to cement mills, which can generally use the fuel easily. The biggest fuel concern is making sure no PVC gets into the fuel. The chlorine content is detrimental to the material being used for fuel. To combat this, RePower is particularly careful to remove PVC using the optical sorters. Other solid recovered fuel producers, including BioHiTech Global, take similar steps to avoid PVC in their streams.
“What we didn’t realize is that there’s so much chlorine and salt in the organics, and in the mixed waste processing that’s been a challenge to clean it up,” Montgomery said. “But it just took us a couple months and we’ve gotten there.”
The fuel burns at 9,500 to 10,000 BTUs, making it “not too far off from coal,” Montgomery said. It’s also relatively clean-burning compared with coal, he added.
Click here to read the article: https://resource-recycling.com/recycling/2019/09/04/mixed-waste-recovery-another-useful-tool-but-no-silver-bullet/

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/2019/10/24/repower-south-to-accept-charleston-county-recyclables/

RPS Berkeley to help Charleston residents recycle more and landfill less
Charleston, S.C.—South Carolina-based RePower South (RPS) recently announced that it has begun accepting single stream recyclables from Charleston County at its Berkeley County Recycling and Recovery Facility. RPS offers a cost effective recycling and landfill diversion solution that expands recycling recovery across the entire waste stream and produces a low carbon, renewable fuel.
“We are grateful the counties were able to come together to benefit the broader Lowcountry community,” says RPS Chief Executive Officer Brian Gilhuly. “Similar recycling programs across the country are struggling and Charleston was no exception. RePower South’s Berkeley facility is the most advanced recycling and recovery facility in the nation and we are thrilled to serve Berkeley and Charleston County businesses and residents in their mission to recycle more and landfill less.”
The RPS Berkeley facility opened in April 2019 and, using state-of-the-art systems, is able to process both source segregated recyclable materials and everyday waste. In today’s commodity markets, many communities are struggling to offer sustainable recycling and landfill diversion options to their businesses and residents. RPS tailors its programs to community objectives to cost effectively recycle more and keep waste out of the landfill. RPS’ approach enables Berkeley and Charleston Counties to do what is environmentally friendly, demonstrating flexibility and community commitment.
“Greater recycling, less landfilling and cleaner air is good for the Lowcountry, our state and our nation,” adds Gilhuly.
About RePower South
RePower South is an advanced recycling, recovery and renewable energy company, helping transform communities toward a sustainable waste and energy future. We recover recyclable materials from the waste stream typically landfilled and further extract non-recyclable papers and plastics to manufacture a low carbon, renewable fuel to replace coal. RePower South holds an exclusive regional license from Accordant Energy, LLC for the development, manufacture and sale of ReEngineered Feedstock fuel, an EPA determined non-hazardous secondary material. RePower South increases community recycling, diversion from landfill, and use of clean energy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/2019/11/01/waste-360-october-29-2019-repower-south-now-accepts-charleston-county-s-c-recyclables/

RPS offers a cost-effective recycling and landfill diversion solution that expands recycling recovery across the entire waste stream and produces a low carbon, renewable fuel.
South Carolina-based RePower South (RPS) has begun accepting single stream recyclables from Charleston County, S.C., at its Berkeley County Recycling and Recovery Facility. RPS offers a cost-effective recycling and landfill diversion solution that expands recycling recovery across the entire waste stream and produces a low carbon, renewable fuel.
“We are grateful the counties were able to come together to benefit the broader Lowcountry community,” said RPS CEO Brian Gilhuly in a statement. “Similar recycling programs across the country are struggling, and Charleston was no exception. RePower South’s Berkeley facility is the most advanced recycling and recovery facility in the nation, and we are thrilled to serve Berkeley and Charleston County businesses and residents in their mission to recycle more and landfill less.”
The RPS Berkeley facility opened in April and uses state-of-the-art systems to process both source-segregated recyclable materials and everyday waste. In today’s commodity markets, many communities are struggling to offer sustainable recycling and landfill diversion options to their businesses and residents. RPS tailors its programs to community objectives to cost effectively recycle more and keep waste out of the landfill. RPS’ approach enables Berkeley and Charleston Counties to do what is environmentally friendly, demonstrating flexibility and community commitment.
South Carolina-based RePower South (RPS) has begun accepting single stream recyclables from Charleston County, S.C., at its Berkeley County Recycling and Recovery Facility. RPS offers a cost-effective recycling and landfill diversion solution that expands recycling recovery across the entire waste stream and produces a low carbon, renewable fuel.
“We are grateful the counties were able to come together to benefit the broader Lowcountry community,” said RPS CEO Brian Gilhuly in a statement. “Similar recycling programs across the country are struggling, and Charleston was no exception. RePower South’s Berkeley facility is the most advanced recycling and recovery facility in the nation, and we are thrilled to serve Berkeley and Charleston County businesses and residents in their mission to recycle more and landfill less.”
The RPS Berkeley facility opened in April and uses state-of-the-art systems to process both source-segregated recyclable materials and everyday waste. In today’s commodity markets, many communities are struggling to offer sustainable recycling and landfill diversion options to their businesses and residents. RPS tailors its programs to community objectives to cost effectively recycle more and keep waste out of the landfill. RPS’ approach enables Berkeley and Charleston Counties to do what is environmentally friendly, demonstrating flexibility and community commitment.
“Greater recycling, less landfilling and cleaner air is good for the Lowcountry, our state and our nation,” said Gilhuly.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/2019/05/23/waste-today-may-21-2019-repower-south-aims-to-enhance-recycling-by-kelly-maile/

CEO Brian Gilhuly talks vision behind new recycling and recovery facilities
RePower South (RPS), Moncks Corner, South Carolina, has changed the economics of mixed waste processing by recovering and recycling more material and converting nonrecyclable paper and plastics that are typically sent to landfill into a clean, low-carbon renewable fuel.
With the opening of two RePower South facilities in Berkeley County, South Carolina, and Montgomery, Alabama, Waste Today talked with RePower South Co-founder and CEO Brain Gilhuly about the vision behind the projects and how RePower South is enhancing recycling in communities.
Waste Today (WT): RePower South opened its first operating facility at the former Infinitus Renewable Energy Park (IREP) mixed waste processing facility in Montgomery, Alabama. What modifications and changes did RePower South make at the plant to ensure successful operations?
Brain Gilhuly (BG): In the existing front-end system, designed by Oregon-based Bulk Handling Systems (BHS), we had to create the ability to capture material for our fuel feedstock. We did alter the existing system. We allowed it to continue to recover recyclable commodities, but also allowed it to capture material we want to capture for our fuel and send that to a fuel manufacturing line that has been added at the plant.
WT: How is RePower South’s process different from traditional material recovery facilities (MRFs) and mixed waste processing facilities?
BG: We process MSW and single-stream to recover recyclable commodities, including PET, HDPE, steel, aluminum and mixed paper, and sell those in their normal commodity markets, but we also recover nonrecyclable paper and plastics. Those are largely the materials that aren’t of quality for current recycling markets, and we process that material into fuel for utility, cement companies and paper mills to use.
A lot of the technology that we’re deploying are technologies used throughout the industry. We’re doing so mechanically with discs and screens. We’re also doing so pneumatically using air for density separation. We’re using infrared sorters to sort material based on chemical composition. We’re also deploying the BHS Max-AI. A lot of that technology is utilized in the industry today, but I think it’s really the order and way in which we’re using it that makes it different.
WT: What led to the formation of RePower South?
BG: I have two co-founding partners, Justin Converse and Jim Bohlig. The fuel technology itself came from a company Jim had worked at years ago, Casella Waste Systems, Rutland, Vermont. The technology was sold from Casella to ReCommunity, North Carolina, and ReCommunity formed Accordant Energy, Rutland, Vermont, to license the fuel technology. RePower South was formed as the first licensor of that technology.
Originally, we looked at recycling and saw recycling had largely plateaued years ago in terms of the amount of commodities being recovered via both single-stream and dual-stream recycling. Initially, some of the limitations were collection restrictions. Over the years, it’s continued to expand in many different communities, but then I think with some of the fall of commodities it began to contract. There’s less and less collection that occurs. It was both the collection piece and just general participation. Even if you have a bin, roughly 60 percent of people that have access to it utilize it. We were looking for a way to recycle more.
WT: What are the setbacks of mixed waste processing and how did RePower South set out to change the model to recycle and recover more material?
BG: I think historically mixed waste processing has not been accepted or deployed by the markets largely because of economic constraints. They take in the mixed waste. They get paid a tip fee for it. They have various levels of investment in processing and labor and recover 20 to 30 percent of recycled commodities and pay to landfill 70 to 80 percent of material that is unprocessed.
We changed the economic model of that in that we get paid a tip fee. We can recover the same recycled commodities, but now we’re taking a good chunk of the balance of the waste stream and turning it into ReEngineered Feedstock. We took a landfill expense and now we’ve turned that into a revenue stream. That changed the overall dynamic of the economic model and that’s largely what we set out to do.
WT: What are the challenges of starting up recycling and recovery facilities in new communities?
BG: Change for communities is probably the largest hurdle because economically we’re able to offer a program that’s more cost-effective, more recycling and less landfill for a community, so the merits of the program make all the sense in the world, but making the change, whether it’s political or municipal, has been difficult.
Working with Berkeley County has been fantastic. They had the courage to do something different. They did not have recycling other than an opt-in program and the participation was low. They wanted to deliver recycling to the community and recognized landfilling less at the municipal landfill here was a great benefit to the community.
I think there are some misconceptions in the market that we are somehow challenging recycling, but we really view ourselves as enhancing recycling and recovering more material that is available to be recovered. It may not be done so in the traditional way as current recycling programs are done, but we think that we’ll bring more material to the market than less. Hopefully, with some proven performance in these plants, others will see the light in terms of the benefits that we can provide to communities at large.
WT: What is the long-term vision for RePower South?
BG: For these projects, producing quality projects via recycled products or fuel is our sole focus, but we’ll continue to look at the waste stream and see if there are other ways we can reuse additional components of that material. If we can invest and do that and continue to reduce the amount of material that does go to landfill. On the broader scale, we certainly hope to open more of these facilities and serve other communities around the Southeast.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.repowersouth.com/2019/05/18/waste-360-may-16-2019-repower-south-launches-state-of-the-art-mrf-in-berkeley-county-s-c-by-arlene-karidis/

The facility became fully operational in late April and can process 200,000 tons a year leveraging both mechanical processes and automated technologies.
Until late April, not many residents of Berkeley County, S.C., recycled, as they either had to hire and pay a private hauler or drive materials to a drop-off center. Now they have another option, and all they have to do is toss salvageable materials in with their trash, which will be sorted and made into commodities for plastics, paper and metal manufacturers, or made into an engineered fuel to power industrial plants.
The Berkeley facility, which is owned and operated by RePower South , became fully operational in late April and can process 200,000 tons a year leveraging both mechanical processes and automated “smart” technologies.
The company launched a similar facility earlier in 2019 in Montgomery, Ala., that can manage about 170,000 tons a year.
At the front end, old corrugated cardboard, polyethylene terephthalate (PET), high-density polyethylene (HDPE), aluminum and steel will be processed and baled, says Brian Gilhuly, CEO of RePower South.
Engineered fuel will be made from much of what’s left, in the form of size-reduced shred.
“Shred is specifically designed for fuel delivery systems at cement or industrial facilities (our customers). And it’s cheaper to produce than pelletized fuel, so we can pass on production savings,” says Gilhuly.
There also are regulatory advantages, as engineered fuel is considered a non-waste fuel, which falls under the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s normal fossil fuel rules.
“Customers can fire this low-carbon, renewable fuel without changing their traditional fossil fuel air permits because it’s cleaner than coal,” says Gilhuly.
The Berkeley materials recovery facility (MRF) employs screens and pneumatic air separation for lights and heavies. Magnets remove metals. Infrared optical sorters manage PET and HDPE as well as act as a final filter to remove unwanted contaminants, such as remaining metals and chlorides.
Newer technology called Max-AI automates the quality control process, leveraging a computer to identify materials based on images and a robotic arm to pull objects from the conveyor or allow them to pass.
“Additionally, this system provides a data set of exactly what material is being presented. So now, for example, if I get a lot of aluminum cans on my PET belt, I have data showing this and to help determine why. I can go back to the recovery process and adjust to pull aluminum earlier,” says Gilhuly.
At Berkeley, about 10 to 15 positions will be handled by machines, which Gilhuly says are lower paid, difficult jobs with high turnover. There will be about 50 employees, including four human pickers per shift with the remaining staff handling receipt of material, managing inventory and shipping and maintaining equipment.
Bulk Handling Systems (BHS) provided all the equipment for the Berkeley and Montgomery facilities. The fuel system was provided by Loesche.
“We have successfully deployed the front-end, patented processing system in mixed waste and mixed recyclables settings. The key part of the process involves separating high-value commodities from the organic and inert part of the waste stream, and then a series of refinements using screening, air, optical and robotic technology,” says Steve Miller, CEO of Bulk Handling Systems.
The non-recyclable paper and plastics fed into the Loesche Rocket Mill are reduced, and much of the moisture is eliminated, raising the calorific value. The end product—engineered fuel—is considered a more refined refuse-derived fuel in that it is highly processed with minimal-to-no inerts, metals and polyvinyl chloride.
Each engineered fuel customer has unique needs, and setting up for them entailed an understanding of the material handling and boiler configuration in each scenario, explains Daniel Hughes, interim managing director of Loesche Energy Systems.
The Loesche Rocket Mill has several attributes that are unique in comparison to traditional shredders, he says. Among them, screens can easily be changed to control size reduction of the fuel. Material is smashed rather than cut to produce a fluffier material that burns better. And the Rocket Mill rejects metals and other heavy contaminants, ensuring a cleaner product.
Storelli Recycling will market commodities from traditional recyclable materials.
“[With increasing and changing market demands], the addition of robots and optical sorters has given us an opportunity to evaluate all materials and understand what’s in the stream. This includes outhrows, which allow us to better inspect what comes in to see what other commodities we can salvage,” says Victor Storelli, chief financial officer of Storelli.
For now, about 40 percent of the incoming stream will be landfilled, about 20 to 25 percent will be recovered as traditional blue bin materials and about 35 percent will be salvageable as fuel.
“While there will still be residue that goes to landfill, we will continuously look at the balance of the stream to figure out how to divert more material,” says Gilhuly.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------