ROOT: https://electrifyamerica.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:01:33.378974Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/

More chargers, more freedom. Since 2016, Electrify America has made EV charging more accessible. Now, we’re powering your EV journey as the largest open Hyper-Fast charging network in the U.S.
Hyper-Fast EV Chargers
in North America
EV Charging Stations
in North America
Hundreds of thousands of EV owners rely on our coast-to-coast network every week. No matter if you're heading to work, running errands, or road-tripping across the country, you can count on us to keep you moving. Plug in. Power up. Go.
We'll guide you through the charging process from beginning to end until you become a pro.
Become a Pass+ member to save about 25% on charging.
Built for today, ready for tomorrow — Electrify America is leading the way with more speed, a dedicated testing facility, and smarter tech, like our award-winning deployment of battery energy storage systems (BESS).
Stay in the loop of current and planned maintenance so you can plan accordingly.
We're building a grid-friendly charging network through Electrify America Solar GlowTM 1 and other initiatives.
Read about our latest innovations, which power today and innovate tomorrow.
Whether to want to own or host a station, we'll power the entire journey for you.
LEARN MORE →Whether you charge with us frequently or only during road trips, our mission is to make your charge as seamless possible, so can can plug in, power up, and go.
ABOUT US →

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/about-us/

About Electrify America
Our Mission
To be the most trusted EV charging brand, Electrify America is a catalyst for promoting Zero-Emission Vehicle (ZEV) adoption by offering transformative customer-centric infrastructure and energy management solutions.
Who We Are
We are the electric vehicle (EV) driver’s trusted partner for reliable, Hyper-Fast charging. We’re building a future where EV charging is approachable, accessible, and powered by a network drivers can depend on — today and tomorrow.
Our Values
Environmental Values
EnvironmentWe are committed to a net zero carbon footprint for all energy delivered to drivers. Our network is backed by 100% renewable energy via renewable energy certificates.
Community Values
CommunityOur mission is to unlock equitable electrification for all through community investment, specifically in underrepresented communities.
Educational Values
PeopleAs the largest open Hyper-Fast charging network in the U.S., we invest in educating our communities on the benefits of driving electric.
Investment Plan
To promote Zero-Emission Vehicle (ZEV) adoption, we are investing $2 billion in infrastructure, access, and education programs in the United States.
Learn More about EA's Investment Plan

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/our-team/

Meet the Electrify America Team
Get to know our people
At Electrify America, we’re proud of our diverse, talented team of experts who drive innovation in electric vehicle (EV) charging every day. Beyond our accomplished leadership team, we have a dedicated workforce committed to advancing electric mobility. Our culture is collaborative, forward-thinking, and inclusive, where every voice contributes to creating accessible, reliable charging solutions for our coast-to-coast network.
Together, we’re building a trusted network that drivers and communities can depend on.
President and CEO
Robert Barrosa
Robert Barrosa is the President & CEO of Electrify America, leading the company’s vision and growth including business units Electrify Canada and Electrify Commercial. Robert has been with Electrify America since 2018 holding executive leadership positions in technology, energy management, business development, and infrastructure planning and deployment. Robert has more than 18 years of experience in developing and deploying EV infrastructure that supports the growth of electric mobility.
Chief Financial Officer
Yana Fayer
Yana Fayer is the Chief Financial Officer for Electrify America, leading all financial activities in support of strategic business growth for Electrify America, in addition to all owned subsidiaries. Yana brings more than 17 years of experience in financial operations and auditing. Prior to Electrify America, she most recently served as Vice President of Finance for CPower Energy Management, directing all financial aspects of the company to drive performance. In addition, Yana is also a certified public accountant (CPA).
Vice President, Legal & Government Affairs
Emily Durham
Emily Durham, Vice President of Legal & Government Affairs, is the chief legal officer for Electrify America and its subsidiaries, overseeing all day-to-day legal operations and corporate governance, as well as government engagement and policy activities. She is the corporate Secretary for Electrify Canada, and Assistant Secretary for Electrify America. Emily has more than 19 years of in-house legal leadership experience. Prior to Electrify America, she most recently served as Vice President & Assistant General Counsel for Berkshire Group, directing insurance and risk management, and advising on corporate, real estate, and commercial transaction matters.
Vice President, Operations
Anthony Lambkin
Anthony Lambkin is the Vice President of Operations. In this role, he oversees all operational aspects of the Electrify America LLC and Electrify Canada LP growing national networks including real estate portfolio management, site development and construction, service and network operations and the customer contact center. Anthony’s professional experience includes managing both electric vehicle and energy infrastructure investments for Nissan North America and The World Bank. He has led the deployment of over one billion dollars in clean energy infrastructure projects across several countries. Anthony holds graduate degrees in Business Administration, Technology Operations and Supply Chain Management.
Senior Director, Sales & Marketing
Rachel Moses
Rachel Moses is the Senior Director of Sales and Marketing for Electrify America. In this role, she leads the business development, marketing, communications and corporate social responsibility initiatives. In addition, she also manages the company’s commercial business units and Green Cities program. Rachel has more than 15 years of experience in the electric vehicle infrastructure industry focused on sales and business development. Prior to joining Electrify America in 2017, Rachel held positions in technical sales and infrastructure planning with two electric vehicle network operators.
Senior Director, Charging & Energy Services
Chris Russell
Chris Russell leads the Charging and Energy Services Team at Electrify America, overseeing the alignment of corporate strategy with energy management services. He has previous experience managing growth and other value creation initiatives across aerospace & defense, infrastructure services, and cleantech. Before joining Electrify America, he held roles as an operating executive and as a management consultant.
Senior Director, Quality & Conformance
Kenneth Tennyson
Kenneth Tennyson is the Senior Director of Quality & Conformance for Electrify America. In this role, he is responsible for leading quality assurance oversight of Electrify America’s charging network in North America, including DC Fast Chargers, switchboards, battery storage and digital services. Ken has more than 20 years of management experience in quality and manufacturing. Since joining Electrify America in 2017, Ken has held leadership roles in service and network operations in addition to quality.
Senior Director, Product Strategy and Intelligence
Michael Buff
Michael Buff is the Senior Director of Product Strategy and Intelligence for Electrify America, overseeing product strategy and planning for Electrify America’s public and commercial network in North America. In addition to customer-facing products, he manages planning for internal tools including Electrify America’s proprietary network management tool. He has over a decade of experience in electric vehicles and cleantech. Prior to joining Electrify America, he worked as a consultant in the energy industry.
Director, People Operations
Jarrod Hough
Jarrod Hough is the Director of People Operations for Electrify America, responsible for talent acquisition and retention, employee engagement, organizational development and strategic HR partnerships. Prior to his joining Electrify America, he began his career at Volkswagen Group of America Inc., working in various HR-related roles within the VW North American Region, Volkswagen, Audi, and Bentley Brands.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/locate-charger/

Learn the basics of electric vehicle charging
Get step-by-step instructions on how to charge
Learn what to expect when you charge with Electrify America
Learn about pricing information and payment options
Get complimentary charging or other benefits with your electric vehicle
Stay up-to-date on Electrify America
Find a public charging station, and more
Discover the simplicity and convenience of Plug&Charge
Compare tailored electric vehicle charging solutions based on your business needs
Work with us to potentially host an Electrify America charging station
Bring EV charging to your business – your brand, your chargers, our expertise
Learn about what drives us
Discover our commitment to the environment, communities, and people
Explore our strategic vision for expanding ZEV infrastructure, access, and education programs
Learn more about our commitment to renewable energy and sustainability
Get to know our people
Be a part of the electric mobility revolution
Stay up to date with company news and updates
No results for "" Try another search.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/getting-started/

How to Use Our EV Charging Stations
Getting Started with Electrify America
What is DC fast charging?
Direct Current (DC) chargers quickly deliver power to your electric vehicle’s (EV) battery to cut down on charging times and get you back on the road. Often used for road trips and on-the-go charging, our DC fast chargers offer the fastest charging speeds available today with Hyper-Fast charging up to 350 kW.
Electrify America is the largest open Hyper-Fast charging network in the United States.
The Basics
How does it work?
The Electrify America charging experience was created with you in mind. When you arrive at one of our charging stations, you’ll select a charger. After you plug the charger’s connector into your vehicle’s charging port and your payment method is verified, the charger will deliver power from the power cabinet.
Your vehicle may take a few minutes to start charging and details about your charging session will appear on the charger’s screen.
Tip: Though there are two connectors on select Electrify America chargers, only one connector can be used at a time.
Which connector should I use?
Our DC fast chargers include two connector types: Combined Charging System (CCS) and CHAdeMO. Both connectors can be found at most Electrify America charging stations and identified by the teal, green, and blue labels on the chargers.
Our CCS connectors can charge at speeds up to 350 kW, while CHAdeMO connectors can charge up to 50 kW. Your vehicle’s connector type and maximum charging speed are determined by your vehicle’s manufacturer.
Tip: Check with your vehicle’s manufacturer or owner’s manual to learn your electric vehicle’s charging capabilities.
What Is Battery Preconditioning?
Battery preconditioning is a feature that helps prepare your electric vehicle's (EV) battery reach the optimal temperature so your EV can request its highest possible charging speed at our Hyper-Fast chargers.
Why It Matters
Extreme temperatures — too hot or too cold — can impact an EV battery's charging efficiency. Battery preconditioning warms or cools the EV's battery to the optimal temperature for charging. This means less wait time at the charger and more range on the road.
Tip: Not all EVs have a preconditioning feature. Check with your vehicle's manufacturer or owner's manual to learn your EV's capabilities.
What happens when I plug in?
First, your electric vehicle (EV) requests power (kW) from the charger. Then, the charger delivers power directly to your vehicle’s battery. The amount of power requested may be affected by temperature, battery health, and battery level.
Tip: After plugging in, it may take a few minutes for your charge to start. Details about your charging session will appear on the charger’s screen.
What happens when I charge?
At the beginning of a charging session, most electric vehicles send an initial State of Charge (SOC) to the charger. SOC indicates how “full” your vehicle’s battery is and—if sent to our chargers—can be found on the charger’s screen or in the Electrify America app. If available, the SOC will be updated as your vehicle charges, though some EVs are not capable of sending our chargers this information.
Toward the end of your session, you may notice charging speeds (kW) slow down. Many vehicles “bulk charge” and slow their charging speed when they reach about 80%*. Because of this, we recommend unplugging your vehicle after bulk charging has occurred. To receive updates about your SOC and other charging information, download the Electrify America app.
*Exact battery percentage may vary. Check with your vehicle’s manufacturer to learn when bulk charge occurs for your vehicle.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/charging-your-ev/

You can search for a charging station in the Electrify America app or by searching directly in Google Maps.
You can view real-time charger status, connector type, and charger speed, within the Electrify America app and Google Maps.
After you’ve parked at the charger, select your charging station in the app.
Under the Charging section, confirm the charger number in the app matches the number on your charger.
The charger’s number can be found above the charger screen.
Once you’ve initiated your charge, session details will appear at the top of your phone’s screen and on the charger.
To manually end your charging session, press Stop in the app. Your preferred payment will be charged at the end of your session.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/what-to-expect/

Our Direct Current (DC) chargers offer fast charging speeds (Ultra-Fast 150 kW and Hyper-Fast 350 kW) —letting you charge in as little as 30 minutes! Here’s what to expect when you charge with the largest open Hyper-Fast charging network in the United States.
learn the basics of electric vehicle chargingThis image displays a diagram that labels the standard components of the Electrify America charger. The labels include: charger number (top left), connector type (bottom left), max charge speed (bottom right), membership payment (top right), and customer support (middle).
Our charger labels were created with help from drivers like you!
At the top of each label, you’ll find connector icons that match your vehicle’s charging port. At the bottom, lightning bolt icons signify the charger’s power—the higher the kilowatt (kW), the greater the power.
Our charging stations offer three connectors:
Tip: Not all EVs can charge at a connector’s maximum power level. For example, a Hyper-Fast label means the charger offers up to 350 kW for a CCS-compatible EV. If your car is not capable of a 350 kW maximum charge, the charger automatically supplies the highest power level your vehicle can handle. Check your vehicle’s manufacturer manual to learn your car’s capacity.
At Electrify America stations, you may notice the word “Balanced” on a charger’s labels or screen. Balanced chargers are typically located side-by-side and share a power cabinet. When a charger is Balanced, it can supply Ultra-Fast speeds up to 150 kW for vehicles capable of accepting this much power and can provide Hyper-Fast speeds up to 350 kW to capable vehicles when the adjacent charger is unused.
Balanced chargers are labeled with the tag below:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/pricing/

Frequently asked questions about payment and membership
- Electrify America accepts the following payment methods:
- Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover credit cards
- Visa and MasterCard debit cards
- Apple, Google, and Samsung Pay
Depending on your location, you pay to charge either by the kWh or by the minute. In per-minute locations, the maximum amount of power your vehicle can accept (which your vehicle communicates to the charger at the beginning of your charging session) determines your power level and price.
When you plug in to charge, your vehicle tells the charger the maximum power it can accept. Based on that communication, your vehicle will be assigned to the corresponding power level offered by the charger.
Your charging speed may fluctuate due to factors like weather, age of your battery, and how full your battery is (your state of charge). The per-minute price stays the same for the entire session, regardless of how the charging speed may vary.
Where feasible, Electrify America has transitioned to kWh-based pricing. In these locations, you pay for the energy your vehicle receives, regardless of temperature, your battery’s capacity, the time it takes for your vehicle to charge, or other variable factors.
First, sign up for Electrify America’s Pass or Pass+ membership in the mobile app. Then, follow the prompts to add your credit card to your account and select an amount to automatically pre-load to your Electrify America wallet balance.
The first wallet auto-fill occurs the first time you charge your vehicle at an Electrify America charging station after signing up. Every time your balance falls to or below the minimum wallet threshold of $5, the wallet will be loaded again with the amount you selected.
The cost for charging, idling, and any applicable taxes will be deducted from your wallet balance at the end of your charging session.
If you’re a Pass+ member, your monthly subscription fee will be charged to your credit or debit card when you sign up, and deducted from your wallet balance monthly thereafter.
To change membership plans, visit “Plan details'' in the Electrify America app. Please note that a change from Pass+ to Pass, will not be reflected until the next billing cycle. Because of this, your Electrify America Pass+ plan will remain active until the end of the current billing cycle.
First, access your digital membership pass in your mobile wallet*. Then tap your phone against the contactless reader on the charger.
*NFC may need to be enabled in your phone’s settings.
If your payment method is declined during a charging session, please update your payment method on your account to allow Electrify America to auto-fill your wallet so that vehicle charging can continue.
If the payment method is not updated, charging will stop when your wallet balance reaches $0.
In the app, go to “Plan details” and follow the prompts to upgrade to Pass+ or to change plan types.
Please note that a request to change from Pass+ to Pass membership will go into effect on the first day of the next billing cycle, which coincides with the monthly anniversary of your sign-up date.
Cancel your membership anytime in the app by navigating to your profile and selecting “Delete Account.”
Pricing on a per-minute basis means pricing based on how long the charger was delivering energy to the EV. Pricing on a per-kWh basis means pricing based on how much energy the charger delivered to the EV. We believe pricing on a per-kWh basis offers a fair and consistent charging experience to EV drivers. We are working with regulators to follow the various processes that are required for us to provide EV charging on a per-kWh basis. This is an ongoing process and we look forward to further developments that may allow us to provide EV charging on a per-kWh basis throughout the rest of the states.
Our pricing varies by station. You can check out any of our stations in the Electrify America app to see pricing as well! To view pricing in the app, select the station from the map and scroll to the bottom of the page to view pricing for all chargers. Check the pricing again when you arrive at the charger. It will be displayed on the screen when you begin your session.
Premium Offer plans that include complimentary charging aren’t affected by these changes. Once your plan expires or you exceed your plan benefits for a session, the remainder of your charging will automatically be billed at our Pass plan pricing. You can choose to enroll in Pass+ for additional savings.
For more information on Canada Charging, please visit Electrify Canada or for Canadian Pricing, please visit Electrify Canada Pricing & Plans .

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/premium-offers/

Get complimentary charging when you purchase or lease an electric vehicle from a participating brand.*
When you purchase an electric vehicle through a participating manufacturer, get complimentary Ultra-Fast charging or more membership benefits* at no additional cost.
Brands are listed in alphabetical order.
Learn what to expect at the charger and how to charge
Locate a charger on the website and see real-time availability in the app
Learn how to create an account and use your complimentary charging*
If you own or lease a vehicle with a Premium Offer from Genesis, Hyundai, Kia, or Volkswagen use the Electrify America app to enroll.
1 Download the Electrify America app and create your account
2 Select Premium Offer in the Account tab
3 Tap I have an enrollment code
4 Enter your enrollment code and select your plan
5 Accept the Plan Disclosure and add a backup payment method for any fees that are not covered by your complimentary charging**
Note: Some automakers have their own mobile app to enroll in complimentary charging. The following section provides more information.
If you own or lease a vehicle with complimentary charging from any of these brands, use their app to enroll.
Brands are listed in alphabetical order.
Enjoy reduced costs on charging with the nation's largest public fast charging network.
Learn more about membership options*Program details vary, depending on the vehicle model and manufacturer and date of purchase. See the promotion terms and conditions for your specific vehicle for full information and restrictions, available at Audi, BMW, Genesis, Hyundai, Kia, Lucid, Mercedes-Benz, Porsche, and Volkswagen.
**To help ensure you can charge uninterrupted, your Electrify America account balance automatically reloads when it falls below $5. You’ll be billed the auto-reload amount you select in the app, the first time you charge at an Electrify America station, and the billed amount will be held in your account to cover costs not covered by this plan, such as idle fees and applicable taxes. Drivers who do not unplug and move their vehicle ten minutes after their charging session is complete will be charged a $0.40 per-minute idle fee. This fee encourages drivers to move their car promptly so that others can use the charger. You can be notified when your charging session is complete by text message (your mobile carrier’s messaging, data and other rates may apply) or see it on the charger screen.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/sign-up/

Sign Up for Updates Sign up to receive further information from Electrify America. *Required InformationAn asterisk (*) indicates a required fieldFirst name *Last name *Email *Phone *Mailing addressStreet *City *Country *Select a countryCanadaUnited StatesStates *Select a State Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District Of Columbia Federated Micronesia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Zip code *Preferences (optional)Topic Select a topicCompany NewsEventsLocationsPress ReleasesPricingSustainabilityCommunication Select a communication methodTextEmailLanguage Select a languageEnglishSpanish I agree to receive further information from Electrify America **I am aware that I may unsubscribe to electronic communications at any time. Error:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/mobile-app/

Frequently asked questions about the mobile app
As an Electrify America Pass or Pass+ member, if you’ve downloaded the Electrify America app and added a valid payment method to your account, you have two ways to start a charge by smartphone:
1. Using the digital membership pass, which requires tapping or holding the smartphone near the charger’s RFID reader.
- First, plug the connector into the vehicle. Follow all steps on the charger screen before tapping or holding your phone near the reader.
- Android users: Ensure that NFC is turned on in your phone settings and that the smartphone screen is unlocked before tapping the smartphone to the reader—look for the symbol below. The Electrify America app does not need to be open.
- iOS users: Open Apple Wallet or the Electrify America app. Tap the smartphone to the reader on the right side of the charger—look for the symbol shown here
2. Tap the "Start Charging" button from within the Electrify America app.
- Ensure that your smartphone’s location services are enabled, the Electrify America app is installed on your phone, and you are logged into your account.
- Open the app and from the map screen (or your Favorites), select the charging station where you are located. You must be near the charger to start a charge.
- Select the charger by referring to the Charger ID number at the top of the charger’s screen, and tap to start a charging session.
When you sign up for Electrify America Pass or Pass+ in the mobile app, follow the prompts to add your credit card to your account. Then select an amount to automatically load money to your Electrify America balance.
This amount will be added to your account the first time you charge your vehicle at an Electrify America charging station after signing up. Every time your balance falls to or below $5, your account will reload with the amount you selected.
The cost for charging, idling, and any applicable taxes will be deducted from your balance at the end of your charging session.
If you’re a Pass+ member, your monthly subscription fee will be charged to your credit or debit card when you sign up and deducted from your Electrify America balance monthly thereafter.
If your payment method is declined during a charging session, please update it to allow Electrify America to auto-fill your account and continue charging your vehicle.
If the payment method is not updated, charging will stop when your account balance reaches $0.
Yes! Please ensure your vehicle is compatible with CarPlay or Android Auto and your phone is up to date. Here are a few ways you can use the Electrify America app in vehicles compatible with CarPlay and Android Auto:
- Navigate to charging stations while on the go
- View charger details
- Manage your charging session
The Electrify America app is supported on both iOS 16+ and Android 9+.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/plug-and-charge/

Transforming the way you charge
Plug&Charge -
It really is that simple
For eligible vehicles, this cutting-edge technology simplifies the charging process. After a quick enrollment, owners with Electrify America charging benefits and an eligible electric vehicle (EV) can enjoy the convenience of seamless charging, so all you do is drive up, plug in, and let Plug&Charge do the rest.
No tapping screens
No swiping credit cards
Just plug in and charge
How it Works
After a quick enrollment, when you plug your EV into an Electrify America charger, Plug&Charge will automatically identify your account information and initiate the session.
Plug&Charge Eligible Vehicles
Confirm that your vehicle is eligible from the list below . While all Electrify America chargers are Plug&Charge capable, not all vehicles are.
You may find specific activation instructions within your vehicle manufacturer's mobile app.
Learn more about our premium offers
How to use Plug&Charge
Once activated, our Plug&Charge technology is ready to use at any Electrify America charger. All you need to do is follow the steps below.
- Drive to any Electrify America DC fast charging station. Find the nearest charger.
- Plug in. Plug the charging connector into your electric vehicle.
- Check the charge. Check the charger screen to ensure your charge has begun.
- Relax. Now that your vehicle is charging, monitor your progress in the app.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/business-solutions/

Public Electrify America Station Hosting
Join leaders in convenience, retail, and groceries on the Electrify America network at no cost.
Electrify America is the largest open Hyper-Fast network in the U.S. and collaborates with major corporations to promote electric vehicle awareness across the nation. We manage the entire electrification process — from initial planning to ongoing maintenance — so you don’t have to.
Join leaders in convenience, retail, and groceries on the Electrify America network at no cost.
Own a branded network like top convenience, retail, and utility providers.
Over 180 of the country’s most influential brands trust Electrify America to deliver innovative charging solutions for their businesses.
Electrify America pays 100% of the upfront investment to design and install new Electrify America charging stations, as well as maintenance and upkeep costs.
Transform the future of retail by becoming a one-stop shop for customers to dine, shop, and charge — all in one place.
Electrify America provides customized solutions to bring electric vehicle charging technology and zero emissions vehicles together.
Electrify Commercial is proud to collaborate with energy providers. From execution with program design to maintenance, we handle projects from start to finish under your brand.
The NEVI Formula Program provides $5 billion funding to all 50 states and territories over five years to encourage states to build EV charging station networks along highway corridors, paving the way for more Americans to enjoy the benefits of EV driving.
Learn more about Nevi funding

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/real-estate/

and join the largest open Hyper-Fast charging network in the U.S.
We are the largest open Hyper-Fast charging network in the U.S. — with speeds up to 350 kW.
Attract new customers and revenue opportunities
Becoming a site host allows you to attract new customers and puts you at the forefront of the continually changing consumer landscape.
Electrify America pays 100% of the upfront capital investment for the design and installation of new charging stations, as well as maintenance and upkeep costs—and we're just a phone call away after contracts are signed and hardware is installed.
Electrify America is the largest open Hyper-Fast charging network in the U.S. — with speeds up to 350 kW.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/own-a-network/

Your Network
Powered by Electrify America, but owned by you.
Electric Vehicle (EV) ownership is no longer a futuristic idea; it's here and growing every year. With the help of Electrify Commercial, you can turn existing space on your property into a Hyper-Fast charging station and capitalize on the ever-growing market.
Our network supports over 70 vehicle models, drawing in new customers who wouldn't need to stop at your business otherwise.
With charging sessions lasting 20-30 minutes, customers are likely to step into your business while they wait.
When EV drivers search for charging stations near them, your business will show up on our map.
Electrify America is the largest open Hyper-Fast charging network in the U.S. We’ve deployed, listened, learned, and built a successful product that hundreds of thousands of EV drivers rely on each day.
Collaborate with Electrify Commercial to leverage our proven, data-backed business model and build a new revenue stream for your business. One that gives your customers the seamless, convenient charging they desire.
When it comes to building Direct Current (DC) fast charging for your business, there is no one-size-fits-all approach. We will tailor a charging solution to drive value specifically for you.
Powered by Electrify America, but owned by you.
You control the pricing at each of your stations.
Customize the chargers with your branding.
Access insights on your stations usage, charging sessions and customer behavior with the Nucleus Portal™.
From site feasibility, permitting, and construction to commissioning and maintenance, Electrify Commercial manages the entire process. Our ongoing collaboration also ensures that your customers receive the seamless experience they expect when visiting your business.
We've invested in innovation since the beginning and are ready for tomorrow.
800V infrastructure providing charging speeds up to 350 kW for today and tomorrow's high-voltage vehicles.
A world-class Technology Campus dedicated to more innovation and technology.
Supporting the future of NACS/J3400 to welcome more EV drivers on the road.
Over 170 stations feature battery energy storage systems (BESS), enabling faster deployment and higher power charging at grid-limited sites.
Request a consultation and power your business with EV charging through Electrify Commercial.
Contact Us

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/our-values/

At Electrify America, we lead with sustainable innovation, promote equity and diversity, and empower our communities to enable accessible electric transportation.
With Electrify America Solar Glow™ 1, our first solar farm in Southern California, we’re supporting the key sustainability goal of additionality to create brand new renewable energy.
We empower electrification by investing in brand-neutral zero emission vehicle (ZEV) education and other programs in disadvantaged, low-income, and rural areas.
We strive to create a culture grounded in diversity and inclusion, from investing and hiring practices to supplier relationships, and strong employee engagement.
March 9, 2023
Electrify America and Electrify Canada have established power names of Hyper-Fast…
February 28, 2023
Electrify America is approaching Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) in the workplace.
We teamed up with Ecology Action to make an electric vehicle lifestyle a reality for diverse communities.
Read Now about Ecology Action (PDF)We funded STEM and workforce development programs to support training for jobs in the EV and charging industry.
Read Now about Los Angeles Cleantech Incubator (PDF)We supported Valley CAN in ZEV education and awareness, STEM, and workforce development programs to promote all aspects of the EV experience.
Read Now about Valley Clean Air Now (PDF)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/our-plan/

Our Investment Plan
Investing in an Electric Future
Over a 10-year period (made up of four 30-month “cycles”), Electrify America plans to invest $2 billion in Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) infrastructure, access, and education programs in the United States.
Highlights
- Of this $2 billion, we’re investing $800 million in California, one of the largest ZEV markets in the world.
- We plan to invest $1.2 billion in the remainder of the United States, providing support to current electric vehicle owners and those interested in learning more about the benefits of driving electric vehicles.
Electrify America’s National and California ZEV Investment Plans serve as a roadmap for what we do to drive ZEV adoption.
Cycle 1
(January 2017–June 2019)
Plans Implemented
Electrify America implemented the following plans between January 2017 and June 2019:
Cycle 2
(July 2019–December 2021)
Plans Implemented
Electrify America implemented the following plans between July 2019 and December 2021:
Cycle 3
(January 2022–June 2024)
Plans Implemented
Electrify America implemented the following plans between January 2022 and June 2024:
Cycle 4
(July 2024–December 2026)
Looking to the Future
Electrify America is implementing the following plans between July 2024 and December 2026:
Developing Our Plan
To develop each ZEV Investment Plan, Electrify America invited feedback from:
Federal, state, and local governments, Native American tribes, and the Department of Energy (DOE) National Laboratories
Universities, think tanks, and technology companies
Electric vehicle charging companies and electric vehicle driver associations

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/assets/pdf/cycle3_investment_plan_epa.1aa21b9b.pdf

National ZEV Investment Plan: 
Cycle 3 
June 2021 

 
 
2 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Table of Contents 
List of Acronyms ............................................................................................................................................ 3 
Executive Summary ....................................................................................................................................... 4 
1. Introduction .......................................................................................................................................... 8 
2. Corporate Social Responsibility .......................................................................................................... 11 
3. National Outreach Efforts ................................................................................................................... 16 
4. Infrastructure Investments ($228M) ...................................................................................................... 20 
5. Public Education, Awareness, Access, and Marketing Activities (~$42M) ............................................. 47 
6. Closing ..................................................................................................................................................... 60 
Sources Cited .............................................................................................................................................. 61 
Appendix ..................................................................................................................................................... 65 
 
 

 
 
3 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
List of Acronyms 
Please note – further definition of select terms found in the Glossary in Appendix IV. 
AADT Average Annual Daily Traffic 
BEV Battery Electric Vehicle 
BNEF BloombergNEF 
CSR Corporate Social Responsibility 
DAC Disadvantaged Community 
DCFC Direct Current Fast Charging 
DOE U.S. Department of Energy 
EPA U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
EVSE Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment 
FCEV Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle 
ICCT The International Council on Clean Transportation 
ICE Internal Combustion Engine 
KPI Key Performance Indicator 
kW Kilowatt 
kWh Kilowatt Hour 
LCFS Low Carbon Fuel Standard 
LIC Low-Income Community 
MHD Medium- and Heavy-Duty Vehicles 
MSA Metropolitan Statistical Area 
MUD Multi-Unit Dwelling 
OCPI Open Charge Point Interface 
OCPP Open Charge Point Protocol 
OEM Original Equipment Manufacturer 
PESO Paid, Earned, Shared, and Owned 
PEV Plug-In Electric Vehicle 
PHEV Plug-In Hybrid Electric Vehicle 
RFI Request for Information 
RFP Request for Proposal 
TNC Transportation Network Company (e.g., Uber, Lyft) 
ZEV Zero Emission Vehicle 
 
 

 
 
4 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Executive Summary 
Electrify America is pleased to present this National Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) Investment Plan for its 
third cycle of ZEV infrastructure, education and awareness, and access investments. As required by 
Appendix C to the 2.0-Liter Partial Consent Decree entered by the U.S. District Court for the Northern 
District of California on October 25, 2016, Volkswagen Group of America is investing $2 billion over 10 
years to support the increased adoption of ZEV technology in the United States. Of this $2 billion 
investment, $1.2 billion will be spent outside of California. This investment represents the largest 
commitment of its kind to date. Following conference with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), 
this plan defines the National1 investments to be made or targeted in Cycle 3, from January 2022 
through June 2024. 
After nearly five years investing in driving ZEV adoption, Electrify America has opened more than 600 
ultra-fast charging stations, deployed over 2,700 Level 2 workplace and multi-unit dwelling (MUD) 
charging outlets, and run multiple marketing campaigns collectively garnering over one billion 
impressions across the U.S. We have made these investments with the primary goal of accelerating 
electric vehicle (EV) adoption, and we believe the EV industry is at a critical juncture. Automotive 
manufacturers across the globe are committing to electrification and bringing vehicles to market with 
new body styles, longer ranges, and higher charging speeds. In parallel, states across the U.S. are 
committing to clean fuels standards (such as a Low Carbon Fuel Standard) and the ZEV mandate, helping 
to drive vehicle sales and promote ZEV adoption. 
With this backdrop, Electrify America has undergone a multi-faceted planning effort to develop this 
Cycle 3 plan. Electrify America applied its corporate social responsibility framework of enabling electric 
transportation, committing to environmental sustainability, creating a positive community impact, and 
ensuring equality and diversity to ensure our investments are leading toward a cleaner, more equitable, 
and just world. As a company we have taken lessons from our experience to date. These lessons were 
combined with insights and perspectives from a broad outreach effort that included reviews of 
academic literature, dozens of phone calls with Federal, state, and local government officials, and 
engagement with hundreds of stakeholders across the country. Each touchpoint yielded new ideas and 
recommendations for investment, many of which complemented our own internal thinking, and we are 
deeply grateful for all those who took part in this effort. 
Making smart, data-driven investments that will stand the test of time remains core to our approach, 
and this is critical in order to overcome the barriers to EV adoption that remain. For example, consumer 
awareness and education on the subject of ZEVs continues to lag. According to a 2019 UC Davis study, 
the public remains unaware of state efforts to increase ZEV adoption (Hardman et. al, 2019). In addition, 
Rocky Mountain Institute’s groundbreaking study recently identified soft costs, such as regulations and 
permitting, as a major impediment to ZEV adoption efforts (Nelder et al., 2019). Utility interconnection 
costs and demand-based rates and fees also pose a serious challenge to the long term economic viability 
of DC fast charging stations, while real estate acquisition continues to be a significant barrier to rapid 
deployment of EV charging, and in turn, more widespread ZEV adoption. Finally, driver and rider 
behaviors have shifted as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and future travel patterns, vehicle 
 
1 The National ZEV Investment Plan covers investment in the United States, excluding California, pursuant to 
Section 1.6 of Appendix C of the Partial Consent Decree. Unless noted otherwise, National or Nationally refer to 
the United States, excluding California pursuant to the aforementioned reference. 

 
 
5 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
purchasing, and fueling needs are far less certain than before. Electrify America approaches each of 
these barriers with eyes wide open, and our planning efforts have focused on turning each challenge 
into an opportunity. 
Electrify America’s Cycle 3 investments span two categories: 1) Infrastructure; and 2) Education, 
Awareness, Access, and Marketing. 
Figure i: Cycle 3 National Investments 
 
Infrastructure Investments (~$228M) 
In Cycle 3, Electrify America plans to invest approximately $228 million in EV charging infrastructure to 
support ZEV adoption. While the work of Electrify America and others in the industry has dramatically 
increased the availability of charging in the United States over the past five years, further investment is 
required to support the country’s EV adoption goals (see section 4.2.3). To address this gap, Electrify 
America plans to make the following infrastructure investments: 
 Metro Charging ($90 – $130M): Charging in metropolitan areas continues to be critical to ZEV 
adoption, with researchers from the International Council of Clean Transportation forecasting 
that 88% of all plug-in electric vehicles through 2025 will be concentrated within the 100 most 
populous metro areas (Nicholas et al., 2019). To meet this need, Electrify America will be 
expanding its metro infrastructure and seeking to address three primary use cases: travel in and 
around town, reliable fueling options for multi-unit dwelling (MUD) residents, and infrastructure 
for taxi and transportation network company (TNC) vehicles. 


 
 
6 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
 Highway and Regional Route Charging ($100 – $120M): Infrastructure for intrastate travel and 
access to top destinations throughout the country are also critical for enabling ZEV adoption. For 
households in which the EV is the primary or sole vehicle, highway infrastructure is key to 
unlocking long distance travel. Cycle 3 investments will expand the highway network built 
through Cycles 1 and 2, adding density along major routes and unlocking new destinations 
including Badlands National Park and the White Mountains. 
 Hardware Development and Capacity Building ($4 - $8M): Through our National Outreach 
process, Electrify America identified two key areas for continuous improvement, both in the 
industry as a whole and in our own business: customer experience and station economics. To 
address these areas, Electrify America plans to invest in new tools and techniques, such as site-
level energy management and energy modeling, to drive down both capital and operating costs, 
and to ensure a fast, reliable, and customer-centric experience at all of our stations. 
Public Education, Awareness, Access, and Marketing ($42M) 
Over the next few years, new vehicle launches will provide consumers more options than ever, and 
strong policy support at the local, state, and Federal level will help make EVs even more affordable. 
However, to actually drive adoption, public education and marketing will be critical to informing 
consumers of this new era. According to 2020 research by Mark Singer of the National Renewable 
Energy Laboratory (NREL), a mere 34% of consumers are familiar with existing EV tax incentives, 
indicating a strong need for effective communication to drive change. To address this gap, Electrify 
America has planned both brand neutral education, awareness, and access initiatives, as well as a 
branded marketing campaign to drive station utilization: 
 Brand Neutral Campaign: Boosting ZEV Adoption through Education and Awareness ($24.5M): 
Similar to Electrify America’s Cycle 2 investments, in Cycle 3 Electrify America plans to drive 
increased education and awareness through educational marketing and other experiential 
marketing. The core pillars of our messaging include ZEV performance, charging availability, 
affordability, vehicle models, and environmental impact. Whereas in Cycle 2 we built 
NormalNow.com to showcase these messages, in Cycle 3 we intend to bring the messaging 
directly to consumers through social media and other marketing channels. By reducing the 
number of clicks required before learning key facts, Electrify America can ultimately have a more 
immediate impact on the target audience. 
 Access ($0.5M): Boosting ZEV Awareness and Adoption through Ride and Drives: Providing 
consumers exposure to ZEVs without requiring purchase or lease remains a key priority for 
Electrify America. In Cycle 3, we will support ride and drives that introduce the public to the 
ease and excitement of ZEV ownership. 
 Branded Campaign: Boosting Station Utilization through Branded Marketing ($17M): Electrify 
America will also invest in driving utilization of its charging network through branded events, 
promotions, and marketing. As outlined in Appendix C of the Partial Consent Decree, Electrify 
America must target utilization to demonstrate its investments are “addressing an existing need 
or supporting a reasonably anticipated need.” According to focus groups conducted by Electrify 
America, consumers (including ZEV owners and considers) have significant knowledge gaps 
around charging. Many drivers are unaware of charging options around them, and are 
unfamiliar with terminology related to the charging experience. To address this need, Electrify 
America will conduct a branded marketing campaign to educate consumers and drive station 

 
 
7 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
utilization based on four pillars: charging speed, locations/accessibility, quality customer 
experience, and corporate social responsibility. 
Conclusion 
Electrify America’s investments are summarized in Table i below. Cycle 3 builds off of the 
unprecedented successes achieved through Cycles 1 and 2 – building the largest open ultra-fast network 
in the U.S., featuring state of the art speed, customer-centric sites, industry-leading quality, and 
executing at a construction pace unmatched in the industry – while also unlocking emerging areas for 
ZEV adoption, including TNC/taxi. The marketing investments continue to bring awareness and 
consideration, and bring critical education to owners, considerers, and the mass market alike. 
Table i: Cycle 3 National Budget 
Category Estimated Budget ($M)1 
Infrastructure & Station Operating Costs ~$228 
Metro Charging $90 - $130 
Highway and Regional Route Charging $100 - $120 
Hardware Development and Capacity Building $4 - $8 
Brand Neutral Campaign: Boosting ZEV Adoption through 
Education and Awareness ~$24.5M 
Access: Boosting ZEV Awareness and Adoption through Ride 
and Drives ~$0.5M 
Branded Campaign: Boosting Station Utilization through 
Branded Marketing ~$17 
Electrify America Business Operation & Organization2 $30 
TOTAL $300 
1 Costs include creditable operating expenses and on site storage where appropriate. 
2 According section 5.1 of Appendix C-1 of the Partial Consent Decree, Electrify America is permitted to 
spend 10% of the total budget on these costs. 
 
Cycle 3 offers a critical turning point, both for Electrify America’s investments and for ZEV adoption 
more broadly. We are excited to help lead the way, and we look forward to collaborating with the many 
stakeholders across the country working to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the transportation 
sector through ZEV adoption. 
 

 
 
8 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
1. Introduction 
1.1 Background on Electrify America and Investment Cycles 
As agreed to in Appendix C to the 2.0-Liter Partial Consent Decree entered by the U.S. District Court for 
the Northern District of California on October 25, 2016, Volkswagen Group of America is investing $2 
billion over 10 years in zero emission vehicle (ZEV) infrastructure, education and awareness, and access 
efforts to support the increased adoption of zero emission vehicle technology in the United States. 
Volkswagen Group of America created Electrify America LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary headquartered 
in Reston, Virginia, to fulfill the ZEV Investment Commitment in Appendix C. The company has grown to 
more than 81 full-time employees with a diversity of backgrounds in automotive, utilities, electric 
vehicle (EV) infrastructure, technology, construction, and state and federal government, split across the 
Reston office, a second office in California, and on assignment across the country. All employees share a 
passion for helping transform and electrify the transportation sector through investments to grow the 
market for all zero emission drivers and stakeholders. 
Of the overall $2 billion commitment, $1.2 billion will be spent nationally in $300 million increments 
over four 30-month cycles. This plan describes the $300 million of investment that will be made in the 
third 30-month cycle nationally. The Cycle 3 period is from Q1 2022 through Q2 2024 (see Table 1). 
Table 1: National Investment Cycles 
Cycle 1 
Q1 2017 – Q2 2019 
Cycle 2 
Q3 2019 – Q4 2021 
Cycle 3 
Q1 2022 –Q2 2024 
Cycle 4 
Q3 2024 –Q4 2026 Total 
$300M $300M $300M $300M $1,200M 
 
The Partial Consent Decree defines those investments that qualify toward Electrify America’s 
commitment: infrastructure investments “should support and advance the use of ZEVs in the United 
States by addressing an existing need or supporting a reasonably anticipated need.” Brand-neutral 
education investment “builds or increases public awareness of ZEVs.” And access investments should 
“increase public exposure and/or access to ZEVs without requiring the consumer to purchase or lease a 
ZEV at full market value.” 
This document outlines Electrify America’s plan for the third cycle of investment. Electrify America’s 
mission continues to be: 
 Making it easier for millions of drivers to fuel their ZEVs through economically sustainable 
investments, and 
 Promoting sustained ZEV adoption and station utilization through education, awareness, 
outreach, and access programs 
1.2 Investment Plan Overview 
This Cycle 3 National ZEV Investment Plan contains Electrify America’s planned investments for Cycle 3 
along with explanation and evidence supporting why each investment meets the Partial Consent 
Decree’s requirements for investment. Chapter 1 contains background on Electrify America and the 
approach taken to planning the Cycle 3 investments. Chapter 2 details our commitments to corporate 

 
 
9 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
social responsibility, including efforts underway and anticipated for Cycle 3. Chapter 3 describes Electrify 
America’s National Outreach effort, including results from our submissions web portal and insights from 
stakeholder conversations. Chapter 4 captures planned investments in ZEV infrastructure, as well as all 
outreach insights leading to the selection of these investments. Finally, Chapter 5 details investment 
plans for brand neutral education and access programs to support ZEV adoption, as well as investments 
to support Electrify America station utilization. 
The investments outlined in this Cycle 3 National ZEV Investment Plan will build on our experience and 
impacts in Cycles 1 and 2, and continue to unlock ZEV adoption across the country. 
Thank you to the hundreds of stakeholders who provided input to these plans, and we look forward to 
implementing them together. 
1.3 Cycle 3 Approach 
1.3.1 Background 
Each investment cycle offers Electrify America the opportunity to evaluate new information, revisit past 
assumptions, and consider new ideas and feedback in the planning process. In addition, Cycle 3 provides 
Electrify America the opportunity to learn from and build upon the investments made in Cycles 1 and 2. 
In this context, it is worth highlighting a few of Electrify America’s largest accomplishments to date. 
Through our Cycle 1 and 2 investments, the Electrify America network has become the nation’s largest 
open direct current fast charger (DCFC) network in the U.S. By the end of Cycle 2, in December 2021, we 
expect to have more than 800 DCFC stations open or under development nationwide. Electrify America 
also has over 450 Level 2 workplace and multi-unit dwelling (MUD) stations and over 2,700 chargers 
installed. 
Our marketing and education campaigns have also made a major impact on ZEV awareness and 
consideration. Our Cycle 1 mass media campaign called “The Jetstones” generated 1.1 billion 
impressions from viewers around the country. We followed this with a Cycle 2 campaign called “Normal 
Now” which has generated over 330 million impressions through the end of 2020. We also partnered 
with Veloz, funding half of its “Kicking Gas” video shorts that feature Arnold Schwarzenegger 
highlighting the benefits of ZEVs. And to help more consumers experience the benefits of driving a ZEV 
first hand, we have provided support for National Drive Electric Week in both 2019 and 2020. 
Finally, we are very actively engaged with consumers on social media channels. The team regularly 
engages with thousands of followers across Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and other platforms to share 
information and stories about plug-in electric vehicles (PEVs), and ultimately to build charging 
confidence among consumers. 
1.3.2 Guiding Principles 
Recognizing the contributions and lessons learned from our Cycle 1 and 2 investments, we have 
developed six guiding principles for our Cycle 3 investments: 
 Build on Successes to Date: Electrify America’s Cycle 1 and 2 investments have made 
significant impact on ZEV awareness, adoption, and usage. Nonetheless, there is plenty 
more to do to reach our mission. In Cycle 3, we will seek to extend the gains through 

 
 
10 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
continued investment in similar areas from previous cycles, and exploring new adjacent 
opportunities. 
 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR): At Electrify America, social responsibility is at the 
core of our mission to drive ZEV adoption. But it doesn’t stop there - we are committed 
to enabling electric transportation, driving environmental sustainability, fostering 
positive community impact, and incorporating equity and diversity in everything we do. 
 Drive Customer Experience: Through our Cycle 3 investments, we will continue to focus 
on providing simple, reliable, and customer-centric experiences at our stations, on our 
app and website, and in every touchpoint with our consumers. 
 Boost Utilization: Electrify America will continue to focus on serving high utilization 
locations and high usage customers. These areas offer the highest possible impact on 
greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction, and ultimately on PEV adoption. 
 Unlock Cost Efficiency: Electrify America is committed to building a charging network 
that is self-sustaining far beyond Cycle 4. In Cycle 3, we will continue to focus on driving 
down costs related to capital, operating, and energy expenses, in the name of achieving 
sustainable economics and securing long-term growth potential. 
 Pursue Transformational Change: Seek investments supporting emerging use cases, 
including ZEV ridehail, that will unlock new growth areas for the industry and drive 
meaningful reductions in GHG emissions. 
 Improve Perceptions of ZEVs: Electrify America’s brand neutral education and 
awareness efforts will continue to focus on moving customers through the purchase 
funnel from awareness through consideration and, ultimately, through vehicle purchase. 
1.3.3 Good Faith Estimate 
Electrify America notes that the estimated budgets represent a good faith estimate of Cycle 3 costs. 
Given uncertainties regarding both capital and operating costs, it is possible that total costs may exceed 
or fall below targeted levels. In the event that costs fall below targets, Electrify America will deploy 
additional investments in approved use cases to meet the Appendix C ZEV Investment commitment. If 
costs exceed budget forecasts, the number of investments will be reduced by a commensurate amount. 
In addition, given the early stage of partner discussions, availability of site locations, and/or the 
technology itself, each new use case involves a level of uncertainty in both cost and operational 
feasibility. Should investment targets in any new use case be unachievable due to practical 
considerations, the allocated funds will be redeployed into one or more of the other approved use cases 
to ensure the total investment fulfills Appendix C requirements. 
 
 

 
 
11 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
2. Corporate Social Responsibility 
CSR is at the heart of everything Electrify America does. Our company’s mission is to enable electric 
transportation, and that goal frames all of our investments. From ZEV infrastructure, to education, 
awareness, and access campaigns, each project and commitment we undertake helps lead the way 
toward a more electrified, more sustainable future. 
In addition to our focus on enabling electric transportation, we have three additional pillars that round 
out our CSR efforts: environmental sustainability, community impact, and equality and diversity. The 
activities and goals detailed below offer examples of our commitment to customers and to the larger 
public under each pillar. We also recognize that CSR is a journey, and that Electrify America’s approach 
to CSR will evolve as we learn about new initiatives and seek out innovative ways to be corporate 
stewards. 
Enabling Electric Transportation 
When Electrify America began in 2016, 50 kilowatt (kW) charging was state-of-the-art technology, 
charging stations were limited to a few major metro areas and a handful of corridors, and Tesla was the 
only automotive manufacturer (OEM) selling vehicles with charging faster than 100kW. Today, in part 
due to Electrify America’s ultra-fast 150kW and 350kW charging stations, nearly every OEM, from Ford 
to Hyundai to Lucid, is deploying, or has announced plans to deploy, high-powered vehicles. 
Example activities for Enabling Electric Transportation include: 
 Ultra-Fast Charging: Electrify America’s network offers industry-leading 150kW and 
350kW chargers to reduce the time customers spend charging. This investment has led 
OEMs to develop higher powered, and faster charging vehicles. Nearly all battery 
electric vehicles (BEVs) coming to market in 2021 and beyond will have charging speeds 
of at least 100kW. Moreover, the availability of a 350kW charging network has inspired 
several OEMs to develop 800 volt (V) vehicle platforms that enable vehicles to charge up 
to 20 miles per minute. 
 Plug & Charge: Electrify America’s network features Plug & Charge capabilities at all of 
our DCFC stations, offering drivers with capable cars the ability to drive up, plug in, and 
charge. This service allows for a much faster and better customer experience, as the 
vehicle and charger seamlessly handle all authorization, payment, and charging steps, 
without additional driver interaction other than connecting and disconnecting the car 
from the charger. 
 

 
 
12 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
 Customer Experience: Electrify 
America has achieved industry-
leading quality – in December 
2020 Electrify America received 
CHARGED EV’s Charging 
Infrastructure Best-in-Test award. 
In addition, our scores on 
PlugShare, a social application that 
allows users to find and rate 
charging stations, exceed those of 
all other large open DCFC 
networks. 
 Education & Awareness: Electrify 
America’s marketing efforts have garnered more than one billion impressions, driving 
awareness of ZEVs and charging options through traditional, digital, and social 
engagement. Recent research we have done in collaboration with Comscore showed 
that the Normal Now campaign has significantly decreased concerns about affordability, 
range anxiety, and accessibility of electric vehicles. 
 Speaking Engagements: Electrify America executives and staff are frequently asked to 
speak at meetings, conferences, and other nationwide events regarding ZEVs, charging 
technology, and e-mobility. Electrify America cannot accept all invitations received, as 
we must focus our resources on ZEV infrastructure and investment executions. 
However, Electrify America participates selectively in events specifically focused on ZEV 
technology that are likely to grow ZEV awareness and that are consistent with Electrify 
America’s obligations and the spirit of the National Outreach process. 
As a company we are focused on helping spur the e-mobility revolution through our investments in 
nationwide charging infrastructure, public education, awareness, access, and marketing activities. The 
above advancements and activities have allowed Electrify America to increase general awareness of ZEV 
technology, to decrease perceived barriers to ZEV ownership, to introduce audiences to our ZEV 
Investment Plans, and to collaborate with an ever-growing industry focused on increased ZEV adoption. 
Environmental Sustainability 
Electrify America is committed to being carbon-neutral, powering our stations with renewable energy 
where feasible, and building infrastructure sustainably. 
Example Environmental Sustainability activities include: 
 Charging Powered by Renewable Energy: All energy delivered to customers at Electrify 
America’s California stations is already powered by renewable energy, through the purchase of 
renewable energy credits (RECs) from California producers. This effort ensures that our stations’ 
renewable energy is additional to the renewable energy generation required under California’s 
Renewable Portfolio Standard and meets the California Air Resources Board’s rules for zero-
carbon electricity under the Low Carbon Fuels Standard. In parallel, we are exploring options for 
renewable energy procurement for the remainder of our national network. Electrify America is 


 
 
13 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
also deploying solar canopies at some stations, and in 2020 Electrify America deployed 30 off-
grid, solar-powered Level 2 charging stations in rural California communities. 
 Building Grid Assets: We are also helping to decarbonize the grid by drawing power from 
renewable energy for battery storage, along with solar charging solutions at Electrify America 
stations. By the end of Cycle 2, Electrify America will have behind-the-meter energy storage at 
more than 125 of our DCFC sites, and in Cycle 3, we intend to expand this investment. Batteries, 
on-site solar photovoltaic (PV), and advanced technology are part of our investments to ensure 
that our stations are grid-friendly. 
Community Impact 
We seek to unlock electrification for all, making investments and supporting education in diverse 
communities across the United States. 
The ZEV Investment Commitment is already having a big impact on American businesses. To date, 
Electrify America has contracted with 312 vendors, by way of purchase order, for a total contract value 
of $712 million. 
In addition, Electrify America’s investment is putting Americans to work. According to our most recent 
survey, the 78 Electrify America vendors who replied to the survey reported that nearly 8,800 people 
worked professionally on Electrify America projects in the second half of 2020, and more than 1,200 jobs 
were either created or sustained due to Electrify America’s investment. According to a study of Electrify 
America’s economic impact in 2019 by Deloitte (2021), Electrify America’s investments in 2019 
accounted for 1,361 jobs and over $113 million in payroll and benefits. The total contribution to the 
economy from Electrify America’s investment in 2019 was $702 million. 
Example activities for Community Impact include: 
 Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) and Workforce Development: 
Electrify America is funding STEM and workforce development programs, projects, 
ideas, concepts and related sponsorships to help promote ZEVs, ZEV technology, and 
ZEV infrastructure. As one example, Electrify America is funding the National Energy 
Foundation (NEF) to support development of a national STEM program promoting EV 
adoption that focuses on grades K – 12, community college and vocational training 
through virtual or live presentations, student challenges, curriculum development, post-
secondary webinars, and expansion of its “rEV” program around EV education. 
 EVNoire: Electrify America is collaborating with EVNoire, a minority-owned e-mobility 
group, by sponsoring its communications campaign to help normalize zero emission 
transportation for diverse and underserved communities. The campaign is part of 
EVNoire’s larger effort to increase awareness and access to educational resources on 
the benefits of e-mobility, and highlight equitable opportunities and resources available 
to facilitate EV adoption among diverse and underserved communities. Electrify 
America’s funding helps EVNoire scale its existing work to reach even more 
communities. Additionally, in November 2020, Electrify America presented at the 
National E-Mobility Equity Virtual Conference hosted by EVNoire and Forth. The E-
Mobility Equity Conference facilitated conversations about strategies and best practices 
for engaging diverse communities often hit worst and first by air pollution. 

 
 
14 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
 Plug In America Virtual Ride & Drives: In 2020, Electrify America sponsored Plug In 
America to conduct virtual ride and drive events in support of National Drive Electric 
Week, including 17 events across the country. Virtual ride and drives, conceived in 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, feature videos of EV drivers providing a tour of 
their vehicles and taking viewers on a ride-along, as well as informing the audience 
about charging, incentives and best practices for driving EVs. In some cases, the events 
included a live Zoom event so that audience members can directly ask EV drivers about 
their experience. 
Equality and Diversity 
Electrify America’s diversity and inclusion efforts span both internal and external activities in order to 
help affect a greater impact. We strive to achieve diversity and inclusion in our approach to hiring and 
engaging suppliers. We have an emphasis on engaging in sponsorships that support education and 
awareness activities focused on diverse audiences including minority groups and the LGBTQ+ 
community. Internally, we are strengthening corporate processes including recruiting and staffing, 
supplier diversity, request for proposal (RFP) evaluations, review of sponsorships, and marketing. 
Example Equality and Diversity activities include: 
 Recruiting: Electrify America believes diversity in backgrounds and experiences within 
our team is an important part of our cultural fabric and a key to driving ZEV adoption. To 
achieve this diversity, Electrify America and its parent company have implemented a set 
of recruiting practices that promote career openings to traditionally underrepresented 
groups including women, racial minorities, and members of the LGBTQ+ community. 
 Diversity and Inclusion Committee (IDEA): Electrify America believes in diversity and 
inclusion in the workplace and has formed the IDEA (Inclusion, Diversity, Equality, 
Awareness) Committee to underline that commitment. This committee focuses on the 
support and advocacy for better and equal outcomes for all areas of diversity and 
inclusion, including but not limited to gender, race, sexual orientation, religion, and age. 
A core part of the committee’s mission statement is the recognition of the intersection 
of environmental impact and environmental justice. 
 Supplier Diversity: Electrify America is committed to ensuring that investment under its 
ZEV Investment Commitment reflects the rich and diverse characteristics of the United 
States and its people. To meet this commitment, Electrify America staff conducts 
outreach efforts and activities to: ensure potential new suppliers and contractors are 
aware of RFP opportunities resulting from the ZEV Investment Commitment; encourage 
greater participation by underrepresented groups and community based organizations, 
including certified veteran-, women-, and minority-owned businesses; and assist 
applicants in understanding how to participate in the RFP process. 
Electrify America’s purchasing team maintains a list of potential minority-, women-, and 
veteran-owned vendors, and the team has established attracting diverse suppliers as a 
key internal goal. Electrify America includes language in all RFPs indicating our 
commitment to a diverse vendor base, and bidders to Electrify America RFPs are asked 
to include information regarding certified minority-, women-, and veteran-owned 
business enterprise participation along with their proposal. On a semi-annual basis, 

 
 
15 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Electrify America continues to survey its vendors to assess the job creation and 
economic activity occurring as a result of the ZEV Investment Commitment, particularly 
in disadvantaged and low-income communities and among minority-, women- and 
veteran-owned and controlled businesses and organizations. 
In summary, Electrify America embraces CSR and seeks to be a CSR leader in the ZEV industry. We 
believe our past, current, and future actions serving our four CSR pillars are the keys to unlocking clean 
and equitable transportation for everyone. 
 

 
 
16 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
3. National Outreach Efforts 
As Electrify America has learned through its first two investment cycles, driving progress on ZEV 
adoption requires collaboration with stakeholders across the ZEV space. To begin this call for feedback, 
Electrify America launched a National Outreach process to receive feedback from state, local, and tribal 
governments; academics; interest groups; customers; automotive companies; infrastructure suppliers; 
utilities; and the general public in the summer of 2020. This effort combined a public-facing submissions 
page on ElectrifyAmerica.com with dozens of stakeholder discussions and a review of academic 
literature to gather the latest insights and thinking on our investments and priorities. 
Figure 1: Cycle 3 Outreach Efforts 
 
From our webpage alone, Electrify America received over 949 unique submissions. Because COVID-19 
impacted our ability to travel and meet with some stakeholders in person, we strove to create 
meaningful engagement through webinars, video meetings, phone calls, and emails. Electrify America is 
very appreciative of everyone who has taken the time to send us a submission. 
Given that this was our third call for public input through the National Outreach process, we refined our 
approach from Cycle 2 and tailored our request for public feedback to the following seven specific 
submission types: 
 Suggestions and Data Relevant to Cycle 3 Investments: Any suggestions that may impact our 
investment thinking including: unique opportunities to work with submitters in deploying 
impactful and financially sustainable ZEV investments, specific actions submitters are taking to 
support EV adoption by taxi and ridehail vehicles, anonymized usage data from existing charging 
stations (DCFC and Level 2) in submitters’ communities, current/expected ZEV infrastructure 
plans or strategies for communities, and fuel cell electric vehicle (FCEV) data and/or adoption 
perspectives, especially with regard to medium- and heavy-duty (MHD) vehicles. 
 Information Regarding ZEV Policy in Your Community: Information from governments and 
entities about policies and incentives available in their communities that aim to increase ZEV 
adoption. 
 Education & Access Suggestions: Suggestions concerning Electrify America’s approach to 
education and access or specific events they should consider for participation or sponsorship. 
 Specific Site Locations: Suggestions for specific station locations for consideration in Cycle 3 
infrastructure investments. 


 
 
17 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
 Cycle 1 and 2 Comments and Feedback: Specific feedback on Cycle 1 and 2 National and 
California ZEV Investment Plans, including approaches to metro and highway charging station 
locations, evaluation of their use cases, and integration of new technology. 
 Vendor Interest: Requests for information from vendors or subcontractors interested in working 
with Electrify America and learning more about Electrify America’s Request for Information (RFI) 
and RFP process. 
 Event Invitations: Suggestions for specific events Electrify America should consider for 
participation or sponsorship. 
 Other: All other comments or submissions that relate directly to Electrify America’s ZEV 
Investment Commitment. 
The submission portal remains open and Electrify America continues to receive, review, and respond to 
the submissions we receive. 
3.1 Summary of National Outreach Process Responses 
In June 2020, Electrify America launched a page on its website for comments, proposals, data, and 
recommendations to help define Cycle 3 investments. As of March 10, 2021, 949 submissions were 
received through the online portal.2 Submissions came in from 47 states and the District of Columbia, 
with the largest number of submissions from the states of California (162 submissions), Texas (86 
submissions), and Arizona (58 submissions) (Figure 2). Across the country, individual submitters made 
up 53% of submissions and government entities made up 15% of submissions (Figure 3). 
 
 
2 The suggested window for submissions from the public ran for two and a half months from June 5, 2020 through 
August 14, 2020, though the submission portal remained open after that date and Electrify America continues to 
receive, review, and respond to submissions up to the month before this Plan is submitted. 

 
 
18 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Figure 2: Map of Submissions by State 
 
Figure 3: Submissions by Stakeholder Category 
 
Electrify America received submissions from a variety of stakeholders, including state, county, and local 
governments, private companies, and individuals (Figure 3). It is interesting to note that in Cycle 3, we 
received more than three-times the number of submissions from individuals than in Cycle 2. We are 
encouraged to see that as our station utilization grows, more customers know about our business and 
are motivated to offer us help in contributing to this next round of investment. 
Through the National Outreach effort, four broad themes were identified. First, stakeholders expressed 
enthusiasm for the investments that are already underway and encouraged Electrify America to 
Individual, 500
Municipality, 71
Charging infrastructure, 58
Construction, 33
State, 31
Automotive, 30
Electric utility, 27
Real estate, 24
Environmental, 23
Regional authority, 
22
Consumer advocacy, 15
Retail, 15 All Others, 100


 
 
19 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
continue to focus on ultra-fast charging and customer experience. Second, many stakeholders see 
freight and transit as emerging opportunities for electrification and emissions reductions, and urged 
action in these areas. Third, many municipalities are eager to electrify the taxis and ridehail vehicles in 
their communities, but further investment and support is required to make the transition. And finally, 
stakeholders noted that as we drive forward on electrification, equity and access must remain a priority. 
For each of these themes, as well as additional insights from the National Outreach process, please see 
Sections 4.2 and 5.2 of this document. 
3.2 Ongoing Outreach Efforts 
Electrify America’s National Outreach effort for Cycle 3 was successful in providing us with insights on 
emerging industry research, data on customer preferences that will drive utilization, and potential new 
partnerships. Many of the insights identified are detailed in Sections 4.2 and 5.2 of this paper. 
Each month we continue to receive additional submissions to our National Outreach website and will 
continue to review and respond to submissions up to the month before this Plan is submitted. We will 
also continue our outreach throughout Cycle 3, especially as we receive more information about our 
proposed target metros. Within Cycle 3, Electrify America plans to conduct a similar process of outreach 
in order to draft our Cycle 4 ZEV Investment Plans. 
 

 
 
20 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
4. Infrastructure Investments ($228M) 
4.1 Introduction 
Electrify America embarks on its third cycle of investment at a critical time in the PEV industry. With 
traditional and startup automotive manufacturers bringing new models (see 4.2.2 and 5.2.2) and new 
body styles (see 5.2.2), consumers will have unprecedented vehicle options and technology to choose 
from. In addition, infrastructure has improved dramatically since Electrify America first started building 
chargers. As just one proof point, in January 2021 a small team, using almost exclusively Electrify 
America stations, completed an EV Cannonball Run from New York to Los Angeles. Coming in under 45 
hours, the run set a new EV cannonball record and showcased both vehicle and charging equipment 
technology and speeds along the way, as well as the viability of the CCS charging protocol (Loveday, 
2021). However, despite these leaps forward, infrastructure remains a critical barrier to PEV adoption, 
with many consumers citing lack of infrastructure as a top reason they would not buy a PEV (see 5.2.4). 
Cycle 3 offers Electrify America another opportunity to continue building out its network and delivering 
the infrastructure customers need. By the end of Cycle 3, we plan to have more than 1,000 ultra-fast 
charging stations nationwide. While this investment is certainly not large enough to address all 
outstanding needs for public charging infrastructure in the short-term, not to mention the long-term, we 
hope these investments will substantially advance the state of the industry not only with charging 
density and power, but helping lower barriers to entry for other private and public sector organizations 
through supplier alternatives, skilled construction resources, and best practices/lessons learned. 
4.2 Insights from Our National Outreach and Cycles 1 and 2 
Electrify America’s National Outreach process, as described in Chapter 3, provides the Electrify America 
planning team with a tremendous amount of data and perspectives on industry trends. These insights, in 
turn, help shape our investment decisions in each cycle. This section summarizes the infrastructure 
insights gathered through submissions to our National Outreach website, meetings with key 
stakeholders, and a thorough review of research by academics and other leading thinkers in our 
industry. 
4.2.1 Light-duty PEV adoption is poised to grow significantly through 2024, with a majority BEVs 
The PEV market is poised for significant growth in the coming decade. Despite slightly slower sales 
volumes in 2020 due to COVID-19, Guidehouse Insights forecasts PEVs will make up 6% of new U.S. light 
duty vehicle sales in 2025, and 13% of new sales by 2030 (Figure 4) (Guidehouse Insights, 2020). 

 
 
21 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Figure 4: Projected National PEV Sales 
 
Through 2020, the mix of PEVs, which encompasses BEVs and PHEVs, has shifted heavily to BEVs, which 
made up nearly 80% of PEV sales in 2020 (Figure 5) (IHS Markit, 2021). In 2021, we expect this trend to 
continue, as nearly 90% of new PEV models coming to market are BEVs (Plug In America, 2021). While 
many public forecasts anticipate plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs) to take a slightly larger share as 
new models are released in 2022 and beyond, BloombergNEF (BNEF) forecasts that 22% of the U.S. PEV 
market will be PHEVs by 2030 (BloombergNEF, 2020). 
Figure 5: New PEV Registrations by Drivetrain 
 
Many consumers cite purchase price as a major barrier to PEV adoption (see 5.2.4). A major reason for 
this difference in BEVs is the battery cost, which accounts for roughly 30% of the cost of a new BEV 
(Nicholas et al., 2019). According to BNEF, in 2020 lithium-ion battery pack prices averaged 
$137/kilowatt hour (kWh). This represents an 89% reduction from the $1,100 per kWh price in 2010, 
and a 13% reduction from 2019 battery costs. Looking forward to 2030, BNEF forecasts that PEV battery 
prices will continue to fall to $58/kWh, based on technology improvements and scaling associating with 
0.00%
2.00%
4.00%
6.00%
8.00%
10.00%
12.00%
14.00%
 -
 500
 1,000
 1,500
 2,000
 2,500
 3,000
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030
PEV % of LDV Sales
PEV Sales (k)
50% 48% 43% 51% 49% 38% 28% 22%
0
50,000
100,000
150,000
200,000
250,000
300,000
350,000
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
New PEV Registrations
PHEV BEV

 
 
22 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
increased demand (BloombergNEF, 2020). As battery costs decrease, vehicle ranges will increase and 
BEV prices will become even more cost competitive with internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles. The 
International Council on Clean Transportation (ICCT) predicts that, without government incentives, BEVs 
with a range of 200 miles will reach price parity with their ICE counterparts in 2025 (Nicholas et al., 
2019). Because battery prices play a smaller role in the cost of PHEVs, ICCT does not project that PHEVs 
will reach price parity with ICE vehicles by 2030. 
In comparison, light-duty FCEV adoption has struggled in recent years. Registrations declined in 2019 
and 2020 (Figure 6), making up 0.007% of new light-duty sales and less than 0.3% of ZEV sales in 2020 
(IHS Markit, 2021). BNEF estimates that FCEVs will make up less than 1% of global passenger vehicles by 
2040 (BloombergNEF, 2020). 
Figure 6: FCEV Registrations 
 
4.2.2 The coming generation of PEVs will have longer ranges and demand higher power charging, 
which aligns with consumer preferences 
As battery costs fall, an increasing number of new BEV models are entering the U.S. market with longer 
range and faster charging capabilities to meet future EV owners’ preferences. According to the U.S. 
Department of Energy (DOE), the median U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) estimated range 
for all BEV models in 2020 is greater than 250 miles, with the highest available maximum range 
exceeding 400 miles (Figure 7), up from just 73 miles in 2013 (U.S. Department of Energy, 2021). 
 
 
0.00%
0.20%
0.40%
0.60%
0.80%
1.00%
1.20%
1.40%
0
500
1000
1500
2000
2500
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
FCEV as a Share of ZEV Market
FCEV Registrations
FCEV Registrations % of ZEV Market

 
 
23 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Figure 7: Range of BEVs by Model Year 
 
In parallel, vehicle charging speeds continue to rise, driving increased demand for charging equipment 
capable of meeting new fast charge capabilities (Figure 8:). 
Figure 8: BEV Charging Speeds 
 
Vehicles with faster charging speeds align with consumer preferences. Over 30% of U.S. DOE PEV 
Showcase ride and drive participants reported vehicle charging speed as a top three deterrent from 
purchasing or leasing a BEV (Singer, 2020). Similarly, in a poll conducted by Volvo Car USA and the Harris 
Group, 36% of respondents reported using public charging stations to be time-consuming (Volvo Car 
USA/The Harris Poll, 2019). 
Maximum Range
Median Range
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
400
450
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Miles
Model Year


 
 
24 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
4.2.3 Despite massive growth in charging infrastructure, more investment is still required to allay 
consumer concerns and to match expected growth of EV units in operation 
Electrify America has made significant progress in building out an extensive ultra-fast charging network, 
but there is still a lot more work to do to allay consumer public charging concerns. According to recent 
studies by J.D. Power (2020), Volvo Car USA/The Harris Poll (2019), and NREL (Singer, 2020), availability 
of public charging remains a top concern for consumers, and required infrastructure will need to span 
both metro areas and highway corridors. 
Charging in metro areas is also a critical component of the charging ecosystem, and essential to broader 
PEV adoption. As ICCT researchers Michael Nicholas, Dale Hall, and Nic Lutsey projected in a 2019 paper, 
88% of all PEVs in the U.S. through 2025 will be concentrated within the 100 most populous metro 
areas. Moreover, the researchers found that as PEV adoption moves beyond early adopters with access 
to home charging, more public charging will be needed to serve a more diverse PEV-driving population. 
In addition to the overall trend of increasing adoption, we anticipate further ‘mass market’ adoption of 
PEVs as new body styles become available and the prices of new and used PEVs fall. However, according 
to Nicholas, Hall, and Lutsey’s 2019 study, mass market buyers are far less likely to live in single family 
homes than early adopters to date. In Cycle 2, we worked to support MUD residents and others without 
dedicated overnight access to a plug by siting public stations in close proximity to MUDs. In our Cycle 3 
outreach, we heard many statements of interest in continued deployment of DCFC to support this 
effort. Cool the Earth, a California-based non-profit, suggested that “[DCFC] provides important charging 
access for residents in MUDs and others without charging at their place of residence. As the price of EVs 
reaches parity with gas cars in the next few years, DCFC will become more critical as EV owners seek 
charging options where they shop, work and travel.” This sentiment was echoed in submissions from 
Plug In America, Electric Drive 805, NESCAUM, and others. 
National Outreach website submissions expressed a strong need for further expansion of charging in 
metro areas. Across the country, over 140 submissions highlighted needs for new DCFC stations in 
metro areas. The most common Cycle 1 and 2 metros suggested for additional investment in Cycle 3 
were the New York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island region and Phoenix-Mesa-Glendale. 
More than 150 submitters also expressed needs for additional highway and regional routes to be built 
out, highlighting a need to unlock more destinations and increase density of stations along heavily used 
routes. Multiple submitters focused on adding stations along scenic byways to enable easier travel to 
national and state parks. Other submissions focused on increased connectivity in major travel corridors. 
The most common corridor mentioned by submitters was I-90 across northern states like Montana and 
South Dakota. 
4.2.4 Despite the rapid pace of growth, customer experience and cost optimization must remain 
at the forefront 
While availability of charging infrastructure is important for ZEV adoption, the customer experience with 
the infrastructure is also crucial. In a 2020 study by Georgia Tech, researchers used machine learning to 
analyze PlugShare comments for public charging stations. The results were concerning – they found that 
only 56% of comments expressed a positive sentiment about the charging experience (Asensio et al., 
2020). In a similar vein, a 2021 survey by Plug In America found that even among PEV owners who are 
highly satisfied with their vehicle, over 50% reported experiencing problems with public charging 

 
 
25 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
infrastructure (Ast et al., 2021). Respondents to our National Outreach process were similarly vocal, with 
51 submitters emphasizing the importance of reliability and customer experience. In addition to 
submissions about general quality, several submissions asked for additional amenities, such as 
protection from the natural elements. 
Another common request was for improved wayfinding to charging sites. One element voiced was for 
more prominent signage for charging stations along highways. Plug In America, as part of their broader 
Cycle 3 investment recommendations, suggested that Electrify America add more signage up to the last 
100 yards from an EV station to help users locate charging stations. Another submitter mentioned that 
increased signage would make the public more aware of the prevalence of stations to overcome the 
misconception that public charging is sparsely available. This feedback shows that increasing the 
accessibly of our stations to make it easy for all customers, even new ones, to find and use chargers will 
help build confidence in public charging options. Electrify America also received feedback on how to 
improve our mobile app to facilitate finding and navigating to stations. With over 50% of customers 
using our app to start a charging session, this is a critical tool for helping customers to find sites. In 
response to the feedback received, Electrify America launched a new and improved app in 2021, with 
directions for navigating to stations and an intuitive display of charging station information. 
Finally, station capital and operating costs continue to be a barrier to further investment in the industry. 
As noted in studies by Great Plains Institute (2019), Rocky Mountain Institute (Fitzgerald, et al., 2019), 
and NREL (2017), commercial utility rate structures, and in particular demand charges, present serious 
challenges to station economics. In addition, research from the Rocky Mountain Institute highlighted 
that soft costs, including “permitting delays, utility interconnection requests, compliance with a 
balkanized framework of regulations, and the reengineering of projects because they were based on 
incorrect information, among others” can significantly impact the cost of installing EV charging (Nelder, 
2019). Electrify America’s experience from Cycle 1 and 2 demonstrates that these soft costs vary from 
region to region and market to market, and are significantly higher in some states (e.g., New Jersey.) 
As we build out our network, Electrify America will continue to focus on quality, customer experience, 
and cost as key drivers for where and how we install charging infrastructure. Electrify America will also 
continue to invest the necessary resources to participate in state and local government processes in 
order to advocate for changes that will reduce permitting timelines, reduce EV charging station soft 
costs, and reform utility rates. 
4.2.5 Electrifying shared mobility is a top priority due to potential impact on emissions reduction 
and exposure to ZEVs 
As the light-duty vehicle market electrifies, many stakeholders have expressed keen interest in 
electrifying a specific subset of the population: shared mobility including transportation network 
companies (TNCs), taxis, and car share. Electrify America’s National Outreach process highlighted this 
focus. Twenty-nine submissions, primarily from high-level government entities or major regional interest 
groups, referenced this vehicle population and emphasized that electrifying shared mobility was a major 
policy focus for these entities. 
Electrifying shared mobility offers a number of key benefits. First, Alan Jenn’s 2019 paper “Emissions 
Benefits of Electric Vehicles in Uber and Lyft Services” finds that the emissions savings from electrifying 
a TNC vehicle are nearly three-times as high as electrifying an average vehicle in California (Jenn, 2019). 

 
 
26 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Second, industry advocate Forth has found through their driver research that PEV TNC drivers often 
become evangelists for the technology. As these drivers pick up passengers, the in-vehicle chatter often 
includes discussions of PEVs, their benefits, how/where to charge, and other related topics. As a result, 
the passenger gets both a zero emission ride, and an educational experience. Third, TNC and taxi drivers 
often come from low-income brackets (Mishel, 2018), and electrifying their vehicles unlocks lower cost 
operations and greater opportunity for take-home pay. And finally, TNCs increasingly provide critical 
mobility solutions for low-income communities and populations with limited access to private vehicles 
or public transit, both in densely populated urban centers and rural areas. In 2020, 46% of Lyft rides 
started or ended in low-income areas, and 51% of riders used the platform to connect to public transit 
(Lyft, 2021). 
Along with the enthusiasm about electrifying shared mobility vehicles, many industry experts and 
researchers note that building charging infrastructure will be critical to spurring adoption. A recent 
report by ICCT estimates that fewer than 44% of ridehail drivers could feasibly install Level 2 home 
charging (Nicholas et al., 2020).3 A California Energy Commission 2021 staff report notes that “in 2018, 
ZEVs serving in TNC fleets represented fewer than 0.5 percent of the ZEV population in California but 
used 35 percent of non-Tesla public charging.” And Rocky Mountain Institute’s 2021 paper “Racing to 
Accelerate EV Adoption—Decarbonizing Transportation with Ridehailing” highlights that at present 
insufficient infrastructure and the resulting ‘opportunity cost’ of route diversions or queueing for 
charging can impact a driver’s bottom line (McLane et al., 2021). NESCAUM also expressed a need for 
targeted infrastructure, suggesting in their National Outreach submission that Electrify America, 
“strategically place community charging hubs along travel corridors, at airports and train stations, and at 
other places that will help to accelerate electrification of TNCs and taxi fleets.” 
Electrifying shared mobility can bring both environmental benefits and increased driver and rider 
awareness of PEVs, and we plan to work collaboratively with the leaders in this space to make an 
impact. 
4.2.6 Medium- and heavy-duty electrification is growing, as new vehicles and models offer 
increasing opportunity for emissions reduction 
MHD vehicles are major sources of both GHG and particulate emissions. In 2018, the transportation 
sector accounted for the largest portion of U.S. GHG emissions (28%). Despite making up 10% of the 
vehicle miles traveled in 2018, MHD trucks were responsible for 23% of transportation emissions. In 
addition to GHG emissions, MHD vehicles are major sources of smog-forming pollutants, which can 
disproportionately affect disadvantaged communities located in areas with heavy truck traffic (EPA, 
2019). 
Industry stakeholders are expecting zero emission MHD vehicles to quickly become a reality. A report by 
ICCT identified over 125 zero emission truck and bus models that are in development, demonstration, or 
production, and every major truck or bus manufacturer has announced the development of or 
collaboration on at least one electrified model (Sharpe et al., 2020). The paper reports that industry 
experts expect the number of zero emission heavy duty models to double by 2023. As these vehicles 
become available, their unique charging needs will need to be addressed. In a survey of private fleets, 
 
3 ICCT notes that “this 44% could include those who can find charging off-shift near their home or at a workplace.” 

 
 
27 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
the Electrification Coalition reported that 75% of respondents reported that planning for and installing 
charging infrastructure is a major barrier to MHD electrification (Buholtz et al., 2020). 
Electrify America also observed very high levels of interest in ZEV trucks, buses, and delivery vehicles 
from stakeholders across the industry. Through our National Outreach website, we received 14 
submissions on the topic, including a submission from The West Coast Clean Transit Corridor Initiative 
who represent stakeholders from Washington, Oregon, and California. They submitted their study 
“examining the potential electrification of shipping routes for medium and heavy‐duty long‐haul trucks 
reaching our borders with Mexico and Canada.” 
4.3 Metro Charging ($90 – $130M) 
4.3.1 Investment Overview 
As evidenced by feedback from the National Outreach process (4.2.3, 4.2.5), metropolitan areas across 
the country need additional charging station investments in order to serve the continued growth in PEV 
adoption. To support this goal, Electrify America plans to invest $90 - $130 million in metropolitan area 
charging across the United States. 
Within each metro area, investments will seek to serve at least one of three (at times overlapping) 
needs: 
 Supporting travel in and around town: To support intra-city travel, Electrify America will add 
density in our existing metro areas, and Electrify America will also add investments to new 
metro markets. 
 Providing reliable fueling for drivers living in MUDs: Within major metro areas, Electrify America 
will continue to build stations in urban centers where we can support the electrification of all 
driver populations, including those living in MUDs. 
 Enabling the electrification of TNC and taxi vehicles: Electrify America will target select stations 
to help drive the electrification of taxis, TNCs, and car share fleets across the country. 
Electrification of this critical segment of the vehicle population will require further deployment 
of targeted, and in some cases dedicated, DCFC stations, and therefore a portion of Cycle 3 
metro stations will focus on serving the TNC market. 
Based on the buildout Electrify America has been able to achieve in our first two cycles, in Cycle 3 we 
can now focus on building a smaller number of highly targeted stations in many of our existing metro 
areas. This natural evolution in our strategy allows us to serve needs of drivers for each use case 
identified above, achieve high levels of utilization, and expand our investment into a larger number of 
metro areas. 
4.3.2 Investment Selection Methodology 
Electrify America conducted a multi-faceted analysis to select metro areas and their respective 
investment sizing for Cycle 3. This methodology builds on those used in Cycles 1 and 2, employing a 
similar approach and many common inputs, but refining the analysis. 
Our Cycle 3 methodology relies on four key inputs: an assessment of charging needs for each 
metropolitan statistical area (MSA), a PEV policy metric, a utility metric, and a review of all submissions 
and feedback from our Cycle 3 National Outreach process. 

 
 
28 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Table 2: Charging Needs Assessment Inputs 
 
Assessment of Charging Needs: 
Electrify America’s mandate, as established in Appendix C, Section3.3.2.5 of the Partial Consent Decree, 
is to invest in infrastructure that “meets a reasonable need and advances the use of ZEVs.” To achieve 
this, Electrify America analyzed the charging needs of each major metro area by examining both the 
demand for charging services and the supply of charging already provided in a market. Please see 2 for a 
description of each input. 
Taking these inputs together, Electrify America used a proprietary algorithm to assess the ‘supply-
demand gap’ through 2024 in charging stations in each metro area. This supply-demand gap served as 
the starting point for all metro selection decisions and station counts. 
Policy Metric: 
Some PEV and electric vehicle supply equipment (EVSE)-friendly policies have been shown to have a 
substantial impact on PEV adoption and on the overall sustainability of PEV charging investments. For 
example, ZEV mandates and adoption standards, such as those set by the 10 states that signed the State 
ZEV Programs Memorandum of Understanding (MOU), are particularly effective in supporting ZEV 
growth.4 Similarly, Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS) programs, such as those in California and Oregon, 
have had a major impact on the economics of PEV infrastructure investments, spurring substantial 
investment both by utility and industry stakeholders (California Air Resources Board, 2019). But policy 
effectiveness research has shown that some EV policies have little to no impact on EV adoption. To 
ensure that we are appropriately weighting EV policies based on effectiveness, Electrify America 
collaborated with the National Association of State Energy Officials (NASEO) and Cadmus Group to 
develop a metric for the impact of policies in each major metropolitan area. Cadmus performed an 
industry scan of all relevant PEV and EVSE policies, as well as the academic literature measuring the 
impacts of these policies. NASEO then led a panel of policy experts to review the policies and validate 
 
4 Signatory states include California, Connecticut, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, 
Oregon, Rhode Island, and Vermont. 
Data Category Details 
Existing BEV Population Demand Vehicles in operation by MSA 
Forecast BEV Population 
through 2024 Demand Forecast of EV and BEV populations by 
market (Guidehouse Insights) 
Charging Supply Supply Existing supply of EV charging (PlugShare) 
OEM Sales Forecasts and 
Reservation Data Demand 
Top markets for upcoming BEV sales, based 
on forecasts and reservations from 
automotive manufacturers 
Ridehail, eTaxi, PEV Car Share 
Data Demand Target markets for expansion of e-Mobility 
services from industry leaders 
Geospatial Analysis Demand In-house geospatial analysis of gaps in 
charging network 

 
 
29 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
the impacts of these policies relative to one another. Finally, the impact scores for all policies in a given 
jurisdiction were aggregated, providing a total policy metric score for each locality. For more 
information on the policy metric, see inset. 
Utility Metric: 
The utility environment at each location plays a major role in the overall success of the charging station. 
Rate structures, including demand charges, subscription fees, minimum bills, and energy costs all impact 
Electrify America’s cost to deliver charging services to customers, and ultimately the long-term 
economic sustainability of our business. For utility areas with tariff structures that result in a delivered 
cost of energy for DCFC above the gasoline equivalent cost, Electrify America may be forced to shift 
investments to areas with more sustainable energy rates. In addition to cost considerations, the utility 
metric examines the local utility’s support for private investment in EVSE. Utility support for the 
deployment of high powered charging stations and battery storage can speed station development and 
construction, reduce interconnection and commissioning timelines, and ultimately reduce both capital 
and ongoing operating costs. Our Cycle 3 utility metric incorporates both of these aspects to provide a 
comprehensive look at the utility environment in each metro area. 
Submissions and Feedback from Cycle 3 National Outreach Process: 
As described in Chapter 3, Electrify America has received over 949 submissions to our National Outreach 
website from stakeholders across the country. In addition, we have conducted dozens of conversations 
with stakeholders to capture overall market trends and specific investment opportunities across the 
country. And as described in Chapter 2, four corporate social responsibility pillars play a significant role 
in Electrify America’s investment decisions. After conducting our quantitative analyses for the charging 
needs, the policy environment, and utility environment as described above, we also incorporated ideas 
and feedback received from stakeholders and CSR impacts to shape the final set of metro locations, as 
well as the number of stations in each. 

 
 
30 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
 
Electrify America commissioned NASEO, in partnership with Cadmus Group, to develop an updated Plug-In Electric 
Vehicle Policy Tool (the “Tool”) to evaluate the impact of state and local policies on PEV adoption in states and cities 
across the United States. The Tool was designed for Electrify America to use when considering potential areas for 
Cycle 3 investment, and allows the user to evaluate the combined strengths and weaknesses of all PEV-related 
policies in a given metro area on a scale of 1-100 and compare the result with other metro areas. 
The Tool provides a unique, evidence-based method to evaluate the ZEV investment climate of a metro area. The 
Tool’s main feature – the Policy Evaluation Rubric – categorizes all PEV policies into 13 policy categories. Each policy 
category is assigned a weight, based on its strength to spur PEV adoption relative to other policies. These weightings 
were assigned after an exhaustive review of peer-reviewed journal articles, publications from government, non-
governmental organizations (NGOs), and the National Academies of Sciences, as well as rounds of expert input from 
an external Technical Advisory Committee (TAC). Members of the TAC provided input on the project’s Policy Tool 
Methodology and Policy Evaluation Rubric; however, the TAC was not shown the proposed Cycle 3 investment 
jurisdictions, and did not partake in reviewing the draft rankings of candidate jurisdictions. TAC members included: 
 Jeff Allen, Forth 
 Samantha Bingham, Chicago Department of Transportation 
 Austin Lannes Brown, University of California-Davis 
 JR DeShazo, University of California-Los Angeles, Luskin Center 
 Sarah Garman, U.S. Department of Energy 
 David Greene, University of Tennessee 
 Britta Gross, Rocky Mountain Institute 
 Kathy Kinsey, Northeast States for Coordinated Air Use Management 
 Patricia Monahan, California Energy Commission 
 Andrea Pratt, City of Seattle 
 Pete Slowik, International Council on Clean Transportation 
 Alexa Voytek, Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation 
 Joy Wang, Michigan Public Service Commission 
 Christian Willis, Colorado Energy Office 
The NASEO team assigned the highest weight to vehicle purchase incentives and vehicle mandates/targets, followed 
by incentives for EVSE installation, non-residential utility rates that promote EV charging, streamlined permitting 
processes and building/zoning codes, and transportation sector carbon pricing. While there is some debate in the 
literature around the relative effectiveness of these policies, it is the project team’s conclusion that these six types of 
policies represent the most effective policies at advancing PEV adoption. 
This Tool was designed for Electrify America in its Cycle 3 investment planning, but may also be used by policymakers 
at the state and local level to evaluate their jurisdiction’s current PEV policy environment. The Tool, as well as a 
detailed report on the methodology behind it, are available online here: https://naseo.org/news-
article?NewsID=3583 
 
POLICY METRIC 

 
 
31 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
4.3.3 Investment Details 
Electrify America plans to spend $90 - $130 million on metro investments as part of Cycle 3. These funds 
account for new stations built in Cycle 3, upgrades or enhancements to existing Electrify America 
stations, and ongoing operations for our network of stations built in Cycles 1 and 2. In addition, Electrify 
America anticipates that upon fulfilling its obligations to invest $300 million consistent with the Cycle 2 
National ZEV Investment Plan, there may be stations in the planning, development, or construction 
stages and not yet completed. Those stations will be completed using Cycle 3 funding as a part of this 
Cycle 3 budget, after all Cycle 2 investment obligations have been met. 
Based on the analysis described above, we plan to make the following investments in 25 metro areas in 
Cycle 3: 
 

 
 
32 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Table 3: National Metro Investments 
 
 
 
Metro Estimated Station Count1 
DALLAS-FORT WORTH-ARLINGTON, TX 8-12 
NEW YORK-NEWARK-JERSEY CITY, NY-NJ-PA 5-8 
AUSTIN-ROUND ROCK-GEORGETOWN, TX 3-6 
BOSTON-CAMBRIDGE-NEWTON, MA-NH 2-4 
WASHINGTON-ARLINGTON-ALEXANDRIA, DC-VA-MD-WV 2-4 
DENVER-AURORA-LAKEWOOD, CO 2-4 
DETROIT-WARREN-DEARBORN, MI 2-4 
MINNEAPOLIS-ST. PAUL-BLOOMINGTON, MN-WI 2-4 
BALTIMORE-COLUMBIA-TOWSON, MD 1-3 
SEATTLE-TACOMA-BELLEVUE, WA 1-3 
BRIDGEPORT-STAMFORD-NORWALK, CT 1-3 
CHICAGO-NAPERVILLE-ELGIN, IL-IN-WI 1-3 
HARTFORD-EAST HARTFORD-MIDDLETOWN, CT 1-3 
HOUSTON-THE WOODLANDS-SUGAR LAND, TX 1-3 
NASHVILLE-DAVIDSON-MURFREESBORO-FRANKLIN, TN 1-3 
ORLANDO-KISSIMMEE-SANFORD, FL 1-3 
PHILADELPHIA-CAMDEN-WILMINGTON, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1-3 
PHOENIX-MESA-SCOTTSDALE, AZ 1-3 
PORTLAND-VANCOUVER-HILLSBORO, OR-WA 1-3 
TAMPA-ST. PETERSBURG-CLEARWATER, FL 1-3 
ALBANY-SCHENECTADY-TROY, NY 1-3 
FORT COLLINS, CO 1-3 
PROVIDENCE-WARWICK, RI-MA 1-3 
ROCHESTER, NY 1-3 
SPOKANE-SPOKANE VALLEY, WA 1-3 
SUBTOTAL 40-80 
Station Upgrades 15-20 
TOTAL 55-100 
1 Electrify America defines a “metro area” as an MSA, except in a limited set of circumstances where Electrify 
America determines that the MSA arbitrarily excludes a community that is part of the metro area or includes 
extremely rural areas within its border. In such cases, Electrify America exerted discretion on metro area 
boundaries. 

 
 
33 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Figure 9: Cycle 3 National Metro Map 
 
Electrify America routinely analyzes the charging landscape, including vehicle adoption, existing 
infrastructure, utility and policy changes, real estate availability, and changing customer needs, in an 
effort to ensure our investments have the largest possible impact on PEV adoption and lead to a 
sustainable business model. In the event that the charging landscape shifts, Electrify America may opt to 
increase or decrease investment in planned Cycle 3 metros, or add investments in new metros. 
Station Siting Details: 
As described above, Electrify America intends to build stations to serve three core use cases within 
metros: supporting intra-city travel, providing reliable fueling for drivers living in MUDs, and enabling 
the electrification of TNC vehicles. Practically speaking, these use cases often overlap, allowing a single 
station to serve multiple sets of drivers (e.g., MUD stations are likely to be well-situated for TNC drivers 
due to the proximity of stations to urban clusters and pickup/drop-off locations). 
To site each location, we use a proprietary geospatial model that examines travel patterns, existing 
charging stations, historical utilization data, existing and expected vehicle adoption, and our CSR 
framework, to identify target areas within each metro. Once a target zone has been identified, Electrify 
America uses a combination of desktop research and local resources to identify and screen specific real 
estate opportunities. A high quality charging experience is paramount to us, so we have a long list of 
criteria when deciding where to locate a charging station – consistent with our proven approach in 
Cycles 1 and 2. Several factors include: accessibility (24/7 access and year round operations), high 
visibility (station must be clearly visible from surrounding roads and entrances), proximity to amenities 
(reasonable walking distance to stores, restaurants, etc.), nearby power sources, and projected 
utilization. 
For stations targeted at MUD residents, in addition to the above criteria we also seek locations adjacent 
or close to areas with a high concentration of MUDs. Where possible, we look for locations that are 


 
 
34 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
frequent destinations of those living in the local area, including grocery stores, banks, and shopping 
centers. 
Stations serving shared mobility providers, including electric taxis, ridehail vehicles, and car share, can 
often share locations and siting criteria with both MUD stations and general retail locations. However, in 
certain circumstances these use cases may require unique locations. While every PEV driver wants a fast 
charging experience, TNC drivers are particularly sensitive to the length of charging sessions. In their 
2020 paper on ridehail electrification, NESCAUM notes that because time spent charging represents lost 
opportunity costs, TNC drivers need DCFC conveniently located within their service areas with minimal 
wait times (Bomey, 2020). Electrify America’s conversations with shared mobility providers further 
highlight these needs, with many emphasizing a need for locations near airports, downtown areas, and 
near where their drivers live. Electrify America aims to serve as many drivers and vehicles as possible, 
and will keep many of our shared mobility-focused stations fully open to the public. However, some 
locations serving this use case may be ‘dedicated’ or have restricted access to ensure sufficient 
availability for these critical services. 
Similar to Cycles 1 and 2, we anticipate working with a variety of site hosts. We have built successful 
collaborations ranging from national retailers like Target and Bank of America, to small “mom and pop” 
shops. Through the National Outreach process, we received over 680 suggested station site locations, 
including interest from 107 submitters who have site control, and these leads have been referred to our 
real estate team. As we build our network for the long-term, station site selection and station 
experience remains an extremely important part of our investment strategy. 
Station Design Details 
Electrify America charging stations in metro areas typically include four ultra-fast PEV chargers. In 
locations for which we anticipate high demand, Electrify America may deploy up to 10 chargers, or even 
more at select “megasites” intended to serve drivers in the locations with highest demand. In areas with 
limited real estate, available power, or projected utilization, Electrify America may opt to build as few as 
two chargers in a single location. 
Electrify America’s ultra-fast chargers range from 150kW to 350kW of power based on anticipated needs 
and use cases, as well as available real estate and power. Some Electrify America metro stations may 
include Level 2 charging where the site host prefers, and where the business case can be justified. 
Electrify America does not include these chargers as standard at metro sites as experience from our 
previous deployments shows limited usage on most L2 chargers at public sites. For Cycle 3, the decision 
to include Level 2 charging will be made on a site-specific basis. 
In an attempt to manage utility costs, Electrify America plans to deploy energy storage and renewable 
generation at select stations, as well as site-level energy management tools. For storage investments, 
Electrify America analyzes anticipated usage and electricity tariffs at each station to determine whether 
an investment in storage will have a material impact on station economics. For renewable generation, 
we consider both the impact on station economics and the potential improvements to the customer 
experience such as the shade and cover provided by solar canopies. 
Station upgrade budgets will be used to add charging power, capacity, or enhancements at existing 
Electrify America stations to meet business needs or regulatory requirements. These investments may 

 
 
35 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
include, but are not limited to, adding additional dispensers, upgrading dispenser or overall site power, 
adding battery storage or renewable generation, or installing enhancements such as canopies for 
coverage from the weather or picnic tables. 
 
4.4 Highway and Regional Route Charging ($100 – $120M) 
4.4.1 Investment Overview 
Through Cycles 1 and 2, Electrify America has focused on building out a network of ultra-fast DC 
chargers that support both intrastate and interstate travel. We have built connectivity along the major 
interstate highways to a huge portion of the nation (Figure 10: Commissioned SitesFigure 10) 
Figure 10: Commissioned Sites5 
 
As a part of Cycle 2, we are also building out routes to regional destinations to support long distance 
travel. In Cycle 3 we plan to spend $100 – $120 million to continue building out our highway network, 
both adding regionally significant corridors that enable Americans to use an EV as a primary vehicle and 
filling in long stretches between stations on existing corridors, in order to support the ever-growing 
population of EV drivers. Corridor stations provide drivers the freedom to travel to, and charge in, more 
parts of the country. Building comprehensive coverage is particularly important in helping single vehicle 
households, which also tend to be low and moderate income, drive electric (U.S. Department of 
Transportation, 2020). 
 
5 Station map as of April 1, 2021 


 
 
36 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
4.4.2 Investment Selection Methodology 
Electrify America considered two types of highway routes: major interstates that increase network 
connectivity, and regional routes that serve major metros. 
To increase network connectivity, we used geospatial analysis of network gaps, average annual daily 
traffic (AADT), and stakeholder suggestions to identify major highway corridors that are currently not 
served by Electrify America. For example, I-90 and I-94 address current gaps across Montana, Wyoming, 
Minnesota, North Dakota and South Dakota, and I-20 bridges the gap between Dallas and Birmingham, 
AL. Building these routes will unlock long distance travel in these areas, as well as serve local 
communities that have not been able to connect to Electrify America’s network to date. 
To identify and prioritize regional routes, Electrify America has taken a data-driven approach to 
identifying and prioritizing highway and regional routes for investment. 
The first step in this process was to identify the counties and census tracts to which drivers travel from 
major metro areas throughout the United States. For each metro area in our dataset, we examined 
anonymized cell phone data with origins and destinations of all vehicle trips greater than 75 miles in 
length to identify the top 20 destination counties from each metro area. Error! Reference source not 
found. shows top destination counties of drivers in the Atlanta MSA. 
Figure 11: Top Destination Counties from Atlanta, GA 
 
In most cases, we were able to zoom in even closer and identify the top destination census tracts from 
each metro area. For example, Figure 12 shows destination census tracts of Grafton, Carroll, and 
Belknap Counties in New Hampshire, which are top destinations of Boston. Trips to this region are 
concentrated around recreational areas of Lake Winnipesaukee, White Mountains National Forest, and 
Mount Washington. 
 


 
 
37 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Figure 12: Top Destination Census Tracts within Grafton, Carroll, and Belknap Counties 
 
Next, we used ArcGIS mapping software to map the most likely route of travel from each origin metro to 
each top destination. We overlaid these routes with our planned station locations at the end of Cycle 2, 
and identified the ‘gaps’ in our existing network that need to be filled. In some cases, these were 
completely new routes, and in other cases these were existing routes that could be enhanced through 
additional stations. 
Third, Electrify America validated these routes by incorporating the feedback of Electrify America’s 
construction field team employees, and by overlapping the sites suggested through the National 
Outreach process, on social media, and in calls with the contact center. While the software-generated 
route is often the most traveled route, there are select cases where a slightly longer route may be the 
preferred route (e.g., more scenic, more attractions/amenities) and this qualitative feedback helps 
confirm our quantitative analysis. 
Finally, we examined AADT along each of the routes and use this data to create a ranking and 
prioritization (Figure 13). Our objective is to unlock new destinations for the largest number of current 
and future drivers, and AADT prioritizes those routes that are more frequently traveled. 
 


 
 
38 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Figure 13: AADT along a Proposed Route from Houston to College Station, TX 
 
4.4.3 Investment Details 
Station Siting Details: 
Electrify America plans to spend $100 - $120 million on regional route / highway investments as part of 
Cycle 3. These funds account for new stations built in Cycle 3, upgrades or enhancements to existing 
Electrify America stations, and ongoing operations for our network of stations built in Cycles 1 and 2. In 
addition, Electrify America anticipates that upon fulfilling its obligations to invest $300 million consistent 
with the Cycle 2 National ZEV Investment Plan, there may be stations in the planning, development, or 
construction stages and not yet completed. Those stations will be completed using Cycle 3 funding as a 
part of this Cycle 3 budget, after all Cycle 2 investment obligations have been met. 
Table 4 lists the set of routes along which Electrify America intends to build stations in Cycle 3. The 
number of stations is determined based on the length of the route, location of existing Electrify America 
stations, and the likely origin of BEVs traveling on the routes. 
 


 
 
39 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Table 4: National Highway Investments 
 
 
Highway Estimated Station Count 
Albert Lea, MN to Butte, MT, I-90 11 
Minneapolis, MN to Billings, MT, I-94 9 
Dallas, TX to Birmingham, AL, I-20 6 
Cheyenne, WY to Salt Lake City, UT, I-80 3 
Chicago, IL to Grand Rapids, MI, I-94, I-196 3 
Denver, CO to Billings, MT, I-25 3 
Portland, ME to Holton, ME, I-95 3 
Denver, CO to Glenwood Springs, CO, I-70 2 
Houston, TX to College Station, TX, SR-6, US-290 2 
Washington, DC to Morgantown, WV, I-70, I-68 2 
Minneapolis, MN to Duluth, MN, I-35 2 
Butte, MT to Great Falls, MT, I-15 2 
Allentown, PA to Scranton, PA, I-476 1 
Atlanta, GA to Nashville, TN, I-75/ I-24 1 
Atlanta, GA to Savannah, GA, I-16 1 
Boston, MA to White Mountains, I-93 1 
New York, NY to Albany, NY, I-84 1 
Newport, OR to Crescent City, CA, US-101 1 
Portland, OR to Bend, OR, US-26, US-97 1 
Rockland, NY to White Plains, NY, I-87 / I-287 1 
Washington, DC to Charlottesville, VA, US-29 1 
SUBTOTAL 57 
Station Upgrades 15-20 
TOTAL 72 – 77 

 
 
40 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Figure 14: Cycle 3 National Highway Map 
 
Throughout Cycle 3, Electrify America will continue analyzing charging needs throughout the United 
States. In the event that additional highway or regional route stations are required, or that real estate or 
operational challenges limit our ability to build along the proposed routes, Electrify America may opt to 
add or eliminate routes at its own discretion, and consistent with the methodologies established to 
guide investment within this plan. 
Station Design Details 
Electrify America charging stations along highways and regional routes typically employ four ultra-fast 
DCFC. In locations for which we anticipate high demand, Electrify America may employ up to 10 
chargers. In areas with limited real estate or available power, Electrify America may opt to build as few 
as two chargers in a single location. 
Stations along highway corridors are each individually designed to meet site-specific needs, and all 
stations will be able to charge light-duty EVs using the CCS charging standard. Where appropriate and 
feasible, highway stations may be designed to accommodate charging by larger vehicles as well, 
including light duty trucks and trailers. Due to the size and maneuverability of these vehicles, Electrify 
America must take additional considerations to ensure the safety of both drivers and equipment. 
Electrify America’s ultra-fast chargers range from 150kW to 350kW of power based on anticipated needs 
and use cases, as well as available real estate and power. 
In an attempt to manage utility costs and reduce demand charges, Electrify America plans to deploy 
energy storage and renewable generation at select stations, as well as site-level energy management 
tools. For storage investments, Electrify America analyzes anticipated usage and electricity tariffs at each 
station site to determine whether an investment in storage will have a material impact on station 
economics. For renewable generation we consider station economics, permitting and zoning limitations, 


 
 
41 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
as well as the potential improvements to the customer experience such as shade/cover provided by 
solar canopies. 
Station upgrade budgets will be used to add charging power, capacity, or enhancements at existing 
Electrify America stations to meet business needs or regulatory requirements. These investments may 
include, but are not limited to, adding additional dispensers, upgrading dispenser or overall site power, 
adding battery storage or renewable generation, or installing enhancements such as canopies for 
coverage from the weather or picnic tables. 
 4.5 Hardware and Capacity Building ($4 – $8M) 
4.5.1 Investment Overview 
Through our National Outreach process, Electrify America identified two critical areas for continuous 
improvement, in both our own business and in the industry as a whole: customer experience and station 
economics. The investments in this section all drive toward one or both of these objectives. 
4.5.2 Investment Details 
Energy Management Tools 
As detailed in 4.2.2, vehicle charging speeds are rising and will continue to rise over the coming years. In 
parallel, customers are requesting charging locations in areas with increasingly complex or constrained 
grid configurations (e.g., urban areas, garages, remote routes). Energy management is now an essential 
component of charging hardware and station operations. To support this growing need, Electrify 
America is securing tools to improve the energy usage at our stations. Energy tools to be developed in 
Cycle 3 breakdown into two main categories: energy modeling and energy management. 
Energy modeling tools are software that enables Electrify America to review usage at public stations and 
optimize the tariffs and rate structures in which we are enrolled. For many stations, the decision of 
which tariff to choose and how to optimize operations around that tariff is complex. 
Energy management tools include software and algorithms to manage real-time charging power levels 
at specific stations. One type of energy management tool is fleet energy management, which will help 
optimize the power draw from a fleet of vehicles all plugged in at once (e.g., at a transit depot), to 
minimize both cost and grid impact. A second type of tool is site energy management, which examines 
the expected load across a station, and works to drive down the energy costs at the site. As power and 
grid services markets continue to evolve, these energy management tools enable Electrify America to 
ensure its stations are able to help modernize an increase the responsiveness of the grid. 
Infrastructure Planning Tools 
In Cycle 3, Electrify America will also work to build a number of tools to aid in infrastructure planning, 
which will allow Electrify America to more accurately identify the future station locations most in 
demand, consistent with the Consent Decree mandate that Electrify America place its stations where 
they are most needed and will be most highly utilized. Optimal station siting (including both geographic 
location and amenities) is critical to the consumer experience, and we plan to work with automotive 
manufacturers, fleets, and other industry players to develop tools to improve station siting. We also 
intend to build out station cost optimization tools, which will help provide further transparency into 

 
 
42 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
station capital and operating costs, and ultimately allow us to drive down the overall cost of DCFC. 
Finally, we will use a small portion of funds to support the National Outreach process for Cycle 4. 
Table 5: Additional Investment Details 
 
4.6 Other Unanticipated Investments 
Throughout Cycle 3, Electrify America will continue to review submissions and meet with stakeholders 
on potential ZEV Infrastructure investment areas. If Electrify America is presented with any specific, 
creditable, and sustainable investments in eligible ZEV infrastructure as defined by Appendix C of the 
Partial Consent Decree, Electrify America will investigate the opportunity and consider it for investment 
in Cycle 3. Of course, any new investments would reduce the budget dedicated to the above described 
infrastructure use cases in favor of the new effort. Electrify America would inform EPA staff of any 
reallocation of Cycle 3 funding to new ZEV infrastructure use cases not included in the Cycle 3 ZEV 
Investment Plan. 
4.7 Infrastructure Investment Timeline and Milestones 
In Cycle 3, Electrify America will rely on our extensive experience from Cycles 1 and 2 in installing PEV 
charging stations across the United States efficiently. Deploying DCFC stations can be complicated since 
it requires substantial coordination between real estate owners, hardware vendors, construction 
contractors, utilities, permitting agencies, and our own internal teams. To deliver the investments 
detailed in this chapter, Electrify America undertakes a range of activities including: 
 Ordering equipment 
 Developing new property leads 
 Validating the suitability of multiple property leads per station 
 Negotiating and signing lease or license agreements (or, where appropriate, purchasing 
property) 
 Developing permitting/pre‐construction packages 
 Filing permits 
 Warehousing equipment and performing quality assurance/quality control 
 Securing permit approval 
 Preparing the station site for construction 
 Delivering equipment to the site 
 Constructing the station 
 Landscaping 
 Coordinating with the utility on the grid/inspection and any additional utility preparation 
including new transformers or upgraded substations 
 Commissioning 
Investment Category Estimated Spend ($M)1 
Energy Management $2-4 
Infrastructure Planning $2-4 
1In the event that any of the Energy Management or Infrastructure Planning Tools are unable to be pursued, 
Electrify America will redirect all funds will be redistributed to other approved use cases in order to ensure Electrify 
America meets the investment requirements of the ZEV Investment Commitment in the Partial Consent Decree. 

 
 
43 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
 
It can be difficult to estimate a standard timeframe required to go from securing a potential DCFC 
station to having it ready for customer use due to major station by station differences in real estate 
availability, utility capacity considerations, local permitting agencies’ timelines, required easements, and 
other often unforeseen business factors. 
To aid in efficient roll outs, Electrify America has developed national commercial agreements with major 
real-estate holders including Target, Walmart, Simon Malls, Brixmor, Sheetz, Bank of America, and 
others. Partnering to install stations in the parking lots of these storefronts reduces the time spent 
brokering unique contract agreements, negotiating over station configurations, and provides us with 
real estate leads in some of the most challenging charging station siting markets. Over the course of the 
last two Cycles, we have also focused on building constructive relationships with numerous local utilities 
and permitting agencies. We have learned that these business to business relationships are essential for 
more predictable and streamlined station deployment. 
Continuing a practice already begun in Cycles 1 and 2, Electrify America will work closely with federal 
departments, state agencies, and local governments to improve charging infrastructure planning and 
deployment, to identify station site leads, and to improve processes such as permitting, easements, and 
other factors that slow down charging infrastructure installations. State agencies will play a critical role 
in the United States reaching President Biden’s proposed goal of 500,000 charging stations by 2030. 
These conversations also help identify other charging infrastructure programs or private/public funding 
opportunities that could be leveraged with Electrify America’s investments to further increase the net 
funding in infrastructure. 
Electrify America plans to begin development of the first Cycle 3 stations as soon as EPA determines the 
Cycle 3 National ZEV Investment Plan to be consistent with the Partial Consent Decree. If this 
determination is made prior to the start of Cycle 3, specifically no later than six months prior, Electrify 
America will be able to conduct new RFPs, negotiate contracts, place orders for equipment, secure 
station sites, and begin other key development activities in advance of the beginning of Cycle 3. Based 
on this schedule, by Q3 2022 the first Cycle 3 stations are expected to be online, with many additional 
Cycle 3 stations well on their way through the development stage. Figure 15 illustrates the preliminary 
planned rollout of Cycle 3 DCFC infrastructure to support metro, highway, and regional route charging 
investments. Table 6 illustrates the anticipated preliminary roll-out schedule for infrastructure stations 
in Cycle 3. 

 
 
44 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Figure 15: Cycle 3 Timeline 
 
Table 6: Metro Community Charging and Regional Route and Highway Site Count 
 
Building off the relationships we fostered throughout Cycles 1 and 2, Electrify America will continue to 
rely upon the capabilities and innovations of an extensive group of experienced suppliers to support the 
deployment of charging infrastructure in Cycle 3. For each of our investments we will engage in a 
competitive procurement process to select vendors as necessary to meet the build-out schedules for the 
above Cycle 3 schedule. Our process will include conducting inclusive RFIs and RFPs to support activities 
such as station site identification, station development, and procurement of both current and newly 
designed charging equipment. 
4.8 Maintenance Plan for Infrastructure 
Electrify America recognizes that customer experience is a critical element to PEV adoption and is 
committed to industry-leading customer service and station maintenance and repair. To this end, 
Electrify America has established contractual requirements to reasonably resolve critical issues with all 
stations within a maximum of 72 hours. 
Quarter Pre-Site Selection In Development Operational 
Q2 2022 70-110 30-50 0-30 
Q4 2022 40-80 30-50 30-60 
Q2 2023 0-20 30-50 60-90 
Q4 2023 0 30-50 90-120 
Q2 2024 0 0 ~160 

 
 
45 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
At Electrify America, maintenance and customer experience actually starts long before chargers and 
technology are deployed in the public. Our Center of Excellence lab allows our team to test new 
hardware and software releases before they roll out nationwide. In addition, we work closely with 
partners from nearly all automotive manufacturers to test upcoming vehicles before they hit the 
market, and ensure any charging related bugs are addressed prior to a customer reaching our station. 
Electrify America also invests significant resources in training our staff and the staff of our vendors. We 
have developed a curriculum to teach technicians how to safely and effectively perform both routine 
preventative and emergent maintenance on ZEVs. While the specific details of this program are 
proprietary, this program is a critical element in providing industry-leading service. 
All routine preventative, campaign, and emergency maintenance is conducted by a contractor we 
selected through a competitive bid process. Prior to the conclusion of the contract, or as necessary, 
Electrify America will solicit competitive bids to ensure no lapses in maintenance coverage for 10 years 
from the Partial Consent Decree effective date. In addition, all public Cycle 3 stations will be marked 
with a toll-free customer service hotline. Since our inception in 2017, our Contact Center has received 
repeated praise from consumers for its customer service, and should any customers encounter issues 
charging at an Electrify America station, the contact center will be able to provide support. Agents and 
operators have access to real-time station status information and can perform tasks such as reviewing 
unit performance history, initiating a charge, resetting a charger, or other issue resolution tasks. The 
Contact Center is able to resolve the majority of customer-related issues by receiving and triaging phone 
calls from customers. In 2020, the Customer Support Center handled 47,477 calls, a 79% increase from 
the call volume in 2019, and the average wait time to speak with a Charging Specialist was just five 
seconds. In 2020, the average call length was just under nine minutes. For non-English speaking 
customers, a translation line 3-way service is available to agents to translate between the customer and 
the agent. 
For customer issues that require further technical assistance, Contact Center agents work with Electrify 
America’s Network Operations Center (NOC) to identify a solution for the customer. The NOC team 
conducts root-cause analysis of customer issues, develops solutions with hardware manufacturers, 
functionally operates and monitors charging assets, supports maintenance service personnel, manages 
field maintenance deliverables, drives key performance metrics, reports network trends, and works to 
maximize the value of equipment and service warranties. 
4.9 Pricing, Interoperability, and Open Access 
Electrify America plans to own and operate the vast majority of PEV infrastructure investments 
proposed in this Cycle 3 ZEV Investment Plan, though select investments may be handled under 
different ownership/operating structures as required for specific locations and use case needs. At 
stations for which Electrify America owns and operates the infrastructure, pricing will be a function of 
inputs including utility costs, station capital and operating costs, competitor pricing for subscription and 
rack rate products, and gasoline equivalent prices. Electrify America will set and adjust prices as 
required to reflect these inputs and drive toward a sustainable business model that always offers fair 
and reasonable value to consumers. 

 
 
46 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
In recent years, the automotive industry has converged 
on CCS as the non-proprietary standard of choice for 
vehicles in the U.S. Nissan, the last BEV manufacturer 
producing CHAdeMO vehicles for the North American 
market, has announced that the upcoming Ariya will use 
CCS charging (Goodwin, 2020). As sales of all new BEVs 
shift to CCS, Electrify America forecasts that over 90% of 
the non-Tesla BEVs in operation will use CCS by 2025. 
Electrify America is already seeing this shift at our 
stations. CHAdeMO usage (including Tesla via CHAdeMO 
adapter) accounted for just 9% of station usage in the 
first quarter of 2021, down from 15% in 2019, despite 
CHAdeMO chargers making up over 20% of all DCFC 
equipment at our stations. In addition, whereas 
historically a CHAdeMO adapter was the only way to fast 
charge Tesla vehicles outside of the Supercharger 
network, in late-2020 Setec Power released a CCS to 
Tesla adapter (Moloughney, 2020), thereby unlocking 
CCS chargers to interested Tesla drivers. 
Through Cycles 1 and 2, Electrify America will have built 
over 800 CHAdeMO stations across the country. Together with nearly 5,000 chargers built by other 
networks, legacy CHAdeMO drivers have access to a robust charging network. At the time of writing, the 
ratio of CHAdeMO vehicles in operation to CHAdeMO DCFC is just 22:1. Given this, Electrify America will 
focus its Cycle 3 investment on the future of electrification and deploy CCS as the non-proprietary 
standard at our stations. This action helps to reinforce the automotive manufacturers’ convergence on a 
single standard, reduces customer confusion, reduces capital and operating costs, and ultimately is 
expected to lead to increased EV adoption. 
Electrify America operates a truly open network – open to vehicles from all automakers, open to 
multiple payment methods, and built on open and non-proprietary standards. Electrify America’s public 
DCFC stations are all equipped with credit/debit card readers, and Electrify America believes that open 
access to charging stations is best guaranteed through credit card readers. Electrify America’s network 
of ultra-fast chargers will also have the ability to accept multiple payment methods, including a user-
friendly app, apps developed by other automakers, and even payment by phone. Most importantly, 
Electrify America’s stations are the first in the United States to be deployed with “Plug & Charge” 
capabilities under the IEC/ISO 15118 standard, which allows a customer with a capable CCS vehicle to 
simply plug the vehicle into the charger and initiate a charge – an experience even more simple than a 
gas station. 
Electrify America will also support open protocols including Open Charge Point Protocol (OCPP) that 
allow more standardized communication between different chargers and networks. Electrify America 
will work to maintain OCPP compliance and other measures to help maximize interoperability, a term 
that describes the ease of communication between the charger and the network it is on. In addition, 
Electrify America’s public stations will be equipped with back end systems that can use Open Charge 
Point Interface (OCPI) 2.1 to communicate with other networks, when a business agreement is secured. 
Automotive Manufacturers That Have 
Adopted CCS 
 Aston Martin 
Audi 
Bentley 
BMW 
Bollinger 
Byton 
Cadillac 
Chevrolet 
Chrysler 
Energica 
Faraday Future 
Fisker 
Ford 
Genesis 
GMC 
Honda 
 
Harley-Davidson 
Kia 
Lucid Motors 
Mazda 
Mercedes-Benz 
Mini 
Nissan 
Polestar 
Porsche 
Rimac 
Rivian 
SF Motors 
Volkswagen 
Volvo 
Zero 

 
 
47 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Electrify America supports use of a common, non-proprietary communication interface that does not 
require use of any particular firm’s intellectual property or mandate contractual terms among private 
sector actors. 
Through the ability to accept multiple payment methods and a strong focus on publicly-accessible 
infrastructure, Electrify America will be building a highly interoperable network that provides access to 
as many consumers as possible. 
5. Public Education, Awareness, Access, and Marketing Activities 
(~$42M) 
5.1 Introduction 
As Electrify America embarks on building our Education, Awareness, Access, and Marketing campaigns, 
the ZEV marketplace is changing. For the first time in many years, there is excitement and political will at 
the federal, state, and local levels, and significant progress within the automotive industry. 
Demographics and consumer attitudes are catching up with the wave of innovation. At the same time, 
the industry’s growth trajectory is weighed down by tired myths and inaccuracies which continue to 
cloud public perceptions and discourage consumers from making the switch to ZEVs. More work is 
needed in awareness and education. 
As we look ahead to Cycle 3, our marketing activities will seek to correct misconceptions while building 
off of the success and lessons learned from Cycle 2. 
5.2 Insights from Our National Outreach and Experience in Cycles 1 and 2 
Some of history’s most successful marketing campaigns are those that not only highlight the core 
attributes of the product or service itself, but also draw upon the broader context and climate of the 
world at that moment. Electrify America’s National Outreach process, as described in Chapter 3, 
provides some of this macro context, offering varied perspectives to complement the marketing 
research Electrify America conducts for our day-to-day business. This section summarizes the marketing 
insights gathered through this effort from our National Outreach website; meetings with key 
stakeholders, reporters, bloggers, and social media influencers; and a thorough review of research by 
academics and other leading thinkers in our industry. It also contains insights and lessons learned from 
our ZEV investments to date, which have informed our thinking regarding investments in Cycle 3. 
5.2.1 Insights on Brand-Neutral Messaging 
5.2.1.1 Awareness of incentive programs must increase through education 
According to the Plug-In Electric Vehicle Policy Tool developed by NASEO and Cadmus (see 4.3.1), 
financial incentives are the single most effective mechanism for driving EV adoption. 
However, to ensure these incentives have maximum impact, consumers need to know about them. 
Unfortunately, NREL’s PEV Showcases report notes just 34% of consumers are familiar with EV tax 
incentives (Singer, 2020), and a 2019 study by Morning Consult found 84% of adults said they were 
unsure about whether their state offers incentives to electric vehicle buyers. Even in California, the 
nation’s most developed BEV market, a 2019 UC Davis study of consumers found that “Californians are 
largely unaware of the state’s efforts to dramatically increase ZEV adoption” (Hardman et al., 2019). 

 
 
48 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
In our Brand Neutral Cycle 3 campaign planning, we are preparing for an influx in public interest 
regarding incentives and other key information about buying an EV. As policies change and new 
incentives are introduced, awareness campaigns are able to inform the public of these changes and 
share new opportunities. 
5.1.1.2 New EV model releases expand potential buyer segments 
Historically, customers have had limited EV choices, and many cited a lack of model options as a barrier 
to adoption. However, EV model availability continues to grow, with over 80 light-duty EV models 
available in 2019 (Figure 16) (Alternative Fuels Data Center, 2020). As more vehicle models become 
available – particularly crossovers (CUVs), SUVs, and pickups – customers who were previously limited 
by low model availability can find EVs that fit their vehicle needs. We heard this sentiment from a 
number of submitters to our National Outreach website, including multiple who noted that the SUVs, 
CUVs, and trucks coming to market will unlock travel to destinations such as National Parks, Forests, or 
Monuments. 
Google Analytics website data from NormalNow.com shows our target audience is excited about the 
new models and hungry for more information: “EV Models” was the second-most clicked call-to-action 
button on NormalNow.com during Cycle 2. However, despite ever growing models and body styles of 
PEVs, there continues to be confusion and misperceptions around offerings and model variety. Some 
commenters on our social media channels write to us that they still believe EVs are “clown cars,” “dodo 
birds,” or “glorified golf carts.” In Cycle 3, we hope to make education and awareness investments to 
address these misconceptions head on. 
 
Figure 16: PEV Model Availability by Model Year 
 
 
5.1.1.3 Consumers continue to show concerns about vehicle functionality, even as awareness increases 
Despite recent growth in EV models, ranges, affordability, and available charging infrastructure, 
consumers continue to express concerns about whether an EV is right for them. Concerns persist across 
a number of areas including: 
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019
PEV Model Count
Model Year

 
 
49 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
 
Performance and range: 
According to research by Bo MacInnis and Jon A. Krosnick at Resources for the Future, 
only 26% of surveyed Americans believed that BEVs have better acceleration than 
gasoline-powered cars, while almost as many (25%) believe that BEVs have poorer 
acceleration than gasoline-powered cars. The research further showed that the 
perception that EVs have better acceleration than gasoline-powered cars was a 
statistically significant predictor of openness to purchasing them. As these people are 
more motivated to buy EVs than others and superior acceleration is in fact an EV 
attribute, this study demonstrates that performance-based messaging is likely to be very 
effective (MacInnis et al., 2020). Similarly, a 2020 survey of 1,000 Americans on 
attitudes toward EVs found that 26% of Americans think that range is the most 
important factor in choosing whether to drive an EV or ICE vehicle (Archer, 2020). 
Charging Anxiety and Accessibility: 
MacInnis and Krosnick’s research also found that 78% of Americans perceive charging 
EV batteries to be difficult, with 22% of Americans believe that charging EV batteries is 
extremely difficult, 24% think it is very difficult, and 32% perceive it to be moderately 
difficult. The study also showed that those who believe charging EV batteries to be 
difficult are also more likely to be reluctant to buy EVs than those who believe battery 
charging is slightly difficult or not difficult at all (MacInnis et al., 2020). 
 
A Comscore study of Electrify America’s Normal Now Cycle 2: Flight 1 campaign found 
additional evidence of charging anxiety. According to the findings, as our target 
audience became more familiar with EVs, there was also an increase in common 
concerns around charging (+4.4% increase in concern around charge time). This might 
seem counterintuitive, but as people become more aware of EVs, they have more 
nuanced questions about their functionality. For example they become more concerned 
about things like range, which they might not have thought of before. This suggests a 
need for additional complementary messaging to assuage these concerns. 
 
Affordability 
On consumer perceptions of affordability, MacInnis and Krosnick found 22% of 
Americans believe that driving EVs is more costly than driving gasoline-powered cars, 
and that a perceived higher cost of maintaining an EV was a predictor of purchasing 
reluctance (MacInnis et al., 2020). 
 
Environmentalism 
Finally, MacInnis and Krosnick found more than one-quarter (28%) of Americans believe 
that driving an EV will not help the environment at all or that it will help the 
environment “a little.” Furthermore, these buyers are approximately 40% more likely to 
resist purchasing an EV than those who perceive a great deal of environmental benefits 
from EVs (MacInnis et al., 2020). 

 
 
50 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
5.1.1.4 Access to ZEVs is critical to combat misconceptions 
Many of the misconceptions about EVs can be 
addressed through marketing and communications, 
but providing consumers with access to PEVs is an 
equally essential strategy. Respondents with 
firsthand exposure to EVs were more likely to at least 
expect to consider a PEV (PHEV 70% and BEV 72%) 
than those with no prior exposure (PHEV 49% and 
BEV 44%), according to a 2020 report by NREL 
(Singer, 2020). Ride and drives, riding in an electric 
taxi, and similar experiences that ‘put butts in seats’ 
and give otherwise unfamiliar consumers the 
opportunity to experience a ZEV have proven to be 
particularly successful. While 65% of Americans have 
not driven (or do not know someone who has driven) 
an all-electric car or truck (MacInnis et al., 2020), a 
2016 report from the Center for Sustainable Energy 
found that approximately 70% of consumers 
surveyed said they were more likely to purchase an 
EV after test-driving one (Center for Sustainable Energy, 2016). Plug In America found similar results in 
their ride and drives sponsored by Electrify America - 92% Of EV ride and drive attendees said their 
impression of EVs is “better” after driving one. 
In addition to traditional ride and drives, there is increasing evidence of the power of electrified shared 
mobility in driving ZEV awareness and adoption. As detailed in section 4.2.5, electric TNC drivers are 
often evangelists for EV adoption, sharing details on the benefits of EV ownership with their passengers. 
Through our partnership with Lyft in Denver, CO, we have begun to see the positive impact first hand. To 
date, approximately 200 Lyft Flexdrive EVs in Denver have provided over 300,000 rides. Moreover, Lyft 
riders are 38% more likely to say that they would consider purchasing an EV if they have previously 
taken a ride in an EV, as compared to those who have never ridden in one (Lyft, 2021B).6 
Given the above data, we are prioritizing firsthand experience with ZEVs in both access investments and 
our brand-neutral education and awareness activities. While the COVID-19 pandemic has limited this 
activity since early 2020, we hope to conduct or sponsor more test-drive and ride and drive activities 
and support access to ZEVs in Cycle 3. 
5.2.2 Insights on Branded Messaging 
5.2.2.1 Current BEV owners lack understanding of how to best utilize public DCFC 
In conducting qualitative focus groups in 2020 among BEV owners, Electrify America found that many 
BEV drivers do not regularly charge in public and therefore do not understand how to utilize public 
DCFC. We also found there is a significant knowledge gap in terminology associated with charging (e.g. 
‘State of Charge’). There are many nuances to optimal use of public DCFC that are not being 
communicated by OEMs and must be addressed by charging companies like Electrify America. 
 
6 Figure excludes riders who already own EVs 


 
 
51 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
5.2.2.2 Customers care about charging speed, range, the customer experience, and innovation 
Through our social listening, qualitative analysis, and third-party research, we have gained vital insights 
into the wants and needs of EV drivers and car buyers that will inform our Cycle 3 strategy. These 
important takeaways have pointed us to areas for improvement and focus our branded marketing 
moving forward. 
● Charging Speed: We have found that many EV owners continue to believe that charging is slow 
or difficult, likely due to a lack of experience using DCFC. 
● Locations/Accessibility: Range anxiety among our audience is tightly tied to charger accessibility. 
We receive frequent feedback on social media channels from customers requesting more 
station sites. We must instill range confidence. 
● Quality Customer Experience: Our customers continue to seek out reliable charging and a high-
functioning app experience, both of which we continue to optimize and communicate against 
accordingly. Additionally, many customer complaints stem from user error at the charging 
station (e.g., credit card issues), indicating an increased need for educational content around 
using charging stations. 
● Industry Innovation and Corporate Social Responsibility: The environmental impact of BEV 
charging at public ultra-fast charging stations continues to be a topic of conversation among 
drivers. We plan to address these concerns via our Innovation and CSR communications, 
including renewable energy initiatives and a carbon offset program. 
5.2.3 Insights on Channels and Strategy for Both Brand Neutral and Branded Communications 
5.2.3.1 Digital channels are increasingly important 
Similar to the evolution occurring in the broader marketing and advertising space, digital advertising and 
social media are becoming increasingly important channels for reaching consumers. According to a 2020 
Google/C-Space survey and interviews of American and European consumers, new car buyers 
(consumers who do not currently have their own car and COVID-19 has influenced their decision to 
consider purchasing a new car) were 1.2x more likely to turn to YouTube in their research process and 
1.5x more likely than the typical car buyer (consumers who currently own a car and would like to 
purchase a new car to replace it) to use social media for information about vehicles (Google, 2020). 
Electrify America’s National Outreach process submissions also highlighted a similar trend, with state 
agencies in Tennessee and New York noting the importance and opportunity of digital campaigns to 
tailor and target brand neutral education and awareness to local audiences. 
In light of the demographics mentioned above, YouTube and other social channels are increasingly 
important channels for both our brand neutral and branded marketing initiatives. 
5.2.3.2 Social media enables customer success 
For Electrify America, social media has become an extension of our call center, providing real-time, one-
on-one communication and improving the customer experience. Research shows that 63% of customers 
expect companies to offer customer service via their social media channels, and 90% of social media 
users have already used social media as a way to communicate with a brand or business (Mangles, 
2017). Social media is faster than traditional telephone outreach, can be more responsive, and is 
available on the platforms where people are increasingly spending their time (Amaresan, 2020). 

 
 
52 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
EV drivers love to communicate, especially on social media. Through our monitoring of social 
conversations, we have found that drivers today on social media have many questions on station 
locations, charger availability, amenities, and Plug & Charge. In our Cycle 3 branded marketing strategy, 
and to a more limited extent in our brand neutral strategy, we plan to continue engagement with 
consumers through social media. 
5.2.3.3 Workforce training and development is key to growing institutional industry knowledge 
Through our National Outreach process, we heard a number of calls for workforce training related to 
ZEV maintenance and EVSE maintenance and installation. Submissions suggested partnership with either 
trade schools, local colleges, or high schools. The West Virginia University National Alternative Fuels 
Training Consortium wrote to “encourage the inclusion of funding in the development and deployment 
of standardized EV technician training curricula.” The North Central Texas Council of Governments called 
for investments in technician and dealer training, and The Lion Electrify Co. suggested investment in 
training activities for heavy-duty electric vehicle technicians. Electrify America recognizes the need for 
further workforce training and is committed to helping educate the future leaders and workers of the EV 
industry. 
5.2.3.4 New opportunities as buyer demographics evolve 
As the EV market matures, and the national landscape evolves from COVID-19 and other major events, 
buyer demographics are shifting. In some cases, new customer segments are considering EVs that might 
not have considered them in the past. For example, according to a 2020 EV Model Launch Survey 
conducted by Google, as a result of COVID-19 a segment of consumers who do not currently own a car is 
now considering purchase, as they opt for personal vehicles instead of public transportation. According 
to the survey, relative to a typical new car buyer, these new considerers are younger, more urban, and 
more open to BEVs and PHEVs. 
Electrify America monitors evolving purchase behavior on a monthly basis to keep a close assessment on 
how the customer set is evolving. As we craft marketing campaigns and messaging for Cycle 3, we will 
optimize our media campaigns to the evolving base of both EV adopters and intenders alike. 
5.3 Investment Overview 
5.3.1 Marketing Framework 
The framework Electrify America plans to use for both its brand neutral education and awareness and 
branded marketing efforts in Cycle 3 follows the same Paid, Earned, Shared, and Owned (PESO) model 
used in Cycle 2. As its name implies, the PESO model relies on four distinct and complementary media 
channels. These categories (described below) work in concert to maximize the effectiveness and 
consistency of marketing efforts. The PESO model is comprehensive but also provides enough flexibility 
to support a wide range of channel messaging. Given this, Electrify America plans to use PESO for both 
its Education and Awareness and Station Utilization campaigns. 
● Paid Media - Content methodically distributed based on financial compensation to place the 
message and control its distribution. This includes traditional TV, radio, digital banner ads, out-
of-home (billboard) advertising, and sponsored content on social media. 
● Earned Media - The published coverage of a company, cause, or individual’s message by a 
credible third party, such as a journalist, blogger, trade analyst, or industry influencer. An 
example of includes press release content published in newspapers or magazines. 

 
 
53 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
● Shared Media - The practice of distributing content through an entity’s own loyal user base or 
audience. An example includes shared media posts on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram. 
● Owned Media - The aggregation and dissemination of content from loyal customers and 
followers for redistribution as a marketing asset. Examples include customer/employee stories 
and testimonials published on a company’s website. 
Figure 17: Cycle 3 Brand Neutral Education & Awareness and Branded Marketing Framework 
 
5.3.2 Media Approach 
As we look to build our both our brand neutral and branded Cycle 3 marketing campaigns, we are 
approaching our investments with three core principles: communicating at the right moment, 
communicating in the right places, and data-informed optimization of media. 
Communicating at the Right Moment: Prioritize Nimbleness in Media Planning 
To maximize impact, our media buy must be able to adapt quickly to cultural changes and act on what 
our data is telling us about what is and/or is not performing. In Cycle 2, periods of political unrest, 
Hurricane Dorian,7 and other macro events drove us to shift media buys on nearly a moment’s notice. In 
some cases, we went in and out of market within hours to ensure our message was appropriate and 
timely, and to avoid any backlash from messaging that might be perceived to be deaf to the current 
moment. In Cycle 2, this flexibility and nimbleness enabled us to maximize our available funds and meet 
the consumer at the right moment. In Cycle 3, Electrify America will continue this approach, leveraging 
all available data and prioritizing flexible media buys. 
Communicating in the Right Places: from Mass Media to Targeted Emerging Media 
 
7 During Hurricane Dorian, Electrify America put chargers in emergency areas in free-vend mode to support access 
and driver safety 


 
 
54 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
In Cycle 1, our primary messaging tactic was mass media, leveraging TV ads. In Cycle 2, “cord cutting,” 
known as cancelling or forgoing a cable television subscription, hit record numbers, in part due to 
shelter in place from COVID-19. According to new research from eMarketer, the cable, satellite and 
telecom TV industry is on track to lose the most subscribers ever. In 2020, over 6 million U.S. households 
will cut the cord with pay TV, bringing the total number of cord-cutter households to 31.2 million. The 
analysis showed that by 2024, the number will grow even further, reaching 46.6 million total cord-cutter 
households, or more than a third of all U.S. households that no longer have pay TV (Perez, 2020). 
Reflecting this broader shift, we adjusted our advertising efforts to emerging media (digitization of 
traditional media) such as podcasts, streaming audio, and digital TV (i.e., Hulu, Roku, and Sling TV). 
In addition to audience growth, there are many benefits of using emerging media platforms, which are 
outlined in the below sections. In Cycle 3, we will continue our emerging media efforts, building on Cycle 
2 insights. 
Data-Informed Optimization of Media 
A key element of Electrify America’s success in Cycle 2 was our ability to gather data in real time (or near 
real time) about the impacts of our campaigns and shift channels or messaging as necessary to maximize 
impact. In Cycle 3, we plan to use similar third party measurement mechanisms, such as: 
● Comscore: Comscore studies lifts in campaign key performance indicators (KPIs) (e.g., 
awareness, familiarity, purchase consideration) as measured by comparing results between 
audiences who saw our campaign vs. those who did not (control group). These insights inform 
overall campaign strategy, goalsetting, and optimization. 
● Facebook: Facebook studies measure paid media performance and brand lift (awareness, 
favorability, and intent). This information is used to optimize Facebook campaigns for video 
completions, ad recall, reach, or impressions. 
● Twitter: Twitter studies measure paid media performance and brand lift (awareness, 
favorability, intent, and brand imagery). This information is used to optimize Twitter campaigns 
for impressions, video views, and swipe-ups. 
● Creative Testing: We will commission quantitative and qualitative research to study the creative 
work’s likeability and clarity of message. For example, in Cycle 2, we commissioned two 
quantitative surveys that reached 1,679 individuals, as well as two rounds of qualitative focus 
groups including 34 individuals. These types of creative studies are used to inform campaign 
concept, tagline choice, and visual approach. 
● Website Testing and Analytics: We will analyze the campaign website’s Google Analytics 
performance monthly, measuring total sessions, percent of new sessions, bounce rate, average 
session duration, traffic sources, page visits, and on-site actions. This data will be used to 
indicate areas of audience interest and overall website performance. We may also conduct 
website creative testing on an as-needed basis, such as A/B testing different landing pages to 
optimize for best audience engagement. 
● Paid Media Performance: We will analyze paid media performance on a monthly basis, 
measuring impressions, click-through rates, video completion rates, total video views, engaged 
visits, and on-site actions. This data will be used to remove lower-performing ad units from 
rotation to focus spend on effective units, as well as track performance to inform new creative. 

 
 
55 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
● Paid Social Media Sentiment Analysis: We will continue to analyze comments related to our 
social media on a daily basis, including both paid social ads and organic social posts. In Cycle 2, 
we reviewed 4,849 comments on our social channels. 
● Google Audience Insights: Through Google’s Audience Insights tool, we are able to access 
information about website audience demographics, passion points, top interests, auto in-market 
shopping, and geographic region. Leveraging these insights–such as passion points (e.g., value 
shoppers)–allows us to optimize our messaging and media placements to meet our audience 
with the right message in the right place. 
5.4 Brand Neutral Campaign: Boosting ZEV Adoption through Education and Awareness 
(~$24.5M) 
5.4.1 Brand Neutral Campaign: Strategy & Audience 
Similar to Cycle 2, in Cycle 3 we intend to increase public awareness and interest in ZEVs through 
educational marketing and other experiential marketing. However, we will be shifting the focus of our 
attention from a ‘pull’ strategy of bringing customers to our brand neutral campaign page to a ‘push’ 
strategy in which we are pushing educational content directly to the consumer through their existing 
media channels. 
In Cycle 2, we launched NormalNow.com to help inform consumers about ZEVs, dispel common 
consumer myths, and provide tools for consumers to research and ultimately purchase ZEVs. The 
website has been quite successful, garnering over two million website visitors in Cycle 2. While we have 
been successful in driving our target audience to learn more through NormalNow.com, we see an 
opportunity to increase our reach and impact by surfacing educational content directly on both 
emerging and traditional media outlets. 
With this in mind, in Cycle 3 we look to include more educational content and culturally relevant 
communications in our emerging omni-channel media marketing. The goal is to counter common 
misconceptions without requiring our target audience to visit a website. While an educational microsite 
will remain active, we believe that surfacing the educational messaging in the paid marketing 
communications will reduce the number of clicks required before learning key facts, and ultimately have 
a more immediate impact on the audience. 
With respect to our target audience, in Cycle 3 we aim to increase awareness among Americans who are 
unfamiliar with ZEVs, and promote adoption among those considering purchasing a new vehicle. We 
plan to utilize Google Audience Insights and NormalNow.com performance analytics to ensure we are 
delivering our message in a manner that meets the media habits and content interests of our audience. 
We also plan to deliver content in languages other than English to ensure our message can reach as 
broad an audience as possible. 
5.4.2 Brand Neutral Campaign: Communication Pillars 
Electrify America’s communication pillars will remain relatively consistent between Cycles 2 and 3. 
Despite campaigns from Electrify America and dozens of other players across the industry, past 
campaign performance and research indicate that these pillars remain essential to overcoming EV 
misconceptions (see Section 5.2.1). Additionally, Electrify America feels that Cycle 2 was not able to fully 
tackle each pillar due to the complications caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, which halted ride and 
drives, canceled auto shows, and pushed back OEM model launches. In Cycle 3, Electrify America plans 

 
 
56 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
to use the PESO model as the basis for our communication tactics in this campaign. See Section 5.3.1 for 
details. 
The campaign will feature the following pillars: 
 Performance: 
a. Range: Most BEVs can drive over 200 miles on a single charge—with some up to 
500. 
b. Fun to Drive: EVs are fun to drive with instant torque, a silent motor, and great 
handling resulting from the low center of gravity. Handling remains a key factor in 
purchasing decisions among car buyers. 
 Charging Availability: With a home charger, you just plug in your EV overnight and wake up 
to a full charge in the morning. When you need to charge away from home, public fast-
charging stations are located all across the country. 
 Affordability: On average, BEV fuel costs are about half as much as fuel for an ICE vehicle, 
and federal, state, and local incentives can help make the initial vehicle purchase more 
affordable, especially for those of low and moderate income. 
 Models: With many new EV models that include SUVs, sedans, hatchbacks, trucks, and 
luxury vehicles, it’s easy to find one that’s right for you. 
 Environmental Impact: New to Cycle 3’s communication pillars is environmental impact — a 
subject of recurring conversation among our audience on social. 
a. PEVs can help keep your town and your world clean. In general, PEVs produce fewer 
emissions that contribute to climate change and smog than conventional vehicles 
(U.S. Department of Energy, 2020). 
b. All vehicles produce substantial life cycle emissions, and calculating them is 
complex. However, EVs typically produce fewer life cycle emissions than 
conventional vehicles because most emissions are lower for electricity generation 
than burning gasoline or diesel (U.S. Department of Energy, 2020). 
 
In addition to our standard media campaigns, Electrify America’s Cycle 1 and Cycle 2 experience has 
demonstrated that local organizations, community groups, and other non-profit organizations are often 
the best communicators of the messaging pillars identified above within their communities, and they 
are able to reach populations that a larger campaign would struggle to reach. Therefore, in Cycle 3 
Electrify America will also continue to sponsor the great and effective work of other organizations. 
● Membership and Sponsorship of Local Activities, Education, and Training: Electrify America will 
again support organizations that advance EV adoption, though solicitations, sponsorship, and 
memberships, particularly of activities that help target populations to access incentives. In 
addition, we will sponsor the development and execution of ZEV and ZEV infrastructure training 
programs to educate youth and workers on ZEV technology. Where feasible, Electrify America 
will seek to make all training materials publically available. 
5.4.3 Brand Neutral Campaign: Media Channels 
Electrify America leverages data from both our own media campaigns, as well as from third party work, 
to optimize our media spend and ensure the highest return for our investments. In Cycle 2, this data led 

 
 
57 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
us to focus investment heavily in digital media, and given the data we are seeing at the time of writing, 
we anticipate Cycle 3 to have a similar digital focus. 
Within digital, we have a wide range of investment options including, but not limited to: paid social 
media banner ads, programmatic banner ads, streaming audio banner ads, paid search, native banner 
ads, video banner ads, and direct website digital banner ads. As the way online customers consume 
media evolves, Electrify America will innovate and deliver brand neutral content to our online target 
audience the way they want to engage online. We also plan to invest in supplementary non-digital 
media advertising including but not limited to: out of home ads, radio ads, TV ads, and highway signage 
to maximize out messaging reach. 
5.4.4 Brand Neutral Campaign: Media Flight Plan 
Electrify America’s Cycle 3 media strategy will be broken into three paid media flights with an omni-
channel media buy. After each paid media flight, we will conduct an in depth paid media performance 
analysis and leverage the results to optimize our future media buys and creative content for the 
subsequent paid media flights. 
This media plan is subject to informed revision, based on market impacts and evidence of effectiveness.8 
Electrify America may make adjustments to maximize impact on ZEV adoption as necessary and 
appropriate during Cycle 3. 
Figure 18: Cycle 3 Brand Neutral Sample Media Plan 
 
 
8 This plan reflects Electrify America’s best projection of a Cycle 3 flight during the drafting of the Cycle 3 plan. Due 
to economic, political, and societal shifts in the market, media costs of each component may change, and 
therefore shift the optimal mix of investments. Electrify America will work with a competitively -selected media 
agency to optimize media spending for maximum impact on ZEV adoption. 


 
 
58 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
5.4.5 Brand Neutral Campaign: Budget 
For Cycle 3, Electrify America will invest $24.5M in brand neutral education and awareness activities. 
 
5.5 Access: Boosting ZEV Awareness and Adoption through Ride and Drives (~$0.5M) 
5.4.1 Access Campaign: Strategy & Audience 
In Cycle 3, Electrify America plans to continue supporting ride and drive programs. As outlined in Section 
5.2.1, providing access to ZEVs greatly increases a customer’s perception of EVs and destigmatizes the 
barriers around ZEVs. As such, these programs are a reliable mechanism for driving ZEV adoption. 
Based on our experience in previous cycles, working together with local organizations, community 
groups, and other non-profit organizations is the most effective way to engage target populations. These 
groups understand their community segments and their concerns around ZEV adoption, and are already 
working to bring ZEVs to underrepresented markets. We will continue to build ties to a diversity of 
organizations dedicated to ZEV education, and work alongside these partners to bring ride and drives to 
the American public. 
5.4.2 Access Campaign: Budget 
Electrify America plans to spend $0.5M on ride and drive programs in Cycle 3. 
In the event that Electrify America is unable to fund, or chooses not to fund, ride and drives at the 
specified budget amount, Electrify America will redirect the respective funds to brand neutral education 
and awareness activities. 
 
5.6 Branded Campaign: Boosting Station Utilization through Branded Marketing ($17M) 
As part of Cycle 3, Electrify America will engage in a branded marketing campaign intended to drive 
station utilization. High utilization is a key objective of the Partial Consent Decree and helps ensure 
sustainability of the infrastructure and network beyond the 10-year ZEV Investment Commitment. The 
branded campaign is built on communication pillars captured directly from the voice of the EV driver. In 
Cycle 2, we have leveraged voice of the customer data by the way of PlugShare comments, social media 
sentiment (over 80,000 comments), focus groups (over met with 330 EV driver & Intenders), and third 
party research to shape our communication pillars. The communication pillars are tailored to drive 
station utilization. 
5.6.1 Branded Campaign: Strategy & Audience 
Electrify America’s branded marketing campaign will drive station utilization by easing range anxiety and 
instilling charger confidence in the network with messaging based on relevant Communication Pillars. 
Inspiring this “range confidence” in Electrify America’s charging infrastructure will increase public belief 
in the feasibility of EV ownership, thereby positively impacting EV adoption. 
The Cycle 3 branded marketing campaign will aim to increase station utilization among three core 
audiences: current Electrify America customers, EV owners who are not yet Electrify America customers, 
and EV intenders who are showing purchase intent for an EV in the next 1-2 years. Electrify America is 
focused not only on the EV drivers and fleet operators of today, but those of tomorrow as well. 

 
 
59 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
5.6.2 Branded Campaign: Communication Pillars 
In Cycle 2, we learned that there are key areas of customer interest that must be addressed to support 
the ZEV drivers of tomorrow and existing customer retention/loyalty (see Section 5.2.7). These will serve 
as the basis for our communication pillars during Cycle 3. 
These pillars will be featured in Electrify America advertising and media to educate consumers and drive 
incremental EV adoption and usage. 
Speed
•Ultra-fast 350kW chargers capable of providing the fastest possible charging speed for your vehicle
Locations/Accessibility
•A nationwide network with two coast-to-coast routes
•Stations at popular and diverse locations
•Stations along strategic high-traffic routes
Quality Customer Experience
•Highest quality ratings of all public DCFC network on PlugShare
•Compatibility with all nonproprietary charging types
•Digital connectivity with convenient app features
•Flexible payments, now with Plug & Charge technology
•Manufacturer agreements/OEM partnership plans
CSR
•Mission of electrified transportation
•Environmental sustainability efforts, including renewable energy and carbon offset projects
•Community impact initiatives
Figure 19: Cycle 3 Communication Pillars and Proof Points 

 
 
60 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
6. Closing 
After nearly five years of investing in non-proprietary charging infrastructure and brand neutral 
marketing, there are clear indications Electrify America’s efforts are helping to increase ZEV adoption. 
OEMs are bringing new models to market with longer ranges, higher charging powers, and larger body 
styles. Coupled with Electrify America’s robust highway network and ultra-fast charging, these vehicles 
finally are unlocking the promise of EVs as a household’s primary vehicle. 
In addition to driving ZEV adoption, Electrify America has secured major achievements in its first two 
investment cycles. We have built the largest and most powerful open DCFC network in the U.S. by 
acquiring, building, and commissioning sites at an unprecedented construction pace. In spite of this 
rapid growth, our network leads the industry in quality as well, as judged by PlugShare scores and 
Charged EV. And we have implemented a site acquisition approach that puts the customer first, and 
ensures a great charging experience each and every visit. 
However, significant work still remains. Consumers demand more stations and faster charging to 
continue adopting ZEVs, and station economics and quality must also improve dramatically. On the 
education side, more work is needed to familiarize consumers with ZEVs, their benefits, and the many 
incentives available for adopters. Finally, corporate sustainability and responsibility will be critical to 
ensuring that efforts bring about the promises of environmental sustainability and equity for all as we 
transition to a zero emission future. 
Our sincere thanks must be extended to those outside of Electrify America, including the California Air 
Resources Board and Environmental Protection Agency. Their guidance has been instrumental in nearly 
five years of collective effort to determine the right approach to investing in ZEV infrastructure and to 
communicating education and awareness messaging. We are also grateful to all those who have 
engaged in the National Outreach process and California public hearings. Your valuable insights, 
alternative views, and confirmation of key strategies are critical to the success of this unprecedented 
effort. 
Our Electrify America team remains inspired by challenges and opportunities ahead to create a better 
pathway to ZEV adoption for the United States. We trust these efforts will not only be enjoyed by 
drivers for many generations to come but also become an example of successful private and public 
sector cooperation within the U.S., if not globally. 
 
 

 
 
61 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Sources Cited 
Sources used in the creation of this plan are listed below: 
Alternative Fuels Data Center (2020). Light Duty AFV, HEV, and Diesel Model Offerings by 
Technology/Fuel Type. U.S. Department of Energy. Accessed at: https://afdc.energy.gov/data/10303. 
Amaresan, S. (2020). What Are Your Customers' Expectations for Social Media Response Time?. 
Accessed at: https://blog.hubspot.com/service/social-media-response-time. 
Archer, S. (2020). Americans’ Views on Electric Vehicles [Study]. Accessed at: 
https://www.thesimpledollar.com/insurance/auto/electric-car-survey/. 
Asensio, O., et al. (2020). Real-Time Data from Mobile Platforms to Evaluate Sustainable Transportation 
Infrastructure. Georgia Tech. Accessed at: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41893-020-0533-6. 
Ast, E., O’Connor, P., Barnes, N. (2021). Satisfied Drivers, Optimistic Intenders: How the EV market can 
continue to thrive, fix pain points, and evolve for the next generation of drivers. Plug In America. 
Accessed at: https://pluginamerica.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/2021-PIA-Survey-Report.pdf. 
Alliance for Automotive Innovation (2019). The Future of Sustainable Mobility. Accessed February 2021. 
BloombergNEF (2020). Battery Pack Prices Cited Below $100/kWh for the First Time in 2020, While 
Market Average Sits at $137/kWh. Accessed at: https://about.bnef.com/blog/battery-pack-prices-cited-
below-100-kwh-for-the-first-time-in-2020-while-market-average-sits-at-137-kwh/. 
BloombergNEF (2020). Electric Vehicle Outlook 2020. Accessed at: https://about.bnef.com/electric-
vehicle-outlook/. 
Bomey, Nathan (2020). Ford's F-series remains America's best-selling vehicle, but in 19 states these 
models were more popular. USA Today. Accessed at: 
https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2020/01/10/honda-civic-tesla-model-3-ford-f-150-most-
popular/2833753001/. 
Buholtz, T., et al. (2020). Electrifying Freight: Pathways to Accelerating the Transition. Electrification 
Coalition. Accessed at: https://www.electrificationcoalition.org/wp-
content/uploads/2020/11/Electrifying-Freight-Pathways-to-Accelerating-the-Transition.pdf. 
California Air Resources Board (2019). Cleaner fuels have now replaced more than 3 billion gallons of 
diesel fuel under the Low Carbon Fuel Standard. Accessed at: https://ww2.arb.ca.gov/news/cleaner-
fuels-have-now-replaced-more-3-billion-gallons-diesel-fuel-under-low-carbon-fuel. 
California Energy Commission (2021). Assembly Bill 2127 Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure 
Assessment: Analyzing Charging Needs to Support Zero-Emission Vehicles in 2030. Accessed at: 
https://efiling.energy.ca.gov/getdocument.aspx?tn=236237. 
Center for Sustainable Energy (2016). Experience Electric: #TheBetterRide. Accessed at: 
https://mtc.ca.gov/sites/default/files/MTC_EXEL_Final_Report.pdf. 
Deloitte (2021). Economic Impact of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. 

 
 
62 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Di Caro, M. (2017). With No Place To Charge, D.C.’s Electric Cab Drivers Ask For Help. WAMU. Accessed 
at: https://wamu.org/story/17/08/14/no-place-charge-d-c-s-electric-cab-drivers-ask-help/. 
Fitzgerald, Garrett and Nelder, Chris (2019). DCFC Rate Design Study. Rocky Mountain Institute. 
Accessed at: https://rmi.org/insight/dcfc-rate-design-study/. 
Goodwin, Antuan (2020). Cheerio, CHAdeMO: Nissan adopts CCS fast-charging with new Ariya electric 
SUV. CNET. Accessed at: https://www.cnet.com/roadshow/news/nissan-ariya-electric-suv-adopts-ccs-
fast-charging/. 
Google/C-Space Survey and Interviews; Interviews conducted June 17-24, 2020 in US and DE; Surveys 
conducted July 7-23, 2020 in US, CA,MX, BR, UK, DE, FR, IT, JP, IN, AU, n=2,495 
Guidehouse Insights (2020). Market Data: EV Geographic Forecast – North America. Accessed February 
2021. 
Hardman, Scott; Jang, Nora; and Dahlia, Garas (2019). Consumer Awareness of Plug-in Electric Vehicles: 
A Study of Sacramento. UC Davis. Accessed at: 
https://escholarship.org/content/qt7sw5b5vk/qt7sw5b5vk.pdf?t=pxs2y1. 
Hunt, J., McKearnan, S. (2020). Accelerating Ride-Hailing Electrification: Challenges, Benefits, And 
Options For State Action. NESCAUM. Accessed at: https://www.nescaum.org/documents/ride-hailing-
electrification_white-paper_120220.pdf/. 
IHS Markit (2021). Vehicle Registration Data. Accessed February 2021. 
J.D. Power (2020). Q1 Mobility Confidence Index Study. Accessed at: 
https://www.jdpower.com/business/press-releases/2020-q1-mobility-confidence-index-study-fueled-
surveymonkey-audience. 
Jenn, A. (2019). Emissions Benefits of Electric Vehicles in Uber and Lyft Services. UC Davis. Accessed at: 
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41560-020-0632-7. 
Loveday, S. (2021). Porsche Taycan Beats Electric Cross-Country Cannonball Record. InsideEVs.com. 
Accessed at: https://insideevs.com/news/464763/porsche-taycan-beats-electric-cross-country-
cannonball-record/. 
Lyft (2021). Lyft 2021 Economic Impact Report. Accessed at: 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jzJt3QI8yvw9dDms3eyk4LH2ejuiHhVM/view. 
Lyft (2021B). Lyft 2021 Economic Impact Report Rider Survey. Provided to Electrify America by Lyft 
MacInnis, B., Krosnick, J. (2020). Climate Insights 2020 - Surveying American Public Opinion on Climate 
Change and the Environment. Resources for the Future. Accessed at: 
https://media.rff.org/documents/Climate_Insights_2020_Electric_Vehicles.pdf. 
Mangles, Carolanne (2017). Why social median customer care is important is retaining loyal customers 
and positive brand awareness. Accessed at: https://www.smartinsights.com/customer-relationship-
management/customer-service-and-support/rise-social-media-customer-care/. 

 
 
63 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
McFarland, Dane; Prorok, Matt; Jordan, Brendan; and Kemabonta, Tam (2019). Analytical White Paper: 
Overcoming Barriers to Expanding Fast Charging Infrastructure in the Midcontinent Region. Great Plains 
Institute. Accessed at: https://scripts.betterenergy.org/reports/GPI_DCFC_Analysis_July_2019.pdf. 
McKinsey & Company (2020). The future of mobility is at our doorstep. Accessed at: 
https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/McKinsey/Industries/Automotive%20and%20Assembly/Our%20In
sights/The%20future%20of%20mobility%20is%20at%20our%20doorstep/The-future-of-mobility-is-at-
our-doorstep.pdf. 
McLane, R., et al. (2021). Racing to Accelerate EV Adoption: Decarbonizing Transportation with 
Ridehailing (Rocky Mountain Institute). Accessed at: https://rmi.org/insight/accelerating-the-electric-
vehicle-transition. 
Mishel, L. (2018). Uber and the labor market: Uber drivers’ compensation, wages, and the scale of Uber 
and the gig economy. Economic Policy Institute. Accessed at: https://www.epi.org/publication/uber-
and-the-labor-market-uber-drivers-compensation-wages-and-the-scale-of-uber-and-the-gig-economy/. 
Moloughney, T. (2020) CCS1 To Tesla Adapter Finally Available For North American Market. Accessed at: 
https://insideevs.com/news/463721/tesla-ccs-fast-charge-adapter-setec/ 
Morning Consult (2019). For Widespread Adoption of Electric Vehicles, Many Roadblocks Ahead. 
Accessed at: https://morningconsult.com/2019/05/22/for-widespread-adoption-of-electric-vehicles-
many-roadblocks-ahead/ 
National Association of State Energy Officials (2021). NASEO and Cadmus Release Plug-In Electric Vehicle 
Policy Impact Rubric. Accessed at: https://naseo.org/news-article?NewsID=3583. 
National Renewable Energy Laboratory (2017). Identifying Potential Markets for Behind-the-Meter 
Battery Energy Storage: A Survey of U.S. Demand Charges. Accessed at: 
https://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy17osti/68963.pdf. 
Nelder, Chris and Rogers, Emily (2019). Reducing EV Charging Infrastructure Costs. Rocky Mountain 
Institute. Accessed at: https://rmi.org/insight/reducing-ev-charging-infrastructure-costs/. 
Nicholas, M., Hall, D., Lutsey, Nic (2020). Charging infrastructure requirements to support electric ride-
hailing in U.S. cities. ICCT. Accessed at: 
https://theicct.org/sites/default/files/publications/Charging_infrastructure_ride_hailing_US_03242020.
pdf. 
Nicholas, M., Hall, D., Lutsey, Nic (2019). Quantifying the Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure Gap 
Across U.S. Markets. ICCT. Accessed at: 
https://theicct.org/sites/default/files/publications/US_charging_Gap_20190124.pdf. 
Nicholas, M., Lutsey, Nic (2019). Update on electric vehicle costs in the United States through 2030. 
ICCT. Accessed at: 
https://theicct.org/sites/default/files/publications/EV_cost_2020_2030_20190401.pdf. 
Perez, Sarah (2020). Pandemic accelerated cord cutting, making 2020 the worst-ever year for pay TV. 
Accessed at: https://techcrunch.com/2020/09/21/pandemic-accelerated-cord-cutting-making-2020-the-
worst-ever-year-for-pay-tv/?guccounter=1. 

 
 
64 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Plug In America (2021). New Electric Vehicles Coming in 2021. Accessed at: 
https://pluginamerica.org/new-electric-vehicle-models-coming-in-2021. 
Sanguinetti, A., Kurani, K. (2020). Characteristics and Experiences of Ride-Hailing Drivers with Plug-in 
Electric Vehicles. UC Davis. Accessed February 2021. 
Sharpe, B., Buysse, C., Mathers, J., Poudelet, V. (2020). Race to Zero: How Manufacturers are Positioned 
for Zero Emission Commercial Trucks and Buses in North America. ICCT. Accessed at: 
https://theicct.org/publications/canada-race-to-zero-oct2020. 
Singer, Mark (2020). Plug-In Electric Vehicle Showcases: Consumer Experience and Acceptance (NREL). 
Accessed at: https://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy20osti/75707.pdf. 
U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics (2021). COVID-19 Takes a Big Bite out of 2020 Passenger 
Transportation. Accessed at: https://www.bts.gov/data-spotlight/covid-19-takes-big-bite-out-2020-
passenger-transportation. 
U.S. Department of Energy (2021). Fact of the Week 1167. Accessed at: 
https://www.energy.gov/eere/vehicles/articles/fotw-1167-january-4-2021-median-driving-range-all-
electric-vehicles-tops-250. 
U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy (2021). Reducing Pollution 
with Electric Vehicles. Accessed at: https://www.energy.gov/eere/electricvehicles/reducing-pollution-
electric-vehicles. 
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (2019). Fast Facts: U.S. Transportation Sector GHG Emissions, 
1990-2018. Accessed at: https://nepis.epa.gov/Exe/ZyPDF.cgi?Dockey=P100ZK4P.pdf. 
U.S. Department of Transportation, Federal Highway Administration (2020). Status of the Nation's 
Highways, Bridges, and Transit Conditions & Performance, 23rd Edition, Chapter 3, Exhibit 3-19. Accessed 
at: https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policy/23cpr/chap3.cfm#access-to-vehicles. 
Volvo Car USA/The Harris Poll (2019). The State of Electric Vehicles in America. Accessed at: 
https://www.media.volvocars.com/us/en-us/media/documentfile/249123/volvo-reports-the-state-of-
electric-vehicles-in-america. 
 
 

 
 
65 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
Appendix 
I. Certification of Activities 
Electrify America certifies that none of the activities described in the ZEV investment plan 
described above was/is: 
- approved by the Board of Management prior to September 18, 2015 
- required by a contract entered prior to the date of lodging of the Partial Consent 
Decree 
- a part of a joint effort with other automobile manufacturers to create ZEV 
infrastructure 
- required to be performed by any federal, state, or local law, or anticipate will be 
required to perform during the planned 30-month period 
 

 
 
66 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
II. ZEV Glossary 
AC Charging 
The majority of PEV charging is done with alternating current (AC) Level 1 (120 volts or normal 
household current) or Level 2 (240 volts or an electric dryer power equivalent). AC charging is typically a 
more cost effective solution, with lower equipment and installation costs. As it takes advantage of 
longer dwell times to provide lower power to a ZEV, AC charging is an excellent solution for residential, 
workplace, multiunit dwelling, and other longer-term parking situations like hotels and municipal or 
airport parking garages. 
DC Fast Charging (DCFC) 
Direct current (DC) charging for electric vehicles allows for higher charging speeds, as DC current can be 
supplied directly to the electric vehicle’s battery at power levels normally higher than AC charging. The 
higher the DC power supplied, the faster the EV can be charged, provided the vehicle is designed to 
handle such power. To illustrate the charging power difference between Level 2 AC and DC fast 
charging, a Level 2 7.2kW AC charger will deliver about 27 miles of ZEV range per hour of charging, 
whereas a 150kW or 350kW DC fast charger can deliver 90 or 200 miles of electric range per 10 minutes 
respectively. 
OCPP and OCPI 
Open Charge Point Protocol (OCPP) and Open Charge Point Interface (OCPI) are communications 
standards that have been developed by numerous public and private ZEV infrastructure leaders. OCPP 
enables standardized communication between charging hardware and the charging station networks 
that support them, while OCPI enables communication between different charging station networks. 
OCPP makes it possible to change the network supporting an individual charging station at some future 
time if desired. OCPI, on the other hand, is the communications standard that enables commercial 
entities such as charging networks or automotive OEMs to transfer charging station data between each 
other, such as charger availability or customer information, to enable roaming. 
Plug & Charge 
Plug & Charge is part of the latest revision of the CCS standard, featuring the IEC/ISO 15118 standard 
which prescribes the means by which a charger and network can identify and authenticate a specific 
vehicle. This allows for a charging session to begin automatically by simply “plugging in,” without the 
need for supplemental membership cards or fobs. 
Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) 
Under Appendix C, the following three vehicle types are considered Zero Emission Vehicles: 
1. An on-road passenger car or light duty vehicle, light duty truck, medium duty vehicle, or heavy 
duty vehicle that produces zero exhaust emissions of all of the following pollutants: non-
methane organic gases, carbon monoxide, particulate matter, carbon dioxide, methane, 
formaldehyde, oxides of nitrogen, or nitrous oxide, including, but not limited to, battery electric 
vehicles (“BEV”) and fuel cell vehicles (“FEV”); 
2. An on-road plug-in hybrid electric vehicle (“PHEV”) with zero emission range greater than 35 
miles as measured on the federal Urban Dynamometer Driving Schedule (“UDDS”) in the case of 

 
 
67 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
passenger cars, light duty vehicles and light duty trucks, and 10 miles as measured on the 
federal UDDS in the case of medium- and heavy-duty vehicles; or 
3. An on-road heavy-duty vehicle with an electric powered takeoff. ZEVs do not include: zero 
emission off-road equipment and vehicles; zero emission light rail; additions to transit bus fleets 
utilizing existing catenary electric power; or any vehicle not capable of being licensed for use on 
public roads. 
 

 
 
68 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 3 
III. Request for Exception to Education and Awareness Requirement 
According to Section 2.5.6 of Appendix C, “Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by EPA, Settling 
Defendants shall spend no less than $25 million and no more than $50 million on such activities during 
each 30-month investment cycle….” For this Cycle 3 National ZEV Investment Plan, Electrify America 
formally requests an exception to this clause that would allow $24.5 million to be spent on Education 
and Awareness activities and $0.5 million to be spent on ride and drive events. 
Under Section 2.5.5 of Appendix C, ‘Ride and Drive’ events are classified as Access investments. 
However, these events are highly educational in nature and are shown to have a high impact on ZEV 
awareness. As a result, Electrify America requests this amendment to allow for the funding of National 
ride and drive events. 
In the event that Electrify America is unable to fund, or chooses not to fund, ride and drives at the 
specified budget amount, Electrify America will redirect the respective funds to brand neutral education 
and awareness activities, such that the $25M minimum spend is honored.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/assets/pdf/Cycle 2 National ZEV Investment Plan - Public Version vF.50bb1fe0.pdf

1 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
National ZEV Investment Plan: 
Cycle 2 
Public Version – February 4, 2019 

2 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 
Table of Contents 
List of Acronyms ........................................................................................................................................... 3 
Executive Summary ...................................................................................................................................... 4 
1. Introduction ........................................................................................................................................ 11 
2. Outreach Efforts and Key Learnings .................................................................................................. 14 
3. Infrastructure Investments ................................................................................................................ 27 
4. Public Education, Awareness, and Marketing Activities ................................................................... 54 
5. Community Impacts ........................................................................................................................... 65 
6. Closing ................................................................................................................................................. 67 
Sources Cited .............................................................................................................................................. 68 
Appendix ..................................................................................................................................................... 73 
1. Certification of Activities .................................................................................................................... 73 
2. Memberships and Sponsorships ........................................................................................................ 74 
3. Request for Exception to Education and Awareness Requirement.................................................. 75 
4. ZEV Glossary ....................................................................................................................................... 76 
 
 
 

3 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
List of Acronyms 
Please note – further definition of select terms found in the Glossary in Appendix 4. 
 
BEV Battery Electric Vehicle 
CCS Combined Charging System 
CRM Customer Relations Management 
DCFC Direct Current Fast Charger 
DVMT Daily Vehicle Miles Traveled 
EV Electric Vehicle 
EVSE Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment 
FCEV Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle 
ICE Internal Combustion Engine 
kW Kilowatt 
kWh Kilowatt-hour 
L2 Level 2 Charging Station 
MSA Metropolitan Statistical Area 
MUD Multiunit Dwelling 
MWh Megawatt-hour 
OCPI Open Charge Point Interface 
OCPP Open Charge Point Protocol 
OEM Original Equipment Manufacturer 
OICP Open InterCharge Protocol 
OOH Out of Home 
PEV Plug-in Electric Vehicle (BEV or PHEV) 
PHEV Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicle 
RFI Request for Information 
RFP Request for Proposal 
TNC Transportation Network Company 
VMT Vehicle Miles Traveled 
ZEV Zero Emission Vehicle 
 

4 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Executive Summary 
Electrify America is pleased to present this National Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) Investment Plan 
for its second cycle of ZEV infrastructure, education and awareness, and access investments. As 
required by Appendix C to the 2.0-Liter Partial Consent Decree entered by the U.S. District Court for the 
Northern District of California on October 25, 2016, Volkswagen Group of America is investing $2 billion 
over 10 years to support the increased adoption of ZEV technology in the United States. Of this $2 
billion investment, $1.2 billion will be spent outside of California. This investment represents the largest 
commitment of its kind to date. Following conference with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), 
this plan defines the National1 investments to be made or targeted in Cycle 2, from July 2019 through 
December 2021. 
This ZEV Investment Plan is the culmination of more than a year’s worth of research, analysis, 
and outreach efforts led by a new, dedicated infrastructure planning team. Electrify America has sought 
to engage stakeholders throughout the ZEV community in defining this plan, through in-person 
meetings, hundreds of phone calls, community conversations, webinars, and a web-based 
comment/submission forum. Each touchpoint yielded new ideas and recommendations for the 
investment, many of which complemented our own internal thinking. Electrify America has thoroughly 
analyzed each opportunity for its impact on ZEV adoption, and its value as an investment to help 
Electrify America build toward a sustainable business. The response to our outreach has been inspiring. 
It demonstrates the real commitment the ZEV community has to our shared mission and this 
transformational opportunity to drive long-term ZEV adoption. We are deeply grateful to all those who 
have been a part of this effort. 
Electrify America’s Cycle 2 investments center on two core areas: ZEV Fueling Infrastructure and 
ZEV Education, Awareness, and Marketing. 
 
1 The National ZEV Investment Plan covers investment in the United States, excluding California, pursuant to 
Section 1.6 of Appendix C of the Partial Consent Decree. Unless noted otherwise, National or Nationally refer to 
the United States, excluding California pursuant to the aforementioned reference. 

5 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Figure 1: Overview of Cycle 2 Investments 
 
Fueling Infrastructure (~$235 million) 
In Cycle 2, Electrify America will invest approximately $235 million (Figure 1) in fueling 
infrastructure for EVs across a broad set of use cases already established in Cycle 1 or newly developed 
for Cycle 2. Infrastructure cost ranges are Electrify America’s best estimates of projected costs, given 
uncertainties related to hardware, construction, and operations costs at this early stage. 
• Metro Community Charging ($145 - $165 million): The major focus of infrastructure investment 
in Cycle 2 is charging within metro areas, where research shows that EV drivers charge most 
often. Electrify America will invest in metro-based direct current fast charging (DCFC) stations in 
18 metro areas. These metro areas are expected to account for more than 50% of expected 
battery electric vehicles (BEVs) in operation outside California through 2022 (Navigant, 2017). 
Metro DCFC stations will be placed in retail locations throughout a metro region and are 
intended to serve EV drivers in their daily fueling needs. Select DCFC stations will also be 
targeted at customers living in multiunit dwellings (MUDs), expanding access to drivers who 
reside in such communities. Finally, Electrify America will invest in DCFC stations specifically 
designed to serve shared mobility drivers (car share, taxis, and transportation network company 
(TNC) drivers) to ensure that these high mileage drivers and passengers are able to enjoy the 
benefits of ZEV adoption conveniently and cost effectively. Creditable operating expenses 
associated with metro charging are forecasted to be approximately $18 million of the total 
spend in this category. 
 


6 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
• Highways and Regional Routes ($65 – $85 million): Cycle 2 investments will build upon Cycle 1 
efforts to develop a highway network of ultra-fast DCFC stations. This will include building new 
sites connecting regional destinations and filling in existing routes as station utilization of the 
highway network increases. Creditable operating expenses associated with highway charging 
are forecasted to be approximately $26 million of the total spend in this category. 
 
• Autonomous Vehicle Charging ($2 - $4 million): Innovative and disruptive mobility alternatives, 
specifically driverless/autonomous vehicles, have the potential to bring many benefits to society 
including significant reductions in traffic congestion and vehicle emissions (Fagnant & 
Kockelman, 2015; Anderson et al., 2016). However, autonomous zero emission vehicles require 
unique fueling solutions. To meet the emerging need presented by autonomous ZEVs, Electrify 
America plans to build one to two commercial autonomous electric vehicle fueling stations. 
 
• Renewable Generation: To provide clean and financially sustainable power to stations in Cycle 
2, Electrify America will explore investing in renewable generation where cost effective. These 
costs are related to station infrastructure and as such are included in the aforementioned cost 
estimates. In aggregate, investments in renewable generation are not expected to exceed $5 
million. 
Electrify America notes that the estimated budgets represent a good faith estimate of Cycle 2 
costs. Given uncertainties regarding both capital and operating costs at this early stage, it is possible 
that total costs may exceed or fall below targeted levels. In the event that costs fall below targets, 
Electrify America will deploy additional investments in other Cycle 2 ZEV Investment Plan use cases to 
meet the Appendix C ZEV Investment Commitment. If costs exceed budget forecasts, the number of 
infrastructure investments will be reduced by a commensurate amount. In addition, given the early 
stage of partner discussions, availability of site locations, and/or the technology itself (e.g. autonomous), 
each new use case involves a level of uncertainty in both cost and operational feasibility. Should 
investment targets in any new use case be unachievable due to practical considerations, the allocated 
funds will be redeployed into one or more of the other Cycle 2 ZEV Investment Plan use cases to ensure 
the total investment fulfills Appendix C requirements. 
 
Table 1: Infrastructure Investment Overview 
Use Case Projected Technology Estimated Spend ($M)1 
Metro Community Charging 150 kW DCFC $145 - $165 
Highways and Regional Routes 150 kW / 350 kW DCFC $65 - $85 
Autonomous TBD $2 - $4 
TOTAL ~$235 
1 Costs include creditable operating expenses, on site storage, and up to $5 million in renewable generation 
where appropriate. 
 
Electrify America believes the investments described in Table 1 address the use cases and 
locations where ZEV drivers need infrastructure most, while also contributing to a sustainable long-term 
business for Electrify America and further improvement to air quality in the United States. The 
investments are projected to roll out along the following timeline in Table 2. 

7 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Table 2: Cycle 2 National Preliminary Infrastructure Deployment Schedule – All Sites 
Cycle 2 Infrastructure Investments 
Quarter Pre-site selection In development Operational 
Q4 2019 150 - 160 20 - 30 40 – 50 
Q2 2020 90 - 100 40 - 50 80 - 100 
Q4 2020 40 - 50 50 - 60 120 – 140 
Q2 2021 0 - 0 50 - 60 160 - 180 
Q4 2021 0 - 0 0 - 0 ~215 
 
Public Education, Awareness and Marketing Activities 
Electrify America will engage in two distinctive and differentiated campaigns, targeting two 
distinct goals: (1) a brand-neutral campaign to drive ZEV adoption; and (2) a branded media campaign 
intended to drive station utilization. 
 
Boosting ZEV Adoption through Education and Awareness ($25 million) 
Electrify America will invest $25 million in brand-neutral education, awareness, and outreach 
activities to boost adoption of ZEVs from across the marketplace. 
Recent academic research shows that mass-market ZEV adoption has been significantly limited 
by low awareness. For example, Strategic Vision’s 2016 New Vehicle Experience Study found that just 
48% of new car buyers in California and 41% of national buyers have ever heard of a ZEV. A UC Davis 
GreenLight blogpost by Ken Kurani and Scott Hardman entitled, “Automakers and Policymakers May Be 
on a Path to Electric Vehicles; Consumers Aren’t,” echoes this finding, showing that consideration of 
plug-in electric vehicles changed little from 2014 to 2017. During the initial phases of Cycle 2, efforts will 
primarily focus on increasing awareness and consideration of ZEVs by informing the public of ZEV 
benefits. This will likely take the form of traditional media advertising, similar to Electrify America’s 
Cycle 1 Jetstones TV/radio campaign, but it will also include other proven awareness building activities, 
such as partnerships and digital activities. After ZEV awareness has been sufficiently boosted by 
Electrify America’s campaign, awareness initiatives from other organizations (e.g., the Northeast States 
for Coordinated Air Use Management (NESCAUM)), and the introduction of new ZEV models, Electrify 
America will shift focus to encouraging customers to research ZEVs and test drive the vehicles. 
Accordingly, our marketing and media tactics will shift to more targeted digital media interactions such 
as paid search and web banners, as these tactics traditionally perform well given minimum levels of 
consumer awareness. 
Given the still prevailing lack of ZEV awareness in the United States, the largest portion of the 
Cycle 2 budget will go toward traditional media, with TV, radio and out of home (e.g., billboards) 
accounting for approximately $11 million of spending. Digital advertising will account for another 
approximately $9 million of the budget. To complement these efforts, Electrify America is also planning 
to spend approximately $4 to $5 million on a range of alternative tactics to provide audiences additional 
touch points with ZEVs. These tactics may include collaborating with key social media influencers to 
promote positive aspects of ZEVs; supporting ZEV experience centers with educational materials; and 

8 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
offering STEM educational programs about ZEVs and charging infrastructure for K-12, vocational schools, 
professional development, and community colleges. Electrify America will continue to collaborate with 
organizations that are consumer-oriented and create content/events/test drives to promote ZEV 
adoption. 
To supplement these education and awareness activities, Electrify America will sponsor Learn 
and Drive events2 to give consumers an opportunity to experience the thrill of driving a ZEV. 
 
Boosting Station Utilization through Marketing (~$10 million)3 
Electrify America will also invest in driving utilization of its charging network through branded 
events, promotions, and marketing. As outlined in Appendix C of the Partial Consent Decree, Electrify 
America must target sufficient utilization to demonstrate its investments are “addressing an existing 
need or supporting a reasonably anticipated need.” National Renewable Energy Laboratory’s 2017 
‘Consumer Views on Plug-in Electric Vehicles – National Benchmark Report’ highlights the challenge, 
finding that a large majority (~80%) of survey respondents were not aware of any charging stations, 
including at places they passed regularly, worked at, or frequented. To meet this utilization goal, 
Electrify America plans to spend approximately $10 million to generate awareness of its ZEV charging 
infrastructure footprint and drive station utilization. These activities will use Electrify America branding 
as necessary, but will not feature or favor Volkswagen Group of America vehicles. 
Electrify America’s marketing efforts will highlight four primary benefits for EV drivers: 
• Locations: Convenient charging locations in major metropolitan areas and on national and 
regional highways; 
• Speed: High-powered charging speeds, offering consumers a convenient charging experience 
(up to 350 kW, providing 200 miles of range in as little as 10 minutes); 
• Affordability: Fairly priced and competitive fueling across the network, including subscription 
plans and charging bundles provided by automotive manufacturers; and 
• Customer-centricity: Infrastructure designed considering the consumer experience first, 
including locations near retail amenities and credit card access at all DCFC stations. 
The largest portion (approximately $5 million) of this branded campaign budget will be 
dedicated to digital advertising. These efforts will be targeted toward those specific groups most likely 
to be able to utilize the Electrify America charging network, including new and used EV buyers, EV driver 
club members, and prospective EV buyers/researchers. Electrify America will use digital tools to reach 
 
2 Under Section 2.5.5 of Appendix C, ‘Ride and Drive’ events are classified as Access investments. Due to the 
educational nature of these events, Learn and Drive events are described in this ZEV Investment P lan as 
supplementing the Education and Awareness activities. However, they will be recorded and tracked as Access 
investments. 
3 This investment, while a marketing activity, is not classified as ‘brand-neutral education and awareness’ defined 
in Section 1.10.2 of Appendix C of the Partial Consent Decree. 

9 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
these prospects and deliver the right message (e.g., promotion of closest EV charging location) at the 
right time (e.g., when someone is searching for an EV charger). 
The remaining ~$5 million will be used for complementary messaging tactics. These 
investments may include working with established media outlets to sponsor editorial content about 
DCFC charging infrastructure; leveraging customer relations management tools to keep current and 
potential customers informed of new Electrify America charger installations; funding memberships or 
sponsorships likely to increase awareness and use of Electrify America’s stations; supporting key 
industry events; and supporting signage along roadways to identify Electrify America charging sites. 
 
Conclusion 
Electrify America’s Cycle 2 planned investments are summarized below (see Table 3). The Cycle 
2 budget focuses even more investment on DC fast charging in metro areas, where data demonstrates 
that the need for investment is extraordinary. The budget also continues to grow the network of 
highway stations started in Cycle 1. These investments will continue to establish the foundational 
infrastructure essential to ZEV adoption in the United States. 
Table 3: Cycle 2 Budget Breakdown 
Category Estimated Budget ($M)1 
Infrastructure ~$235 
Metro Community Charging $145 - $165 
Highways and Regional Routes $65 - $85 
Autonomous $2 - $4 
Brand-Neutral Efforts to Boost ZEV Adoption $25 
Electrify America Efforts to Drive Station Utilization ~$10 
Electrify America Business Operation & Organization2 $30 
TOTAL $300 
1 Costs include creditable operating expenses, on site storage, and up to $5 million in renewable 
generation where appropriate. 
2 According section 5.1 of Appendix C-1 of the Partial Consent Decree, Electrify America is permitted to 
spend 10% of the total budget on these costs. 
 
At the end of Cycle 2, Electrify America will have invested its first $600 million in infrastructure, 
education, awareness, and access initiatives across the country – achieving a key ‘half way point’ 
milestone in its 10 year commitment to accelerate ZEV adoption for all drivers. We hope that our 
investments, as well as outreach and collaboration, serve as a ‘rising tide that lifts all boats’ for ZEV 
stakeholders in the public and private sectors, creating benefits for drivers, car companies, utilities, 
charging infrastructure suppliers, and the construction trades. 
We take our planning, development, and deployment work seriously and recognize that the 
greater supplies and types of zero emission vehicles coming to market from a variety of car companies 
(established more than 100 years ago or new to market) can only be fully leveraged with commensurate 
infrastructure and initiatives related to awareness, education, and access. The entire staff at Electrify 

10 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
America understands that we have an important, unique, and transformational opportunity to bring the 
United States into the age of electric cars. 
The future can be brighter for drivers, air quality, fossil fuel independence, and reduced 
congestion thanks to zero emission transportation. Electrify America is honored to be a part of this 
important mission, and we are committed to restoring the public’s trust. 
 

11 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
1. Introduction 
1.1. Background 
As agreed to in Appendix C of the 2.0-Liter Partial Consent Decree entered by the U.S. District 
Court for the Northern District of California on October 25, 2016, Volkswagen Group of America is 
investing $2 billion over 10 years in zero emission vehicle infrastructure, education and awareness, and 
access efforts to support the increased adoption of ZEV technology in the United States. 
Volkswagen Group of America created Electrify America LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary 
headquartered in Reston, Virginia, to fulfill the ZEV Investment Commitment in Appendix C. The 
company has grown to approximately 70 full-time employees with a diversity of backgrounds in 
automotive, utilities, EV infrastructure, technology, construction, and state and federal government. All 
employees share a passion for helping transform and electrify the transportation sector through 
investments to grow the market for all zero emission drivers and stakeholders. 
Of the overall $2 billion commitment, $1.2 billion will be spent Nationally in $300 million 
increments over four 30-month cycles. This report describes the $300 million of investment that will be 
made in the second 30-month cycle Nationally. The Cycle 2 period is from Q3 2019 through Q4 2021 
(see Table 4). 
Table 4: Investment Cycles 
 Cycle 1 (Q1 2017 
– Q2 2019) 
Cycle 2 (Q3 2019 
– Q4 2021) 
Cycle 3 (Q1 2022 
– Q2 2024) 
Cycle 4 (Q3 2024 
– Q4 2026) 
Full 10 years 
National 
Plan $300M $300M $300M $300M $1.2B 
 
The Partial Consent Decree defines those investments that qualify toward Electrify America’s 
ZEV Investment Commitment. Investments must include “an explanation, taking into account relevant 
literature from academia, industry, and government, if available, that each National ZEV Investment, to 
the extent applicable: increases the use of ZEVs in the United States; addresses a clearly existing need or 
supports a reasonably anticipated need; has a high likelihood of utilization and provides 
accessibility/availability where most needed and most likely to be regularly used; supports and/or 
advances the market penetration of ZEVs in the United States; helps build positive awareness of ZEVs; is 
intended for, and compatible with, ZEV technology brands that are not limited to the Settling 
Defendants and/or their subsidiaries; and uses non-proprietary or multiple connectors or charging 
protocols that anticipate technological changes.” Infrastructure investments outlined in this plan must 
meet Appendix C’s threshold for qualification, including expectations that infrastructure addresses an 
existing or reasonably anticipated need. 
This document, which is certified by Electrify America leadership consistent with Partial Consent 
Decree requirements in Appendix 1, outlines Electrify America’s plan for the second cycle of investment. 
Electrify America’s mission continues to be: 
• Making it easier for millions of drivers to fuel their ZEVs through economically sustainable 
investments, and 
• Promoting sustained ZEV adoption and station utilization through education, awareness, 
outreach, and access programs 

12 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
1.2. Investment Plan Overview 
This Cycle 2 National ZEV Investment Plan is a comprehensive presentation of Electrify America’s 
Cycle 2 investments, along with supporting documentation as to why each investment meets the Partial 
Consent Decree’s requirements for investment. Chapter 1 contains background information and 
Electrify America’s approach to its Cycle 2 National ZEV Investment Plan. Chapter 2 details Electrify 
America’s outreach efforts to stakeholders throughout the ZEV industry, including specific efforts 
through the National Outreach website, consistent with the National Outreach Plan. It also includes the 
key learnings Electrify America has taken from these efforts that have shaped the Cycle 2 National ZEV 
Investment Plan. Chapter 3 lays out Electrify America’s infrastructure investment plan, including the use 
cases selected, investment methodology, and use case specific details. Chapter 4 addresses investments 
in education, awareness, and marketing efforts to increase ZEV adoption and boost station utilization. 
Finally, Chapter 5 highlights Electrify America’s impact on our local communities. 
Electrify America’s Cycle 2 investment represents a continuation of the largest single investment 
in non-proprietary ZEV fueling and education in U.S. history. The second cycle will dramatically expand 
ZEV fueling options across the country and support education, awareness, and ultimately, adoption by 
millions of drivers for years to come. Overall, it presents a substantial step toward transportation 
electrification, and the associated benefits of clean air and fossil fuel independence. 

13 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
1.3. Cycle 2 Approach 
Electrify America believes each new 
investment cycle offers the opportunity to 
evaluate new information, revisit past 
assumptions, and consider new ideas and 
feedback in the planning process. As such, 
three core principles guided the approach to 
Cycle 2 planning: (1) Start from the 
fundamentals; (2) Engage external 
stakeholders; and (3) Emphasize real world 
inputs (Figure 2). 
Electrify America began its Cycle 2 planning efforts more than a year ago by initiating a re-
examination of the fundamentals of ZEV adoption and the ZEV fueling business. This analysis included 
updated vehicle sales forecasts for battery electric vehicles (BEVs), plug-in hybrid vehicles (PHEVs), and 
fuel cell electric vehicles (FCEVs), and reviewing the fueling characteristics of ZEVs scheduled for release 
up through 2022. This involved an analysis of automotive original equipment manufacturer (OEM) 
public announcements regarding vehicle types and range, charging connectors, and charging speeds (DC 
power levels). In addition, Electrify America examined fueling patterns of today’s ZEV fleet, with close 
consideration for the subset of vehicles that more closely reflect the next generation of vehicles coming 
to market, which are expected to have larger batteries, longer ranges, and faster charging speeds. In 
conducting this analysis, Electrify America frequently conferred with academic experts at our nation’s 
national laboratories, universities, and research institutions. 
In parallel, Electrify America actively engaged with public and private sector stakeholders 
throughout the ZEV ecosystem to understand how ZEV investments can have the highest impact on 
adoption and maximize infrastructure utilization. These hundreds of inputs included conversations with 
car manufacturers on the technical features of the next generation of vehicles, collaborations with 
academics on infrastructure siting best practices and recent trends in ZEV awareness, and discussions 
with advocacy groups and non-profits on how to drive ZEV adoption in local communities. In addition, 
Electrify America solicited input and feedback from federal agencies; state, local, and tribal 
governments; and across the industry through its National Outreach website. The guidance from more 
than 700 inputs submitted online, along with subsequent follow-up conversations by Electrify America 
staff with submitters, has meaningfully informed and confirmed Electrify America’s investment plan and 
specific strategies for Cycle 2. 
As a data driven company, Electrify America has focused on leveraging real-world data and 
evidence to inform decision-making and improve investment targeting. Information on utilization of 
existing fueling stations, vehicle sales, local travel patterns, demographics of EV purchasers, and utility 
rates and programs all guided the selection of Cycle 2 investments. For infrastructure investments, 
particular emphasis was placed on building a data-backed business case to ensure that all investments 
are sustainable beyond the end of the Partial Consent Decree. For marketing, education and awareness, 
and access investments, the focus was on identifying and prioritizing investments with the largest 
impact on ZEV awareness and adoption. Additional details on the insights and findings pertinent to 
these investments can be found in Chapter 2: Outreach Efforts and Key Learnings. 
 
Figure 2: Cycle 2 Approach 


14 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
2. Outreach Efforts and Key Learnings 
Electrify America strongly believes that success in driving ZEV adoption will come from 
collaboration with the entire landscape of ZEV stakeholders including automotive companies, 
infrastructure suppliers, utilities, state and local governments, academics, interest groups, and beyond. 
As such, over the last 12 months our team has spent hundreds of hours and traveled extensively to 
engage stakeholders in the ZEV community to seek insights on industry trends and customer behaviors, 
ideas for new business concepts, to understand evolving policies and utility programs, and to 
collaborate with others on investment opportunities as part of a comprehensive approach laid out in our 
National Outreach Process. These engagements have taken many forms, including briefings with leaders 
in our Cycle 1 metropolitan areas, community conversations with local constituencies, workshops, 
webinars, and consultations with academic experts (Figure 3). Electrify America is grateful to all those 
who have taken the time to engage with the company in this process. 
Figure 3: Stakeholder Engagement Efforts 
 
In addition to the aforementioned efforts, and consistent with Electrify America’s commitment 
to engage in outreach as part of its investment planning process, Electrify America issued a second call 
for comments, data, and recommendations to inform decisions regarding Cycle 2 investments in ZEV 
infrastructure, education and awareness, and access programs. The request for input through the 
National Outreach website launched in January 2018 provided an opportunity for governments, 
organizations, and others to provide input for Electrify America to update analytical models, evaluate 
new technology and public policy developments, track evolving consumer expectations, and explore the 
value of new allowable ZEV Investments. To aid in drafting the Cycle 2 ZEV Investment Plan, Electrify 
America specifically sought the following types of input: 
• Suggestions and Data Relevant to Cycle 2 Investments – Inputs from governments or 
organizations that are helpful to the decision-making process, including data to help locate 


15 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
charging stations, ZEV infrastructure plans for individual communities, and information 
regarding state and local policies designed to increase ZEV adoption; 
• Education and Access Suggestions – Suggestions on Electrify America’s approach to brand-
neutral education and access or specific events the company should consider for participation; 
• Specific Charging Site Locations – Site locations nominated for consideration in Cycle 2 
infrastructure investments; 
• Cycle 1 Comments and Feedback – Feedback on the Cycle 1 National and California ZEV 
Investment Plans, including approaches to metro selection, highways included, evaluation of use 
cases, and integration of new technology; and 
• Other – All other comments or submissions that relate directly to Electrify America’s ZEV 
Investment Commitment. 
As a part of this process, Electrify America received nearly 800 submissions, each of which has 
been carefully reviewed and considered in developing our Cycle 2 plan. The following pages detail our 
outreach efforts and key learnings and insights from this process. 
 

16 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
2.1. Summary of National Outreach Effort 
In January 2018, Electrify America launched a 
page on its website for comments, proposals, data, 
and recommendations to help define Cycle 2 
investments. As of October 14, 2018, 780 
submissions were received through the online 
portal.4 Government entities made up 39% of 
submissions (Figure 4). Submissions came in from 47 
states and the District of Columbia (see Figure 5), 
with the largest number of submissions from the 
states of California (192 submissions) and 
Washington (152 submissions and more than 970 
site suggestions). 
Electrify America’s team reviewed and summarized these submissions and assigned each to 
internal working teams for a secondary review and follow-up by email or phone call. Electrify America 
spoke individually with more than 100 submitters, and every submitter was invited to a series of 
webinars during which findings and lessons learned were shared. 
Figure 5: Submissions by State 
 
 
4 Electrify America encouraged stakeholders to submit suggestions for the Cycle 2 ZEV Investment Plans between 
January 15 and March 1, 2018. However, Electrify America has kept the submissions page open and has continued 
to review the submissions up to the week before this Plan is submitted. 
Figure 4: Overall Submissions by Institution Category 


17 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Electrify America received submissions from 
a variety of stakeholders, including state, county, and 
local governments, private companies (including 
electric utilities and charging providers), and 
individuals (see Figure 6). 
More than 1,900 sites across the United 
States were suggested through 345 unique 
submissions (see Figure 7). 
 Looking across the broad range of 
submissions, a few major trends were clear (see 
Figure 8). First, submitters cited a need for more 
DCFC stations, both in metro areas and on highways. 
Within metros, they noted a need for strategically 
placed DCFC infrastructure that can serve multiple use cases, including commuters and people without 
home charging options. A major American automaker suggested specifically focusing on the needs of 
DCFC for urban core customers such as taxi/TNC services which require charging near hotels, airports, 
and convention centers. Submitters commented that highway stations are also essential, suggesting 
that a highway network will help reduce or eliminate range anxiety. Some, including Denver, Portland, 
ME, the State of Maryland, and Las Vegas highlighted needs for DCFC infrastructure along key 
destination corridors. The NESCAUM states noted, “EV adoption in the Northeast Corridor will require 
robust and reliable charging networks, not only where EV drivers live, but also in nearby states where 
they travel regularly.” The NESCAUM states also cited the importance of connectors to Canada to 
support both business and pleasure travel. 
Nearly 50 submissions noted charging in multiunit dwellings (MUDs) as a priority focus. 
However, commenters cited divergent strategies to address the MUD market, which suggests there is no 
single best solution for this use case. Some submissions recommended strategies for L2 installations in 
MUDs, including focusing on larger MUDs or new buildings to manage costs. New York City, on the 
other hand, suggested “[f]ast charge hubs overcome the barrier posed by lacking home charging access 
by establishing highly 
visible and centralized 
access points across the 
city where electric 
drivers can top up 
quickly and 
conveniently… .” 
Similarly, the City of 
Brookline, MA 
suggested providing 
curbside EVSE along a 
highly traveled 
thoroughfare in a high-
Figure 6: Submissions by Stakeholder Category 
Figure 7: Site Suggestions by State 


18 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
density area to meet the needs of local 
residents. 
 Submissions and feedback from 
governments and industry outside of 
California prioritized investment in EV 
charging infrastructure above hydrogen 
fueling infrastructure. Less than one 
percent of National submissions (five) 
recommended investments in 
hydrogen. 
 Finally, nearly 90 submissions 
discussed ZEV education, awareness, 
and access initiatives. Many mentioned 
brand-neutral vehicle showcases and 
test drives (also known as ‘Discover and 
Drives’) as a way to help potential ZEV 
customers learn about the 
performance and environmental 
benefits of ZEVs. Some submissions mentioned using digital media/social media to spur ZEV adoption. 
For example, ZappyRide offered to collaborate with Electrify America to develop a web platform for 
prospective EV purchasers aimed at removing the most common obstacles to ZEV adoption. Nearly two 
dozen submissions mentioned job training or EV curriculum development for both ZEVs and ZEV 
infrastructure in the form of internships, job training, and career opportunities, particularly for youth. 
For example, Drive Electric Washington suggested Electrify America “support efforts to design 
curriculum to serve as a primer about electric cars for secondary students.” Similarly, the Mississippi 
State University Center for Advanced Vehicles Systems suggested educating a broad spectrum of 
individuals regarding ZEVs “which would include the American public along with specialized education 
programs developed for secondary, post-secondary, and engineering students.” 
 Overall, Electrify America’s National Outreach Process was even more successful than the Cycle 
1 experience. It provided a deeper understanding of the infrastructure, education, and access priorities 
from state and local stakeholders, which have been incorporated alongside other insights captured 
below to shape the direction and tactics for this Cycle 2 National ZEV Investment Plan. 
 
Figure 8: Themes from National Outreach Responses 


19 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
2.2. Infrastructure Learnings and Insights 
Through the outreach process, Electrify America sought to understand three core questions 
related to ZEV infrastructure: 
• What types of ZEVs will dominate the future? 
• How will these ZEVs be used? 
• How will the ZEVs be fueled? 
The answer to each of these questions has a major impact on the type and locations of 
infrastructure required and therefore has been used to guide Electrify America’s thinking on its Cycle 2 
investments. 
What types of ZEVs will dominate the future? 
Based on all feedback received and analysis 
completed through planning Cycle 2, Electrify 
America believes long-range BEVs will dominate the 
future ZEV market. As detailed in Figure 9, Navigant 
Research’s 2017 forecast
5 shows the coming decade 
of ZEV sales to be increasingly represented by BEVs 
as falling battery prices strengthen the economic 
advantage of BEVs over their PHEV and ICE 
counterparts. Complementing this analysis, 
Bloomberg New Energy Finance (O’Donovan, 2018) 
forecasts electric car battery prices will fall 54% by 
2025 based on technology improvements and scaling 
associating with increased demand. In contrast to 
BEVs, Navigant Research forecasts hydrogen fuel cell 
EVs (FCEVs) will continue to be less than 2% of ZEV 
sales through 2026, and less than 0.1% of total vehicle sales across the country (Navigant, 2017). 
 Electrify America’s analysis of automotive manufacturer announcements for vehicles slated for 
release throughout the next five years indicates the clear trend of larger battery, longer range BEVs, 
with nearly all models planned for over 200 miles of range and some even surpassing 300 miles. These 
vehicles will also feature higher charging speeds, with most models projected to accept charging speeds 
of 100 kW and above (see Figure 10). According to Strategic Vision research, “recharging time” is one of 
the top five reasons for BEV avoidance, and thus increasing power levels and charge speed are very 
important to ZEV adoption. Finally, a greater diversity of body styles and price points provide more 
consumer choice. Several new car companies6 have announced plans to bring all new designs, 
technologies, and customer experiences to market. And to meet growing demand for SUVs and light 
duty trucks, a range of new models are planned or already released including (but not limited to) the 
 
5 Based on Navigant’s 2017 Base Case scenario. 
6 Examples include Faraday Future, Lucid, Byton, SF Motors, and Nio. 
Figure 9: Navigant U.S. ZEV Sales Forecast ('000 
vehicles) 


20 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Hyundai Kona, Jaguar I-Pace, Audi e-tron, Lucid Air, Mercedes EQC, Byton M-Byte, Ford’s upcoming all-
electric BEV7, and Rivian RT1. 
Figure 10: ZEV Models by Launch Date and Range, Including Average Power Level Trend (As of January 2019) 
 
In addition to BEV growth in the private use 
vehicle market, efforts by municipalities, taxi 
authorities, TNCs, and utilities indicate increased use 
of ZEVs in shared mobility in the near future. 
According to Schaller Consulting (Schaller, 2018), 
annual ridership for ride hail grew ~37% from 2016 
to 2017, and is projected to grow ~62% from 2017 to 
2018 (see Figure 11). Despite a shrinking portion of 
ridership for taxis, these combined use cases are 
seeing dramatic growth and thus the high annual 
mileage of these vehicles presents a prime 
opportunity for electrification. 
National Outreach submissions also 
demonstrated an interest in shared mobility 
concepts such as ride hailing, ride sharing, and car 
sharing in more than 30 submissions. Many cities and urban areas, including Atlanta, Chattanooga, 
Denver, Los Angeles, Nashville, Sacramento, San Jose, Washington, D.C., the Twin Cities, and King 
County, WA, noted that they are considering or actively pursuing EV car sharing fleets. Some of these 
 
7 The Ford BEV is unnamed at this time. 
Figure 11: Annual Ridership 


21 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
communities shared the sentiment of the City of Portland, Oregon which wrote, “[t]he number one 
barrier to providing electric car share services is the lack of access to electric vehicle chargers,” and 
asked for assistance deploying EVSE that could be partially or fully dedicated to these fleets. King 
County, WA wrote, “Electrify America can most effectively support ZEV adoption in the [Seattle Metro 
Area] by collaborating with the Metro to identify strategic locations for charging infrastructure, where 
high-profile workplace or public on-street charging stations could enable Metro’s transition to a ZEV 
commuter van fleet.”
 
How will these ZEVs be used? 
Early data on 200+ mile, long-range BEVs 
indicates that these vehicles are used by 
households quite differently than their shorter-
range equivalents. First, buyers indicate long-
range BEVs are frequently purchased as a 
replacement vehicle to an existing car in a 
household fleet (see Figure 12). Whereas short-
range BEVs are often additive to a household’s 
fleet and seen solely as a commuter car, the 
coming 200+ mile BEVs are expected to replace 
existing household vehicles and perform similar 
roles as an internal combustion engine (ICE) 
vehicle does today (New Vehicle Experience 
Study, 2017).
 
Similarly, long-range BEVs are used on 
more 200+ mile trips than their short-range 
equivalents. Tesla Model S and X vehicles are 
used for over 60% of household trips that are 
over 200 miles compared to Nissan Leafs, which 
are used on fewer than 5% of long trips (see 
Figure 13) (Nicholas et al., 2017), although new 
longer range Leaf vehicles will likely reverse this 
trend. Electrify America expects the “EVs as 
primary use vehicles” trend to continue as more 
long-range BEVs become available and as the 
growing networks of fast charging stations enable 
this shift. 
Beyond EV growth in the private use and shared mobility segments, innovations like 
autonomous vehicles are expected to shift how future electric vehicles will be used. KPMG’s 
Autonomous Vehicles Readiness Index reports autonomous technology will “transform our lives, 
because it will mean for the first time in history, mobility freedom will be available for everyone, 
everywhere” (Threlfall et al, 2018). Numerous pilot deployments of autonomous vehicles are already 
taking place throughout the United States by a variety of technology and automotive companies. In 
fact, having driven over 10 million miles on public roads in its self-driving minivans, Waymo plans to 
Figure 13: Percentage of Household’s 200 Mile Trips 
Driven in PEV vs. ICE 
Figure 12: ZEV Purchase Reasons for Household Fleet 


22 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
make its vehicles available for public use as a ride-hail service in the Phoenix area by the end of 2018 
(LeBeau, 2018). 
 
How will ZEVs be fueled? 
According to “Three Revolutions” by 
Daniel Sperling (2018), “most EV owners depend 
on overnight charging at home and only 
secondarily on public and worksite charging.” In 
fact, the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of 
Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy reports 
that EV drivers conduct “more than 80% of their 
charging at home.” The next largest segment of 
charging takes place at workplaces and at public 
L2s, and then – finally – at public DCFC stations 
(see Figure 14) (Nicholas & Tal, 2017). 
Home charging will support most 
individuals in single family homes, but multiunit dwellings (MUDs) have traditionally been difficult to 
outfit with charging infrastructure. According to DeShazo (2017), “MUD residents face a number of 
obstacles to installing electric vehicle service equipment (EVSE). Foremost is the variable and often high 
cost of EVSE installation at a MUD site. Additionally, the renter or owner exhibits a low to nonexistent 
investment motivation.” Electrify America anticipates that as EVs gain market share and penetrate 
larger portions of the overall population, public DCFC will become increasingly important for serving 
those MUD dwellers. 
Electrify America thoroughly investigated how hydrogen fuel cell vehicles are expected to be 
refueled in Cycle 2, as it explored investment opportunities in this space. Based on stakeholder and 
expert feedback, Electrify America anticipates that these vehicles will continue to be refueled at public 
stations, not in home, for the foreseeable future. The Department of Energy continues to support 
research and development of in-home hydrogen production and refueling. The Department recently 
awarded a $1 million prize to SimpleFuel for design of what may someday be a new garage appliance 
(Voelcker, 2017), although current estimates put the price of an in-home station as high as $250,000 for 
what would be considered a pre-commercial deployment (Blanco, 2017). 
Figure 14: Charging Location Mix 

23 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
2.3. Education and Awareness Learnings and Insights 
Electrify America also sought to better understand consumer perspectives and behavior to 
target the Cycle 2 education, awareness, outreach, and marketing efforts. The two primary strategic 
questions were: 
• How are ZEVs perceived today? 
• What are the key barriers to EV adoption? 
How are ZEVs perceived today? 
Overall awareness and consideration of 
electric vehicles today remains low in the United 
States. According to 2017 research by Ken 
Kurani and Scott Hardman of UC Davis, 
consideration of plug-in electric vehicles by 
Californians has changed little from 2014 to 2017 
(see Figure 15). This report, and similar data 
from Strategic Vision (shared in the Education, 
Awareness, and Marketing section) are sobering 
reminders of the limited consideration of ZEVs 
today and clearly suggest the need for more 
effective awareness building strategies and 
solutions. 
However, the 2017 NREL study 
entitled “The Barriers to Acceptance of 
Plug-in Electric Vehicles: 2017 Update” 
provides a more positive outlook on the 
market. Over half of consumers view 
BEVs as either better than, or just as 
good as, gas vehicles available today, 
and this number grew year over year 
compared to 2016 (see Figure 16). A 
large portion of the population – nearly 
20% – answered “don’t know” to the 
question “of the vehicle options that 
are available today, what is your 
opinion of [battery electric] vehicles?” 
which indicates that even more could 
be persuaded if they were educated 
about the advantages of ZEVs. 
Figure 15: California BEV Awareness 2014 vs 2017 
Figure 16: Opinions of BEVs vs Gas Vehicles 


24 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
The NREL study also reports 
that consumers continue to view 
the primary benefits of electric 
vehicles as being better for the 
environment and offering savings 
on fuel costs (Figure 17). These 
electric vehicle opinions are correct, 
of course, but recent studies show 
that other factors – such as vehicle 
performance – are more important 
drivers of purchasing behavior. 
As evidence, recent 
research from Strategic Vision’s 
New Vehicle Experience Study 
shows that mainstream car buyers 
rate comfort and performance as 
“Extremely Important” (see Figure 
18). Fuel economy is also 
mentioned by respondents, but it 
ranks 5
th, behind a balance of 
comfort and performance, handling 
and cornering, soft comfortable 
ride, and quiet interior. Thus, the 
primary messaging in promoting the 
benefits of ZEVs to buyers should 
focus on performance and handling. 
Since EVs already possess 
performance advantages, such as 
quick acceleration offered by their 
powerful motors and improved 
handling thanks to their low center 
of gravity, this communications 
approach will be authentic. 
 
Figure 17: Consumer Views on PEVs 
Figure 18: Consumer Attitudes When Shopping for a Vehicle 


25 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
What are the key barriers to EV adoption? 
Numerous studies including NREL’s 2017 “Barriers to Acceptance…, ” Strategic Vision’s 2017 New 
Vehicle Experience Study, McKinsey & Company’s 2017 “Electrifying Insights… ,” and UBS Evidence Lab’s 
2016 “What consumers think about electric cars… ,” highlight a range of barriers to ZEV adoption. While 
the importance of each barrier varies depending on when and how the study was conducted, five 
categories typically emerge (ranking is dependent on when and how the studies were conducted): 
1) Range: Most consumers are not aware that even entry level EVs have a range of 80+ miles per 
charge, well within most daily commutes. Education is required to show that other models offer 
up to 300+ miles of range. 
2) Charging Station Availability: Another barrier is the perception of the lack of charging 
infrastructure currently available. While ICE drivers can go on long trips secure in the 
knowledge that they will be able to refuel quickly en route, it is more complex for EV drivers; 
this same trip requires researching the location of charging stations along the way and setting 
aside time to charge up. 
3) Cost: The purchase price of EVs is a deterrent to some buyers. Although EVs are increasingly 
available at lower price points, they generally remain more expensive than equivalent gasoline 
vehicles. This financial barrier is overcome in part by federal and state purchase incentives, 
which can reduce the upfront cost of the vehicle, as well as reduced operating costs (fuel, 
maintenance), which accumulate over the life of the vehicle. Despite these benefits, further 
education is necessary to establish awareness regarding these economic advantages. For 
example, according to NREL’s 2017 study “Barriers to Acceptance… ,” fewer than a quarter of 
respondents (23%) had heard of PEV tax incentives. Furthermore, EVs typically cost less to 
operate than gasoline vehicles, including fuel, maintenance, and repairs, and these advantages 
can become education points as well. 
4) Performance: Most people have never ridden in or driven an electric car, so the performance 
compared to non-EVs is one that requires education and experience. 
5) EV Model Selection: While nearly all vehicle manufacturers already have or are developing 
electric vehicle models, consumers note the lack of variety in the number of vehicle models 
available. Currently, most electric cars are small, midsize, or compact, so consumers wanting 
pickup trucks or SUVs feel they do not have options. Also, many are only available in California 
and the other states that have adopted the zero emission vehicle mandate. 
Electrify America also believes that one additional barrier to adoption, not often noted, is that 
the majority of people don’t think about electric vehicles when they are buying a new car. For the most 
part, over the last 100 years, vehicles have been purchased and driven in the same way largely because 
the current driving culture, refueling network, and larger eco-system supporting modern transportation 
has been developed and well established around fossil fuels and personal use vehicle travel. Consumers 
typically don’t enjoy changing from well-established norms unless there are clear and known advantages 
to the replacement approach. Fortunately, electric vehicles represent compelling reasons for change for 
drivers, society at large, air quality, and climate change. 
 

26 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
2.4. Ongoing Outreach Efforts 
All of the stakeholder engagement efforts detailed above, from the National Outreach website 
to the hundreds of stakeholder conversations and dozens of academic research papers carefully read, 
have been instrumental in shaping our understanding of the ZEV marketplace as well as what is most 
important to driving ZEV adoption. 
We will continue ongoing outreach efforts over the course of Cycle 2, with a particular focus on 
stakeholder outreach specific to the metro areas where Electrify America plans to concentrate Cycle 2 
investment. 
During Cycle 2, Electrify America plans to conduct a similar process of outreach in order to draft 
our Cycle 3 ZEV Investment Plans, consistent with the approved National Outreach Plan. This process 
will include an evaluation of the performance of Cycle 1-2 investments to date, notably utilization 
statistics at highway and metro stations, and will consider feedback from stakeholders, such as 
automakers, EV drivers, and governments, regarding where additional station investments are needed. 
 

27 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3. Infrastructure Investments (~$235 million) 
Electrify America’s infrastructure mission is to drive ZEV adoption by reducing range anxiety and 
increasing charging convenience. To meet this goal, Electrify America is establishing a ZEV charging 
network that is comprehensive, technologically-advanced, and customer-centric with the intent of 
showing ZEV drivers that ZEVs can be used as a primary vehicle. To this end, Electrify America will invest 
approximately $235 million in Cycle 2 in EV charging infrastructure across multiple use cases at the 
metropolitan community level and along highways and other regionally significant routes. Estimated 
budgets for each investment are shown in Table 5 and detailed in the following sections. 
Table 5: Estimated Infrastructure Investment Budgets 
Category Estimated 
Budget ($M)1 
Infrastructure ~$235 
Metro Community Charging $145 - $165 
Highways and Regional Routes $65 - $85 
Autonomous Vehicle Charging $2 - $4 
1 Costs include creditable operating expenses, on-site storage, and up to $5 million in 
renewable generation where appropriate. 
 
These investments were selected from a much larger set of use cases that were studied, 
including on-street charging, hotels, transit hubs such as park and rides, fleet charging, and hydrogen 
fueling stations. While investment in each of these use cases shows potential to drive ZEV adoption, 
Electrify America was not able to establish a satisfactory business case that would justify investment 
during Cycle 2. Electrify America will continue to examine data and new information, however, and will 
potentially shift resources to creditable use cases during Cycle 2 if new opportunities demonstrate these 
to be good financial investments for the long-term and substantially impactful on ZEV adoption during 
Cycle 2. Any new investment would reduce the budget dedicated to the above described infrastructure 
use cases, it should be noted. Electrify America would also inform EPA staff of any reallocation of Cycle 
2 funding to new ZEV infrastructure use cases not budgeted for in this Cycle 2 National ZEV Investment 
Plan. 
Guiding Principles 
Several key guiding principles were used to select infrastructure investments for Cycle 2. These 
principles capture Electrify America’s short and long-term goals and vision and ensure that each 
infrastructure investment works towards those goals and vision. The key guiding principles for selecting 
Cycle 2 investments included: 
- Focus on locations where access and utilization is projected to be highest: Investments target 
highways and metropolitan areas with high current and projected concentrations of ZEV drivers. 
This will maximize potential network utilization, the clearly established goal of and success metric 

28 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
for the ZEV infrastructure investments established in Appendix C of the Partial Consent Decree. This 
will also improve both ZEV driver convenience and infrastructure investment economics. 
 
- Strive to expand ZEV adoption, and meet the needs of drivers in regions: Investing in adjacent 
metropolitan areas produces a network effect, where investments to support travel and tourism 
between cities also support the spread of ZEV adoption geographically across a region. 
 
- Focus on a variety of use cases based on anticipated charging behaviors of ZEV drivers: Electrify 
America will build chargers to serve current and emerging driver needs – including mobility services, 
corridor travel, and charging in public areas (commercial/retail locations, parking garages) within a 
metro. 
 
- Incorporate anticipated changes in the ZEV industry by ‘future-proofing’ stations to maximize 
their usefulness in the medium-to-long-term: Investments will include the latest technology (from 
L2s up to 350 kW DCFC) and operate across different charging standards (CCS and CHAdeMO) to 
maximize access and help ensure future compatibility in a rapidly evolving industry. Electrify 
America will also continually look toward new technologies, including ways to meet the needs of 
emerging autonomous vehicles, and work to ensure investments are optimized to incorporate these 
technologies in future investment cycles. 
 
- Focus on a sustainable business model: Electrify America is implementing a set of ZEV infrastructure 
investments designed to be economically sustainable for the long-term. 
 
 

29 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.1. Metro Community Charging ($145 - $165 million) 
3.1.1. Investment Overview 
 The largest portion of Electrify America’s Cycle 2 investment is dedicated to community charging 
within metropolitan areas. Electrify America has identified metro charging as the primary use case 
based on four key market factors: 
1. The vast majority of BEVs are projected to be sold in top metro markets; 
2. Most miles driven in these BEVs are anticipated to be driven in and around metro areas; 
3. Recent research shows that the majority of public charging happens relatively close to home; 
and 
4. New technology is shifting more vehicle miles traveled toward shared mobility options, which 
will require increasing charging support in and around metros. 
 
Early adoption of BEVs in the 
U.S. has been concentrated 
principally within major metro areas, 
and this trend is projected to 
continue at least through 2022. In 
2018, 71% of the nearly 400,000 
BEVs in operation were 
concentrated in 20 metropolitan 
areas, and 57% were concentrated 
within the top 10 metros (IHS Markit 
Catalyst, 2018). Navigant Research 
(2017) forecasts this trend will 
continue through 2022 with over 
70% of the projected two million 
BEVs in operation concentrated in 
just 20 metro areas. In addition to 
these forecast findings, Electrify 
America also considered that the 
majority of the U.S. population today lives in cities. According to the U.S. Census Bureau (2015), cities 
are home to 62.7% of the U.S. population. In a 2016 press release discussing the U.S. Census Bureau’s 
American Community Survey, Census Bureau Director John H. Thompson wrote that, “rural areas cover 
97 percent of the nation’s land area but contain 19.3 percent of the population (about 60 million 
people).” 
Electrify America expects that most BEVs, similar to their ICE counterparts, will be driven in and 
around their metros. According to the Federal Highway Administration’s 2017 National Household 
Travel Survey, 95% of vehicle trips were less than 30 miles from their origin. With most trips occurring 
close to home, it is not surprising that most DCFC charging sessions also occur close to home. In their 
2017 study “Survey and Consumer Motivations to DC Fast Charge,” Michael Nicholas and Gil Tal from 
University of California, Davis showed that a majority of DCFC events for Chevy Bolt drivers were 
recorded within 8 miles of home. Nicholas and Tal’s study “Transitioning to Longer Range Battery 
Figure 19: BEVs Sold in Top 20 MSAs 


30 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Electric Vehicles” (2017) shows Tesla drivers have similar charging behavior, albeit with a wider driving 
radius, averaging 29 miles from home for most charging sessions. 
Electrify America expects metro charging to become even more important as BEV buyer 
demographics evolve and a significant number of MUD dwellers and renters purchase BEVs. In today’s 
market, few owners of MUD buildings are willing to install chargers (Sperling, 2018). As NESCAUM 
described in their submission, “to increase access to EVs for residents of multiunit dwellings (MUDs), 
Electrify America should pilot innovative solutions for MUDs.” Placing DCFCs in sections of metro areas 
with high MUD density, which has been recommended by UCLA researchers, is an innovative solution to 
addressing the needs of future BEV drivers that live in MUDs. 
The shared vehicle economy also represents an increasingly important travel component within 
cities and is an attractive opportunity for early EV adoption by both drivers and passengers. The 
emergence of ride-sharing companies like Uber and Lyft in New York City increased the vehicle miles 
traveled (VMT) from shared vehicles, including taxis and black cars, by 25% between 2013 and 2016 
(Schaller, 2017). According to the San Francisco County Transportation Authority (2017), in San 
Francisco, one of the most mature ride-sharing markets in the U.S., 15% of all weekend vehicle trips 
were completed through transportation network companies in 2016. This growing shared vehicle trend 
is expected to continue, with the Boston Consulting Group (2017) forecasting that by 2030, 25% of miles 
driven in the U.S. could be in shared self-driving EVs. These shared vehicles are particularly well-suited 
for electrification. With high annual mileage, such vehicles enable drivers to realize fuel and 
maintenance savings even faster than a typical ICE vehicle driver and increase their net income. Electric 
shared mobility vehicles displace fossil fuel vehicles, reduce household fleet vehicle needs and traffic 
congestion, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. However, drivers and communities can only realize 
these benefits if there is sufficient public charging in the right locations to meet drivers’ charging needs. 
Considering all of these factors, Electrify America will prioritize metro-based charging 
investments in Cycle 2. To meet the needs of these drivers, Electrify America will invest in DCFC for 
three primary use cases within metro areas: retail/community, MUDs, and mobility services. 
Retail/community stations will target the needs of EV owners as they drive around town on their daily 
commutes, run errands, or visit friends and relatives. MUD stations will specifically target communities 
with a high density of MUD dwellers, and will serve as an alternative for those who lack reliable 
overnight charging at their residence or workplace. Finally, shared mobility stations target the needs of 
taxi, TNC and car share drivers in their daily travel around a metropolitan area. Electrify America 
believes that – collectively – these use cases will address the most critical DCFC needs of drivers within 
selected metropolitan areas. 
 

31 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.1.2. Investment Selection Methodology 
 In Cycle 1, Electrify America selected metropolitan areas for investment through a two-step 
process that featured both quantitative and qualitative filters. Electrify America built upon this two-step 
approach in Cycle 2, upgrading key metrics to refine the analysis (see Figure 20). 
 
The two-step process for selecting metro areas in Cycle 2 has been improved and is described below: 
1. Starting with the most populous 60 National metro markets, representing over 50% of the U.S. 
population (excluding California) (ESRI, 2016; U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of the 
Census, 2017), Electrify America assessed each market on their BEV sales today and forecasted 
for 2022. Sales were analyzed on both a gross and a BEV per capita perspective to not only 
identify large markets of potential, but to give opportunity to smaller, higher growth potential 
markets. 
 
Top scoring metros on the sales metrics were passed on to the second stage of analysis. This 
yielded 29 metropolitan areas for further evaluation. Electrify America also passed any 
metropolitan areas to the second step that submitted progressive suggestions in the Cycle 2 
National Outreach Process.8 Combined, this yielded 40 metropolitan areas for further 
evaluation. 
 
2. The 40 metropolitan areas were then evaluated on their expected needs for charging 
infrastructure (supply-demand gap, a cornerstone Electrify America methodology established 
for Cycle 1), the local electric utility costs and collaboration opportunities (utility environment), 
 
8 Note: Electrify America cannot guarantee that submitters in future cycles will be automatically passed on to the 
second stage of analysis or other approval processes. 
Figure 20: Cycle 2 Metro Selection Process 

32 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
state and local policies impacting EV adoption (policy environment), and the fit of the metro 
with Electrify America’s broader network (proximity to the Electrify America network). For 
details, see Figure 21 and detailed descriptions of each criteria used below. Electrify America 
looked across each of the four metrics to determine which metropolitan areas showed the 
greatest potential for investment in Cycle 2. The Cycle 2 metros for investment are shown in 
Figure 22. 
 
Through this process, 18 metropolitan areas were selected for metro community charging 
investments in the Cycle 2 National ZEV Investment Plan. These 18 metropolitan areas currently host 
approximately 30% of the total population (ESRI, 2016; U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of the 
Census, 2017) and are projected to account for 52% of the BEVs Nationally in 2022 (Navigant, 2017). 
Electrify America will continue monitoring market conditions, including ZEV sales, utility rates, and policy 
changes, over the course of Cycle 2. In the event that new market conditions or other information 
warrant investment in a metro not heretofore selected or additional investment in a selected metro, 
Electrify America may shift budget to those areas of highest need. Upon making budget shifts, Electrify 
America will notify EPA staff.9 
In addition to the 18 metropolitan areas selected, Electrify America will continue to operate and 
maintain all Cycle 1 metro stations throughout the Electrify America network. 
 
9 Electrify America is exploring ways to amplify the impact of its investment, including leveraging funding from 
private and public sources. 

33 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 Figure 21: Cycle 2 National Metros Selected 
 
Figure 22: Cycle 2 National Metro Map 
 


34 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Supply-Demand Gap10 
To ensure investments address a reasonably anticipated need and have a high likelihood of 
utilization, Electrify America used a supply-demand gap in the metro selection process. The projected 
gap in supply and demand for BEV charging was determined by: (1) calculating the projected charging 
power demand (in MWh/day) for public charging in 2022 outside the home; and (2) subtracting the 
current supply of power delivered by public charging for each metropolitan area. Demand for public 
charging in a metropolitan area was calculated using the projected number of BEVs in operation by 
2022, the average daily vehicle miles traveled as collected by the Federal Highway Administration, the 
mix of single-family and multiunit homes from the U.S. Census Bureau, and assumptions for vehicle 
efficiency and the portion of charging occurring at homes. Supply of charging power was estimated 
using existing charging infrastructure in Recargo’s PlugShare database with assumptions made regarding 
the power level and utilization at each station. Electrify America stations currently under development 
as part of Cycle 1 were added to the charging supply calculations in each metro to provide a more 
complete picture of future supply.11 The resulting Supply-Demand Gap is expressed in MWh/day as the 
projected unmet energy demand, per day, in each metro area. 
Utility Environment 
The local utility (or utilities) for each Electrify America metropolitan area plays a major role in 
the stations’ long-term success. To date, utilities across the U.S. have been crucial partners in deploying 
their distribution systems to bring Electrify America’s charging network to drivers. To further optimize 
Electrify America’s infrastructure investments in Cycle 2, this metric identifies the most EV-focused 
utility environments. An EV-focused utility environment, with utility infrastructure support (such as 
make-readies), DCFC specific energy rates, and lower or non-existent demand charges, can have a 
significant impact on the economics of the station. In addition, streamlined utility processes can 
accelerate site construction and dramatically lower both capital and operating costs. Metro areas where 
these same conditions are not as positive, especially those with high demand peak charges, can make 
the economics of owning and operating DCFC stations over the long-term particularly challenging. This 
metric evaluates both the utility costs to operate DCFC stations within a utility territory, as well as the 
collaboration potential of the local utility. 12 
 
10 In Cycle 1, Electrify America developed a megawatt-hour supply-demand gap analysis methodology to assess the 
infrastructure needs for any given geographic area. Through the Cycle 2 planning process, Electri fy America shared 
this methodology with academics and researchers across the ZEV space, including teams from UC Davis, UCLA, 
NREL, Argonne National Laboratory, Idaho National Laboratory, and more. The methodology largely stood up to 
academic questioning, and thus Electrify America has elected to use this approach again for Cycle 2. However, 
specific assumptions and data sets have been adjusted based on stakeholder feedback. For example, during a 
review in October 2017, the UC Davis team noted that our Cycle 1 methodology used commuting data (travel to 
and from work) to gauge vehicle miles traveled within a city, but that commuting miles represent just a fraction of 
total miles. As a result, Electrify America has selected a new dataset that provides a mor e comprehensive set of 
miles traveled within a metro area. 
11 Proposed/planned stations from other EVSE providers were not included due to the uncertainty of location, 
quantity, and timing of these stations. 
12 For metro areas with more than one primary utility, Electrify America uses a blend of the two utility scores (e.g., 
Washington, DC MSA has multiple electric utilities and is largely based on scores from PEPCO and Dominion 
Energy). 

35 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Policy Environment 
State and local policies can have a major impact on ZEV adoption, especially as vehicle 
technologies mature. In Cycle 1, Electrify America captured the impact of such policies on ZEV adoption 
within a given metropolitan area by counting the number of policies enacted in each metro. However, 
policies can have varying impact. For example, purchase incentives and vehicle mandates can have a 
much larger impact than non-binding sales ‘targets.’ To better address these nuances, Electrify America 
collaborated with the National Association of State Energy Officials (NASEO) and The Cadmus Group LLC 
to develop an updated policy metric. NASEO and Cadmus used existing analysis and the input of a panel 
of ZEV policy experts and practitioners to create a policy tool that ranks and weighs each policy’s 
effectiveness. Policies for each metropolitan area were then aggregated, producing a score which 
reflects the policy environment in each metro area, and its relative impact on ZEV adoption. For more 
information on the policy metric, see inset. 
Proximity Metric 
When considering the purchase of a new vehicle, many buyers look not only at the fueling 
options within their own metro area, but also on key routes to nearby regional destinations. Over 70% 
of Tesla drivers cite the existence of the Tesla Supercharger Network as a ‘very important’ factor in their 
decision to purchase (Recargo, 2015). Therefore, it is important that Electrify America support not only 
the local charging needs, but also charging within a reasonable driving radius from home. This metric 
reflects how many Electrify America highway stations are located within a 120 mile radius of the 
metropolitan area’s borders.
 

36 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 
Electrify America commissioned the National Association of State Energy Officials (NASEO), in 
partnership with The Cadmus Group LLC, to develop the Plug-In Electric Vehicle Policy Tool to 
evaluate the impact of state and local policies on plug-in electric vehicle (PEV) adoption in states and 
cities across the United States. The Tool was designed for Electrify America to use when considering 
potential metro areas for Cycle 2 investment and allows the user to evaluate the combined strengths 
and weaknesses of all PEV-related policies in a given metro area on a scale of 1-100 and compare the 
result with other metro areas. 
 The Tool provides a unique, evidence-based method to evaluate the ZEV investment climate 
of a metro area. The Tool’s main feature – the Policy Evaluation Rubric – categorizes all PEV policies 
into six policy categories and 14 policy subcategories. Each policy subcategory is assigned a weight, 
based on its strength to spur PEV adoption relative to other policies. These weightings were assigned 
after an exhaustive review of peer-reviewed journal articles, publications from government, non-
governmental organizations (NGOs), and the National Academies of Sciences, as well as rounds 
of expert input from an external Technical Advisory Committee (TAC). Members of the TAC provided 
input on the project’s Policy Tool Methodology and Policy Evaluation Rubric, however, the TAC was 
not shown the proposed Cycle 1 and Cycle 2 investment jurisdictions and did not partake in reviewing 
the draft rankings of candidate jurisdictions. TAC members included: 
• Jeff Allen, Forth 
• Samantha Bingham, Chicago Department of Transportation 
• Austin Brown, University of California-Davis 
• Tonia Buell, Washington State Department of Transportation 
• Stephen Capanna, U.S. Department of Energy 
• Gregory Dotson, University of Oregon School of Law 
• Robert Jackson, Michigan Energy Office 
• Dave Reichmuth, Union of Concerned Scientists 
• Michael Samulon, City of Los Angeles 
• Christian Williss, Colorado Energy Office 
The NASEO team assigned the highest weight to vehicle purchase incentives, followed by PEV 
deployment targets (including the ZEV mandate) and policies that incentivize EVSE installation and 
reduce EVSE operational costs. While there is some debate in the literature around the relative 
effectiveness of these policies, it is the project team’s conclusion that these four types of policies 
represent the most effective policies at advancing PEV adoption. 
This Tool was designed for Electrify America in its Cycle 2 investment planning, but may also 
be used by policymakers at the state and local level to evaluate their jurisdiction’s current PEV policy 
environment. The Tool, as well as a detailed report on the methodology behind it, are available 
online here: https://naseo.org/news-article?NewsID=3321
 
Policy Metric 

37 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.1.3. Investment Details 
Electrify America’s metro charging infrastructure investments are forecasted to account for 
$145 - $165 million of the infrastructure investment budget. 
Metro Allocations 
To split metro funds between the selected Cycle 2 metros, Electrify America considered a 
combination of factors to appropriately meet the charging needs of communities and ensure the 
economic viability of the stations. These factors included the supply-demand gap, policy and utility 
environment, and the overall connectivity of the metro with other significant BEV markets. Electrify 
America also weighed operational constraints and challenges including real estate availability in areas 
where they could be identified. Finally, while the size of the supply-demand gap in the largest metro is 
more than 10 times the size of the gap in the smaller metro areas selected for investment, Electrify 
America rebalanced its investment to the smaller, emerging EV markets where necessary to provide 
sufficient charging services in these markets and to support ZEV growth. Table 6 shows the allocation of 
the Metro Community Charging investment across the 18 metros. 
Table 6: Cycle 2 National Metros 
 
Cycle 2 Metro Community Charging Use Cases: 
Retail/Community 
The primary use case for metro community charging in Cycle 2 will be retail/community 
stations. These stations will be sited to primarily serve drivers around town. Within each metro 
area, specific site selection and station characteristics require integration of multiple inputs. 
Metro1 Estimated New Station Count 
Atlanta 8 – 12 
Baltimore 3 – 6 
Boston 8 – 12 
Chicago 8 – 12 
Denver – Boulder 8 – 12 
Honolulu 3 – 8 
Las Vegas 3 – 6 
Miami 6 – 10 
New York – Bridgeport 12 – 18 
Philadelphia 4 – 6 
Phoenix 3 – 6 
Portland 4 – 6 
Seattle – Bremerton – Olympia 12 – 18 
Washington, D.C. 12 – 18 
Total 105 – 125 
1 Electrify America defines a “metro area” as a Metropolitan Statistical Area, except in a limited set of 
circumstances where Electrify America determines that the MSA arbitrarily excludes a community that is part of 
the metro area or includes extremely rural areas within its border. In such cases, Electrify America exerted 
discretion on metro area boundaries. 

38 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
First, Electrify America uses a proprietary geospatial model for identifying “target zones” that 
require DCFC infrastructure. While the specific geospatial and demographic criteria used are 
confidential, Electrify America’s framework is generally consistent with those factors identified 
by Fitzgerald and Nelder in Rocky Mountain Institute’s ‘From Gas to Grid’ (2017) and includes 
high-traffic retail areas in locations with strong ZEV adoption potential. In addition, Electrify 
America takes into consideration the distance between existing Electrify America charging 
stations to ensure its network meets the needs of ZEV drivers throughout a metro region. 
Once target zones have been identified, Electrify America will use a combination of 
desktop research and on-the-ground resources to identify and screen specific locations within 
each target zone as leads. Electrify America, like other industry players deploying charging 
infrastructure, will use site location criteria to optimize charging locations where they are most 
likely to be highly utilized. While Electrify America’s Cycle 2 site location criteria are proprietary 
and are still being revised, Electrify America anticipates using criteria similar to those used by 
Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E) in their “2016 Electric Program Investment Charge” effort, 
including: 
• Minimum siting conditions (e.g., ADA compliance, paved and level, safe and visible); 
• Siting to increase EV adoption (e.g., food for purchase, premium spaces, future 
capacity); and 
• Siting to minimize cost (e.g., transformer capacity, distance from transformer, surface 
materials) 
Multiunit Dwelling 
As discussed in Section 2.2 Infrastructure Learnings, MUDs present numerous challenges 
to charging electric vehicles. Electrify America will support drivers living in MUDs in Cycle 2 
through placement of DCFC sites within close proximity of groups of MUDs. Many of the same 
criteria from the retail/community use case will be used to site these stations; however, in 
addition to these data points, Electrify America will analyze MUD proximity and density to target 
stations at convenient locations to meet the needs of drivers living in MUDs. 
Shared Mobility 
As discussed in Section 2.2. Infrastructure Learnings, in some metro areas of the U.S. 
there is an emerging need for charging of electrified shared mobility vehicles. Approximately 30 
submissions received through the National Outreach website discussed the topic. For example, 
the City of New York, stated, “a rapid expansion of public charging infrastructure can enable an 
increase in the share of ZEVs in the high-mileage taxi and [for-hire vehicle] fleet.” The transition 
of shared mobility to electric is not only driven by stakeholder support and potential emissions 
reductions, but also by the potential cost savings realized by drivers and passengers – where an 
EV deployed for shared mobility can provide a lower total cost of ownership than a comparable 
ICE vehicle today (Fitzgerald & Nelder, 2017). The benefits of these lower-cost and emission-
free vehicles are poised to most directly benefit disadvantaged drivers and passengers, who may 
not have easy access to cars (Sperling, 2018). While the transition of these vehicles to electric 
presents numerous benefits, one of the key issues identified when interviewing electric shared 
mobility drivers is the availability and accessibility of DCFC (House & Fitzgerald, 2018). 

39 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Electrify America believes it is crucial that the transition to electric shared mobility 
comes without compromise to cost or convenience for the driver. To better understand how to 
conveniently (and economically) serve the needs of these drivers, Electrify America conducted 
numerous interviews with drivers, discussed challenges and approaches with shared mobility 
companies and taxi cab commissions, and contributed to focus groups of current and potential 
electric shared mobility drivers. This collaboration, outreach, and research revealed that these 
vehicles often require chargers in specific areas of a city not necessarily aligned with 
considerations for light duty private use EVs, and thus need differentiated site location 
considerations. 
To site stations supporting these drivers, Electrify America will continue to collaborate 
with the shared mobility industry, including drivers, taxi companies, airport authorities, city 
governments, regulatory bodies and digital platform providers, such as Lyft and Uber, to select 
metros for investment in shared mobility targeted infrastructure. Metros will be selected based 
on a combination of factors designed to identify where the need for these investments is 
emerging, including local regulations, incentives, and support for electrification of shared 
mobility vehicles. Many drivers and cities are interested in having their shared mobility vehicles 
convert to electric, but, the most attractive metros for investment are those where policies or 
partnerships actually assist, accelerate, or require the conversion of the shared mobility fleet. 
Shared mobility vehicle charging stations will be sited using a geospatial model that 
considers some of the same key factors as retail/community stations, including frequently 
traveled routes and 24/7 access. However, shared mobility vehicles require locations 
specifically targeted to their unique routes, including stations near transportation hubs and high 
traffic areas. As a result, Electrify America will work with shared mobility vehicle entities (e.g., 
drivers, taxis, TNCs) to optimize charging locations for these drivers. At this time, Electrify 
America plans to dedicate these sites to shared mobility drivers. Electrify America will aim to 
maximize ZEV adoption for all and will monitor usage to determine whether to allow for partial 
or complete public access while maintaining an optimal charging experience for all drivers. 
Station Design Details 
Stations in metro/community charging use cases will typically employ five ultra-fast EV 
charging dispensers. In areas with particularly high traffic, willing site hosts, and electrical 
supply, stations may have up to 10 dispensers; in areas with real estate constraints, sites may be 
limited to three dispensers. The typical power level of each station will be 150 kW, but DCFC 
levels will range between 50 kW and 350 kW depending on site constraints (e.g., utility 
interconnection limitations, available real estate) and expected usage. All public facing fast 
charging locations will support both CCS and CHAdeMO connectors. Some Electrify America 
metro stations may include L2 charging where the site host prefers, and where the business 
case can be justified. The decision to include L2 charging will be made on a case-by-case and 
site-specific basis. 
Table 7 identifies the expected number of stations by use case. 
 

40 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 
Table 7: Cycle 2 Metro Investments by Use Case 
Metro Use Case Average Ultra-Fast DCFC Charger Count 
Per Station 
Estimated Number of National 
Stations 
Retail/Community 5 105 - 125 
MUD 5 8 – 12 
Shared Mobility1 5 15 – 20 
Upgrades to Support 
Highly Used Locations2 5 8 - 12 
Total New Stations 136 – 169 
1 If Electrify America is unable to identify a sufficient number of metro areas for the total expected shared 
mobility charging investments, funds will be invested in other metro charging use cases in Cycle 2 metros. 
2 Electrify America will continually monitor the utilization of the existing metro stations and invest a portion of 
the metro budget towards either adding additional capacity (including additional chargers and/or energy 
storage) at an existing metro station or adding an additional site nearby to support BEV drivers’ needs in Cycle 2. 
These site decisions will be made based on utilization data from Cycle 1 through the early phase of Cycle 2. This 
funding may also be used to upgrade stations not originally built by Electrify America. 
 
Select Electrify America sites will also include investments in renewable generation13 and 
storage to support long term economic sustainability of the infrastructure investments. 
 
13 The primary goal of Electrify America’s ZEV investments is to support increased adoption of ZEVs in the United 
States. Fueling BEVs with electricity from renewable sources represents the next step toward zero emissions and 
would reduce pollution. In addition to providing cleaner fuel, renewables can improve the customer exp erience 
(i.e., they can shade customers from the elements when canopies are used) and support the long-term economic 
sustainability of a charging site. Electricity costs, especially demand charges, can account for over 40% of DCFC 
operating costs. Ensuring public DCFC is affordable for all consumers is a key to attracting potential buyers and 
ultimately driving mass adoption. Electrify America plans to invest up to $5 million in renewable generation to 
power its DCFC stations. Electrify America expects that approximately 1-2 MW of renewable generation will be 
installed, resulting in approximately 1,600-3,800 MWh of electricity produced annually. 

41 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
3.2. Regional Routes and Highway Investments ($65 - $85 million) 
3.2.1. Investment Overview 
Electrify America will also invest in infrastructure on regional routes and highway corridors in 
Cycle 2. In Cycle 1, Electrify America prioritized the build out of a cross-country network of charging 
infrastructure focused on highly traveled corridors between major metropolitan areas. As a result, 
when the Cycle 1 network is complete, approximately 96% of Americans will live within 120 miles of an 
Electrify America charging station. In Cycle 2, Electrify America will further enhance the highway 
corridors outlined in the Cycle 1 
National ZEV Investment Plan, while 
also developing new corridors to 
support the regional travel needs of 
drivers in top BEV markets. 
 A key consideration when 
purchasing a primary household 
vehicle is whether it will meet the 
consumer’s long-distance travel 
needs. When surveyed, over 70% of 
Tesla drivers cited the existence of 
the Tesla Supercharger Network as 
a ‘very important’ factor in their 
decision to purchase the vehicle 
(see Figure 23) (Recargo, 2015). 
Empirical data also shows that 
vehicle range and supporting infrastructure have an effect on how a vehicle is used – the Tesla Model S 
is utilized for 63% of household trips over 200 miles, compared to much lower rates for other smaller 
battery EVs currently available (Advanced Plug-In Electric Vehicle Travel and Charging Behavior Interim 
Report, 2017). Considering automotive manufacturers’ announcements, which indicate that the 
majority of future BEVs will have ranges greater than 200 miles (according to Electrify America analysis), 
a suitable long distance network is needed to support adoption. 
While a nationwide long distance fueling network is critical for supporting ZEV adoption, 
regional routes address the more realistic driving habits of most drivers. Federal travel data suggests 
that over 50% of long distance trips (trips greater than 100 miles) are completed within a 200 mile 
radius of home, and that nearly 80% of all long distance trips are within 300 miles of home (U.S. 
Department of Transportation, 2016). Several National Outreach Process submissions also mentioned 
the importance of placing DCFC stations along regional routes. In Cycle 2, Electrify America will focus on 
building out new regional routes to support the travel needs of drivers in selected metro areas on more 
localized corridors. 
Finally, Electrify America’s Cycle 1 investments were intended to meet ZEV driver needs out into 
the future. However, in the case that existing stations show higher utilization than originally expected 
and/or queuing during Cycle 2, Electrify America will add capacity to existing highway routes to ensure 
sufficient capacity for the growing set of BEV drivers. 
Figure 23: Importance of Supercharger Network to Tesla Drivers 


 
42 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.2.2. Investment Selection Methodology 
 In Cycle 1, Electrify America proposed a nationwide high-speed DCFC network as a way to drive 
ZEV adoption. As a first order of business in Cycle 2, Electrify America reviewed the Cycle 1 network and 
identified routes planned in Cycle 1 but requiring further investment in Cycle 2. These routes were 
prioritized for build out in Cycle 2. 
 Next, Electrify America leveraged a data driven approach to select regional routes for new 
stations and ensure its investments meet the anticipated needs of BEV drivers. Electrify America started 
by identifying the top BEV markets based on Navigant’s BEV forecast. These top markets were 
prioritized to ensure that investments support the needs of the highest number of existing and future EV 
drivers possible. Electrify America then used federal and state/local travel data (where available from 
our National Outreach Process) to analyze the long distance travel patterns of drivers from these metros 
and to identify the most popular travel destinations.14 The number of vehicles traveling to each 
destination was then converted to a forecast of BEV travel using Navigant’s forecasted BEV penetration 
at the origin point (see Figure 24, Figure 25, and Figure 26). Finally, forecasted BEV travel to common 
destinations from MSAs within a single region (e.g., Portland & Seattle; Boston, New York, Philadelphia, 
Baltimore and Washington, D.C.) were aggregated to identify the most important routes for EV charging. 
To finalize the regional routes selected for investment in Cycle 2, destinations were compared to those 
submitted by states and municipalities in the National Outreach Process to ensure the geospatial 
analysis matched local needs. 
 
14 Travel data allowed visualization of trips from county to county. Specific destinations within each county were 
identified using National Outreach Process submissions and discussions with local experts. 

 
43 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Figure 24: Northeast Top BEV Travel Destinations 
 
Figure 25: Southeast Top BEV Travel Destinations 
 


 
44 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Figure 26: Northwest Top BEV Travel Destinations 
Several submissions from the 
National Outreach website noted the 
importance of travel to/from Canada. For 
example, Vermont Public Service suggested 
placing DCFC on Vermont highway corridors 
to enable travel to Canada. Similarly, Drive 
Electric Washington offered specific site 
locations that include heavy travel to/from 
Canada. Electrify America also reviewed daily 
border traffic across numerous major U.S. 
Canadian borders, and analyzed traffic data at 
these border crossings. Considering this 
stakeholder feedback and data supporting 
heavy travel to/from Canada, Electrify 
America identified routes to key Canadian 
border crossings in Washington, Michigan, 
and Vermont as part of the regional route and 
highway investments in Cycle 2 (these 
stations will be placed in the United States). 
The regional routes for highway 
investment are spread throughout the 
country (see Figure 27, Figure 28, Figure 29, 
and Figure 30). These include numerous highways in Connecticut, Maryland, New Hampshire, New 
Jersey, Pennsylvania, and New York in the northeast; several highways in the southern states connecting 
Atlanta, Birmingham, Mobile, Montgomery, and Nashville; a route to Aberdeen and Port Angeles on the 
Olympic Peninsula in the northwest; routes connecting Portland with the Oregon coast and to Bend, OR; 
and a route from Denver to Fort Collins in Colorado. In order to ensure that these investments have the 
greatest impact on ZEV adoption, Electrify America will continue to analyze long-distance travel data 
during Cycle 2 and may expand or modify the list of prioritized regional routes to address emerging 
needs. 
In addition to the regional routes being built in Cycle 2, Electrify America will continually 
monitor the utilization of the existing highway stations and invest a portion of the highway budget 
towards expanding, or adding, station infrastructure and/or storage/renewable generation where high 
utilization and optimal conditions are evident. 


 
45 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Figure 27: Northeast Cycle 2 Regional Routes 
 


 
46 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 
 
Figure 29: Northwest Cycle 2 Regional Routes 
Figure 28: Southeast Cycle 2 Regional Routes 
Figure 30: Central Cycle 2 Regional Routes 

 
47 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.2.3. Investment Details 
Electrify America’s highway investments, including any generation and storage assets, are 
projected to account for approximately $65 - $85 million of the infrastructure investment budget. These 
stations will be designed with light duty vehicle drivers in mind, but much like liquid fueling stations 
today, some stations may also be able to accommodate the space requirements of medium and heavy 
duty vehicles. 
Enhancing the Cycle 1 Nationwide Highway Network 
In Cycle 1, Electrify America laid out a plan to develop a nationwide highway network of high-
speed charging stations. The Cycle 1 plan anticipated approximately 90 stations of this network would 
begin development in Cycle 1, but would be partially funded and completed in Cycle 2. Electrify America 
has achieved substantial cost efficiencies over the course of Cycle 1 and anticipates being able to fund a 
significant portion of the 90 stations with the Cycle 1 budget. In Cycle 2, Electrify America is committed 
to further building its nationwide highway network. As of the drafting of this plan, Electrify America 
anticipates it will spend $20 million in Cycle 2 and finish up to 28 additional stations for its highway 
network. 
Regional Route Allocations 
Funding allocations towards regional routes are based on the number of sites needed to provide 
travel from Cycle 2 metros to identified destinations. Most sites serving regional routes in Cycle 2 will 
consist of four chargers, two 150 kW and two 350 kW.15 The number of sites is determined based on 
the length of the route, location of existing Electrify America stations, the likely origin of BEVs traveling 
on the routes, and maintaining a distance of less than 120 miles between stations with consideration for 
significant changes in elevation.16 Specific regional routes are identified in Table 8. The total budget for 
these sites is approximately $20 - $30 million. 
Supporting the Highway Network with Additional Investments 
Electrify America anticipates some routes in its highway network will demonstrate utilization 
which requires additional investment to meet driver needs and avoid crowding or queuing. 
Approximately $7 - $12 million will be dedicated to supporting the existing highway network by either 
adding additional capacity (including additional chargers and/or energy storage) at an existing highway 
station or adding an additional site along an existing highway route to support BEV drivers’ needs in 
Cycle 2. These site decisions will be made based on utilization data from Cycle 1 through the early phase 
of Cycle 2.
17 This funding may also be used to upgrade stations not originally built by Electrify America, 
consistent with limitations on creditable cost previously established. 
 
15 The high powered chargers Electrify America is currently deploying are a mix of 350 kW and 320 kW, but 
Electrify America anticipates being able to increase power levels through upgrades over time. Maximum charging 
power levels are limited by vehicle capabilities, safety protections, and the charging protocols’ technical 
specifications. 
16 On rare occasion, Electrify America must extend the distance slightly beyond 120 miles to account for significant 
siting constraints including available real estate, utility connections, etc. 
17 If utilization at stations on Cycle 1 and Cycle 2 routes does not demonstrate sufficient utilization to warrant 
additional investment, this budget will be reallocated to other Cycle 2 ZEV Investment Plan use cases. 

 
48 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Table 8: Cycle 2 Regional Route and Corridor Investments 
Regional Route Highway Estimated Station Count 
I-93 Boston to Concord, NH 1 
I-89 Concord to Burlington, VT Border 2 
MA-6 Boston to Cape Cod 1 
I-84/I-684 New York to Hartford 1 
CT-15 New York to New Haven 1 
I-476/I-81 Philadelphia to Syracuse 2 
I-78 New York to Harrisburg 1 
Garden St. Pkwy 2 
Canada Connector in Detroit 1 
MD-295 D.C. to Baltimore 1 
I-20 Atlanta to Birmingham 1 
I-85 Atlanta to Montgomery 1 
I-65 Nashville to Birmingham 1 
I-65 Birmingham to Mobile 2 
I-5 Seattle to Canada Border 1 
WA-101 Seattle Area to Port Angeles 1 
WA-12/8 Seattle Area to Aberdeen 1 
OR-26 Portland to Pacific Coast 1 
OR-26/97 Portland to Bend 2 
I-25 Denver to Fort Collins 1 
Stations Supporting Existing High Utilization Routes 8 - 10 
Total 33 - 35 
Enhancing the Cycle 1 Nationwide Highway Network ~28 
 
Select Electrify America sites will also include investments in renewable generation and storage 
necessary to support long term economic sustainability of the infrastructure investments. 
 

 
49 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.3. Autonomous Vehicle Charging ($2 - $4 million) 
3.3.1. Investment Overview 
The automotive industry is in transition as vehicle ownership models are being challenged by 
disruptive mobility alternatives. The next generation of potential automotive buyers are taking 
advantage of new mobility services (ride hail, car share, public transit), and the industry is becoming 
focused on the potential of new mobility choices. These trends can be summarized as Autonomous, 
Connected, Electrified, Shared (ACES) (INRIX, 2018), or as vehicle electrification, vehicle automation and 
pooling, and sharing (Sperling, 2018). In addition, recent announcements regarding autonomous vehicle 
deployments in Phoenix, San Francisco, and Sacramento are examples of how quickly charging for 
autonomous vehicles could emerge as a new infrastructure need (Rodd, 2018; Knight Foundation, 2018). 
Accordingly, in Cycle 2, Electrify America is looking to partner with autonomous vehicle service 
providers to support their programs with autonomous charging solutions. 
3.3.2. Investment Selection Methodology 
Electrify America plans to partner with an existing autonomous vehicle company or companies 
to build an autonomous vehicle charging station(s) in a market where such a station(s) is necessary to 
serve emerging needs. As the autonomous fleet providers are subject to legal limitations as to where 
they are able to operate their programs, Electrify America investment in this area will be subject to such 
location-based limitations. 
3.3.3. Investment Details 
Electrify America anticipates that two separate stations can be supported by this $2 to $4 
million infrastructure investment. Hardware deployed at the station (e.g., robotic arm or other 
approach) will depend on the available charging technology as well as the OEM vehicle capabilities in 
the market during Cycle 2. 
Please note: if for any reason Electrify America is unable to identify sufficient investments to 
meet the $2 to $4 million budget by June 2020, or if this emerging need is being met by Electrify 
America’s investment in California, any remaining funds will be redistributed to other Cycle 2 ZEV 
Investment Plan use cases in order to ensure Electrify America meets the spending requirements of the 
Partial Consent Decree. 
 

 
50 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.4. Infrastructure Investment Timeline and Milestones 
Through implementation of the Cycle 1 ZEV Investment Plans, Electrify America has acquired 
extensive experience deploying DCFC and L2 stations across the country. In Cycle 2, Electrify America 
will leverage this experience to ensure an efficient and effective roll-out of the infrastructure 
investments outlined in this plan. Developing any charging site, and especially a high-powered DCFC site 
with multiple chargers, is an extensive and time intensive process involving numerous steps, processes, 
and the coordination of multiple parties including real estate owners, hardware vendors, construction 
contractors, utilities, and permitting agencies. The key steps necessary to deploy each DCFC charging 
location, once a site has been secured, are outlined below, but are not necessarily in order given 
variable circumstances: 
• Ordering equipment 
• Negotiation and signing of lease or license agreements (or, where appropriate, purchasing 
property)18 
• Development of permitting/pre-construction packages 
• Filing permits 
• Warehousing equipment and quality assurance/quality control 
• Permit approval 
• Site preparation 
• Equipment delivery to site 
• Completion of site construction 
• Landscaping 
• Utility connection to the grid/inspection and any additional utility preparation including new 
transformers or upgraded substations 
• Commissioning 
 
The length of time needed to develop a charging location can vary significantly based on 
available real estate, site characteristics, utility capacity, local permitting agencies, easements, and other 
geographic and business factors. Electrify America has already established an extensive list of major real 
estate partners, which will help reduce the overall time necessary to identify charging sites in Cycle 2. In 
addition, Electrify America has established relationships with many local utilities and permitting 
agencies, allowing both parties to become more familiar with Electrify America’s infrastructure 
approach, while also improving Electrify America’s understanding of local processes. These relationships 
and learnings can make station development more predictable and streamlined over time. 
Considering learnings from Cycle 1, Electrify America has submitted the Cycle 2 National ZEV 
Investment plan considerably in advance of the beginning of the Cycle. Electrify America will begin 
development of the first Cycle 2 stations as soon as the Cycle 2 National ZEV Investment Plan is 
determined to be consistent with the Partial Consent Decree by the EPA. An expeditious determination 
will enable Electrify America to initiate new RFPs, negotiate contracts, place orders for equipment, 
secure sites, and begin other key development activities in advance of the beginning of Cycle 2 and 
 
18 Electrify America’s real estate acquisition practices have been developed to ensure that the investment helps 
the entire EV charging industry grow. For example, Electrify America has not signed exclusive leases that exclude 
other EV charging companies from building at our sites or working with our partners, and Electrify America also has 
not signed multiple leases in the same DCFC target zone. 

 
51 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
avoid any gap in infrastructure investment. Based on this schedule, by the end of 2019, if not sooner, 
the first Cycle 2 sites are expected to be online, with many additional Cycle 2 sites well on their way 
through construction. Table 9 illustrates the preliminary planned rollout of Cycle 2 DCFC infrastructure 
to support regional routes and highways and metro community charging during Cycle 2. 
 Table 9: Cycle 2 National Preliminary Infrastructure Deployment Schedule – All Sites 
Cycle 2 Infrastructure Investments 
Quarter Pre-site selection In development Operational 
Q4 2019 150 - 160 20 - 30 30 - 40 
Q2 2020 90 - 100 40 - 50 70 - 80 
Q4 2020 40 - 50 50 - 60 110 - 120 
Q2 2021 0 - 0 50 - 60 150 - 170 
Q4 2021 0 - 0 0 - 0 200 - 230 
 
Electrify America’s Cycle 2 DCFC roll-out strategy includes two major phases. In Cycle 1, Electrify 
America deployed the first UL Certified 150 kW and 350 kW DCFC stations in the United States. These 
first-of-their-kind stations provide drivers the capability to refuel up to 20 miles of range for every 
minute charging,19 along with universal driver access through credit/debit card readers, and a simplified 
and intuitive charging experience presented by a 15-inch touch screen display. In Phase 1 of the Cycle 2 
roll-out, Electrify America will leverage this existing station design to increase the coverage of the 
Electrify America network. In Phase 2, Electrify America will monitor emerging technology 
developments and will consider adjusting hardware design and components, taking into account lessons 
learned, technology improvements, and customer feedback. This two-phase approach will allow 
Electrify America to rapidly increase the convenience of EV charging, while also allowing lead time to 
upgrade station designs or accommodate specific site requirements not aligned with current hardware 
configuration and design. 
In Cycle 2, Electrify America will continue to rely upon the capabilities and innovations of an 
extensive group of experienced suppliers to support the deployment of charging infrastructure. Electrify 
America will engage in a competitive procurement process to select vendors as necessary to meet the 
build-out schedules for Phase 1 and Phase 2 of the Cycle 2 schedule. This process will consist of issuing 
inclusive Requests for Information (RFI) and Requests for Proposals (RFPs) to support activities, such as 
site identification, site development, and procurement of both current and newly designed charging 
equipment. This procurement process is expected to begin by Q1 2019 and run through Cycle 2. 
 
 
19 Assumes 3.5 miles per kWh. 

 
52 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.5. Maintenance Plan for Infrastructure 
Electrify America’s mission to build a comprehensive, technologically-advanced and customer-
centric charging network requires that equipment be maintained to industry-leading standards, 
customer support is available when needed, and stations are repaired in a timely manner when issues 
occur. Regardless of whether maintenance is performed in house or by a contractor, Electrify America 
has ensured contractual requirements to reasonably resolve issues with all stations within a maximum 
of 72 hours. 
To meet these expectations, Electrify America conducted a competitive bid process and selected 
a vendor to provide maintenance for all Electrify America DCFC stations nationwide. This agreement 
includes routine preventative, campaign, and emergency maintenance for all stations through the 
contract period. Prior to the conclusion of the contract, or as necessary, Electrify America will solicit 
competitive bids to ensure no lapses in maintenance coverage for 10 years from the Partial Consent 
Decree effective date. In addition, all Cycle 2 stations will be marked with a toll-free customer service 
hotline. Should a customer encounter any issues fueling at an Electrify America station, the 24/7 
Customer Contact Center will be available to provide support. Agents and operators have access to real-
time station status information and can perform tasks such as reviewing unit performance history, 
initiating a charge, resetting a charger, or other issue resolution tasks. 
 

 
53 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.6. Pricing, Interoperability, and Open Access 
Broadly speaking, Electrify America intends to own and operate most of its ZEV infrastructure 
investments, though some investments may be handled under different ownership/operating structures 
as required for specific locations and use case needs. At those stations for which Electrify America 
operates the infrastructure, pricing will be a function of inputs including utility costs, station capital and 
operating costs, competitor pricing for subscription and rack rate products, and gasoline equivalent 
prices. Electrify America will set and adjust prices as required to reflect these inputs and drive toward a 
sustainable business model that always offers fair and reasonable value given our optimal charger 
utilization targets. 
To maximize public access to its network of charging stations, Electrify America stations will 
continue to have the ability to charge plug-in EVs using a mix of non-proprietary connectors used by 
multiple automakers. Specifically, public facing DCFC stations will utilize CCS and CHAdeMO non-
proprietary charging standards, while any new L2 stations will utilize the universally accepted J1772 
connector. Throughout Cycle 2, Electrify America will continue to monitor the developing market of 
non-proprietary connectors to determine which types of connectors and mix should be deployed as 
technology and sales evolve. 
Electrify America will also support open protocols including Open Charge Point Protocol (OCPP) 
that allow more standardized communication between different chargers and networks. Electrify 
America will work to maintain OCPP compliance and other measures to help maximize interoperability, 
a term that describes the ease of communication between the charger and the network it is on. 
Electrify America’s public DCFC stations are all equipped with credit/debit card readers, and Electrify 
America believes that true access to charging stations is best guaranteed through credit card readers. In 
addition, Electrify America’s public stations will be equipped with back end systems that can use Open 
Charge Point Interface (OCPI) 2.1 to communicate with other networks and Open InterCharge Protocol 
(OICP) to be able to connect to roaming platforms, when a business agreement is secured, in a manner 
that does not require use of any particular firm’s intellectual property. Electrify America’s network of 
ultra-fast chargers will also have the ability to accept multiple payment methods (e.g., subscriptions 
through our app, mobile pay, RFID, credit and debit cards, and “Plug&Charge” standardized in IEC/ISO 
15118) to simplify usage as much as possible across a range of buyers. Through the support of multiple 
charging standards, the ability to accept multiple payment methods, and a strong focus on publicly-
accessible infrastructure, Electrify America will be building a highly interoperable network that provides 
comprehensive access to all EV drivers. 
 
 

 
54 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
4. Public Education, Awareness, and Marketing Activities 
To complement the infrastructure portion of its ZEV investments, Electrify America will also roll 
out a broad set of education, awareness, and marketing programs in Cycle 2. The effort consists of 
media and tools from across the marketing spectrum including traditional media (e.g., TV, radio, 
billboards) as well as more targeted efforts and ‘new media,’ such as social media messaging and paid 
search. This effort will include campaigns intended to support two distinct themes of Appendix C of the 
Partial Consent Decree: increasing the use of zero emission vehicle technology and driving utilization of 
Electrify America’s zero emission infrastructure. 
Recent research shows that mass-market ZEV adoption has been significantly limited by low 
awareness. Strategic Vision’s 2016 New Vehicle Experience Study found that just 41% of new car buyers 
have ever heard of a ZEV (see Figure 31). Similarly, a 2017 Cox Automotive EV consumer study showed 
that the first electric vehicle that comes to mind for consumers is not actually a battery electric vehicle – 
it is a Toyota Prius hybrid. And, perhaps not surprisingly, awareness is a major driver of consideration 
and ultimately of purchasing EVs. As UC Davis’ Ken Kurani found in his 2018 State of the Plug-In Electric 
Vehicle Market: Report 1, “awareness, knowledge, experience, familiarity and assessments of ZEVs” are 
some of the most powerful predictors of ZEV consideration, far exceeding general socio-economic and 
demographic statistics. 
Stakeholders and academic scholars repeatedly cite education and awareness as a critical input 
for ZEV adoption. Electrify America’s National Outreach website received more than 40 submissions 
from stakeholders highlighting the importance of these efforts, including many invitations to participate 
in specific events or programs. A major American auto manufacturer highlighted that “outreach to 
customers for awareness of products available in the market, convenience of EV driving and the benefits 
of owning EVs are adoption enablers.” Arizona State University identified Education and Marketing as 
one of the three major elements required to achieve its ZEV adoption goals. The Leadership Counsel for 
Justice and Accountability strongly supports Electrify America developing “meaningful education and 
outreach programs,” while state level stakeholders at in-person meetings in Portland, Atlanta, and 
Olympia stressed the importance of combining education and awareness efforts with infrastructure 
installations. 

 
55 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 
Electrify America also recognizes the importance of driving optimal utilization across its network 
of stations. Station utilization is a key metric by which our infrastructure investments are judged and 
will become financially viable, and thus Electrify America’s branded marketing funding will be dedicated 
to building awareness of Electrify America’s network, brand, and helping drivers find Electrify America 
stations. 
 
Figure 31: ZEV Awareness and Consideration 


 
56 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
4.1. Public Education, Awareness, and Marketing Framework 
Electrify America has developed two holistic marketing campaigns to educate and inspire likely 
buyers about ZEV technology, vehicle models, financial incentives, and fueling availability. The 
campaigns together leverage all four corners of the marketing sphere - Paid, Earned, Shared, and Owned 
(PESO) content (Robinson, 2016) – and are designed to deliver a consistent message across media types. 
• Paid Media is content that is distributed based on financial compensation to place the 
message, and control its distribution, including traditional TV, radio, and out of home 
(billboard) advertising and sponsored content on social media. 
• Earned Media is the published coverage of a company, cause, or person's message by a 
credible third party, such as a journalist, blogger, trade analyst, or industry influencer. 
Examples of this include press release content published in newspapers or magazines. 
• Shared Media is the practice of distributing content through an entity’s own loyal user 
base or audience. Examples of shared media include posts on Twitter, LinkedIn, and 
Instagram. 
• Owned Media is the aggregation and dissemination of content from loyal 
customers/followers and then redistributing this content. Examples include 
customer/employee stories published on a company’s website. 
Electrify America’s efforts to boost ZEV adoption in a brand-neutral manner and to drive 
Electrify America station utilization will both use this model because it allows for amplifying the message 
across platforms and targeting spend to the most effective channels. The breakdown of activities, by 
channel, is shown in Figure 32. 
 
Figure 32: PESO Model Overview 

 
57 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
4.2. Boosting ZEV Adoption through Education and Awareness ($25 million) 
Electrify America will spend $25 million in Cycle 2 to boost ZEV adoption through informing 
mainstream car buyers on the key benefits offered by ZEVs in a brand-neutral manner. Of this funding, 
$24.5 million will be spent on brand-neutral education and awareness funding defined in Section 1.10.2 
of Appendix C, while $0.5 million will be spent specifically on Learn and Drive sponsorships, which are 
categorized as an access program defined in Section 1.10.3 of Appendix C. 
In its 2017 New Vehicle Experience Study, Strategic Vision found that drivers identify 
performance (handling and cornering) and comfort (ride quality and quiet interior) as two of the top 
four ‘Extremely Important’ characteristics when shopping for a vehicle. As such, Cycle 2 efforts to drive 
ZEV adoption will focus on four messaging pillars around ZEVs: performance, range, product spectrum, 
and charging infrastructure (see Figure 33). 
Performance messaging will highlight the 
acceleration, ride quality, and quietness offered by ZEV 
technology. Range will focus on the fact that the range 
of today’s fleet of ZEVs meet the needs of the 
overwhelming majority of drivers. Product Spectrum 
will describe the diversity of ZEV makes and models, 
from SUVs to sports cars and luxury vehicles. Finally, 
Charging Infrastructure will help instill range confidence 
while highlighting the convenience offered by both 
public charging infrastructure and home charging today. 
The majority (~$20 million) of spending on this 
effort is dedicated to advertising aimed at the top of the 
‘sales conversion funnel’ (see Figure 34). The ‘sales 
conversion funnel’ describes a typical customer’s journey from complete unawareness of a product, 
through awareness, consideration, test drive, and ultimate adoption. Figure 35 provides additional 
details on the contents of each category in the sales conversion funnel. 
Figure 33: ZEV Education and Awareness 
Messaging Pillars 
Figure 34: ZEV Sales Conversion Funnel and Primary Paid Media Categories 


 
58 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Figure 35: Additional Details on Paid Media Categories 
 
In Cycle 1, Electrify America has focused on building awareness through high impact media 
executions, with limited emphasis on consideration and test drives. For example, Electrify America 
created a TV and radio spot called the ‘Jetstones’ which highlights that ZEVs are available, fun to drive, 
and more affordable than ever. The spots can be seen and heard at www.plugintothepresent.com. 
Over the course of Cycle 2, Electrify America expects consumer awareness to improve as a result 
of multiple factors. First, Electrify America’s hope is that its early efforts, in combination with the 
activities from many others in the EV community, will boost awareness in the market. In parallel, new 
EV models will come to market, and Electrify America expects their associated launch campaigns to help 
drive increased awareness. If successful, these combined efforts should drive a bump in overall market 
awareness. 


 
59 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 
As awareness improves, Electrify America will shift its focus down the ‘sales conversion funnel’ 
to tactics that drive ZEV consideration (see Figure 36). 
Electrify America’s Cycle 2 media strategy will be broken into three flights: Flight 1 will run from 
July 2019 through mid-2020; Flight 2 will run from mid-2020 through mid-2021; and Flight 3 will run 
through the end of Cycle 2. The focus of each successive flight will shift further down the sales 
conversion funnel using those media tactics appropriate for the targeted messaging. 
This media plan is subject to informed revision, based on market impacts and evidence of 
effectiveness. The shift in focus laid out in the plan below from awareness building to consideration and 
test drives will be evaluated based on learnings, results, market conditions, and evidence of general 
consumer awareness on an ongoing basis. Electrify America may make adjustments to maximize impact 
on ZEV adoption as necessary and appropriate during Cycle 2. 
Cycle 2 – Flight 1 Paid Media Plan: 20 
Our approach to the Flight 1 media plan is 
to continue the momentum of Cycle 1 messaging 
and continue driving overall ZEV awareness. 
Specifically, Electrify America will focus the bulk 
of spending on ‘upper funnel’ media such as TV, 
radio, and out of home (OOH). Electrify America 
will leverage the momentum of ZEV vehicle 
launches in 2019 and 2020 to establish additional 
awareness among car buyers (see Figure 37). 
 
20 This plan reflects Electrify America’s best projection of Cycle 2 media spending at the time of plan drafting. Due 
to economic, political, and societal shifts in the market, media costs of each component may change, and 
therefore shift the optimal mix of investments. Electrify America will work with a competitively-selected media 
agency to optimize media spending for maximum impact on ZEV adoption. 
Figure 37: Proposed Cycle 2 - Flight 1 Paid Media Plan 
Figure 36: Comparison of Cycle 1 vs Cycle 2 Education and Awareness Messages 


 
60 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Cycle 2 – Flight 2 Paid Media Plan: 21 
 In 2020, ZEV penetration is anticipated to 
rise and as a result, consumer awareness is 
expected to be stronger. Flight 2 will evolve by 
increasing media efforts to drive an already 
educated audience towards consideration and 
trial. To capture these audiences, Electrify 
America will refine our investment22 towards 
channels that allow for advanced targeting, such 
as online video, social, and in-stream audio (see 
Figure 38). 
Cycle 2 – Flight 3 Paid Media Plan: 23 
By the latter stage of Cycle 2, Electrify 
America will focus on driving consumers toward 
ZEV test drive opportunities at their local dealers 
and ultimately to purchasing ZEVs. To promote 
test drives, Electrify America will utilize channels 
that capture consumer intent, including social, 
search, and programmatic display (see Figure 39). 
Additional Education and Awareness Tactics 
In addition to paid media efforts that will 
be conducted in the three flights described above, Electrify America plans to leverage additional tactics 
to drive ZEV adoption throughout the cycle. These represent a much smaller slice of the overall 
Education and Awareness budget, but provide consumers another touch point and unique interaction 
with ZEVs. These investments are highly dependent on specific projects or opportunities, and thus are 
difficult to identify in advance. However, some ideas under consideration include: 
• Social Influencers: Working with key social media influencers, such as bloggers or tech 
reviewers, to develop ZEV-related content. Influencers could be provided with a range of ZEV 
technologies to review, educate, and boost awareness around the “fun to drive” aspect of ZEVs. 
The goal of this activity will be to promote ZEV awareness in social media channels using trusted 
influencers to spread positive reviews of living with a ZEV on a regular basis. Electrify America 
and its media agency will work together to vet possible social media influencers based on 
multiple criteria including overall ZEV alignment and affinity, frequency of ad posts, location and 
context, and engagement rates. This digital activity is included within the Digital budget. 
 
 
21 See footnote 20. 
22 According to Appendix C, budget items related to education, awareness, access, and marke ting are defined as a 
category of “ZEV investment.” Traditional accounting practices categorize these items as spending due to their 
lack of a forecastable rate of return. 
23 See footnote 20. 
Figure 38: Proposed Cycle 2 - Flight 2 Paid Media Plan 
Figure 39: Proposed Cycle 2 - Flight 3 Paid Media Plan 


 
61 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
• Memberships and Sponsorships: As proposed by numerous submitters to Electrify America’s 
National Outreach Process, including the Sierra Club, Plug In America, and a number of local 
National Drive Electric Week chapters, establishing partnerships with consumer-oriented 
organizations to create content/events that promote ZEV adoption.24 
 
• Experience Centers: Including refueling infrastructure and education materials at a ZEV 
experience center with high visibility and public exposure such as Forth’s Electric Showcase or 
the Smart Columbus Experience Center.25 
 
• STEM Education: As referenced in more than 20 National Outreach Process submissions, 
potential concepts include providing curriculums to Kindergarten through 12th grade 
classrooms, vocational schools, community colleges, vehicle dealerships, and professional 
training on ZEVs and charging infrastructure. Other education activities may include sponsoring 
programs to “certify” qualified dealers that have dedicated and trained staff that are fully versed 
in ZEVs and their associated purchase considerations (e.g., wall box installation, discounted 
utility offers, local/state/federal incentives, public charging subscriptions). All STEM education 
will be specific to ZEVs and/or ZEV infrastructure, and made publically available whenever 
feasible. 
 
To supplement these brand-neutral education and awareness activities, Electrify America plans 
to sponsor Learn and Drive activities in Cycle 2. In comments from Plug In America, NESCAUM, and 
many other organizations, the impact of these activities to increase awareness and ZEV adoption was 
well demonstrated. These activities, which are classified as an “access” activity under sections 1.10.3 
and 2.5.5 of Appendix C of the Partial Consent Decree, will be accomplished by sponsoring the events or 
programs of other organizations, and the $0.5 million budgeted for this activity in Cycle 2 will not be 
considered an investment that meets minimum or maximum spending requirements specified in Section 
2.5.6 of Appendix C. For detail on this request, see Appendix 3. 
The $24.5 million Education and Awareness budget breaks down as shown in Figure 40. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
24 For further details on creditability of memberships and sponsorships, please see Appendix 2. 
25 This budget will not be used to support learn and drive activities at experience centers. All learn and drive 
activity is categorized as access as defined in Section 1.10.3 of Appendix C. 

 
62 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 
 
Figure 40: National Education and Awareness Budget ($ million) 


 
63 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
4.3. Boosting Station Utilization through Branded Marketing (~$10 million) 
One of the core metrics by which Electrify America investments are measured is station 
utilization. Specifically, Electrify America must drive utilization to demonstrate its investments are 
“addressing an existing need or supporting a reasonably anticipated need,” and Electrify America must 
demonstrate that a charging station “has a high likelihood of utilization and provides 
accessibility/availability where most needed and most likely to be regularly used,” as outlined in the 
Partial Consent Decree. To address this, Electrify America is targeting $10 million of spending on 
marketing and will communicate four key pillars: 
• Location: Highlighting the locations of Electrify America’s chargers to customers and 
instilling range confidence. 
• Speed: Conveying the high-powered speeds at which Electrify America chargers can 
charge a BEV, offering consumers a more convenient charging experience. 
• Affordability: Promoting the affordability of charging offered by Electrify America’s 
network, including subscription plans and charging bundles provided by automotive 
manufacturers that will be available to customers. 
• Customer-centricity: Showcasing that Electrify America’s infrastructure is designed with 
the consumer experience first – stations are located near retail locations and amenities, 
accept nearly all payment methods, and the charger and app interfaces are user 
friendly. 
Electrify America’s messaging goal is to change range anxiety to range confidence by generating 
awareness of Electrify America charging stations including convenient metro and highway locations, 
customer-centric charging experience (credit card access/no membership required to access Electrify 
America chargers), and high-powered offerings of up to 350kW that will allow for 200 miles of charging 
in as little as 10 minutes (depending upon vehicle capacity to access such fast charging). 
The largest portion of Electrify America’s activities will be digital advertising targeted at specific 
groups that are most likely to be able to utilize the Electrify America charging network. Electrify America 
will use digital tools including online search and programmatic digital display to reach these prospects 
and deliver the right message (e.g., promotion of closest EV charging location) at the right time (e.g., 
when someone is searching for a EV charger). Examples of potential targeted audiences include: new 
and used ZEV buyers, EV driver club members, and prospective ZEV considerers/researchers. 
 In addition to digital advertising, Electrify America will leverage alternative tactics with a much 
smaller portion of the overall budget. These tactics include: 
• Partner Marketing: Exploring the opportunity to work with OEMs and site hosts to promote Electrify 
America’s ever-expanding network of locations. 
• Social Media: Monitoring feedback and engaging consumers through social media (e.g., Twitter, 
Plugshare). Electrify America has found social media to be a valuable tool for listening to the EV 
community, identifying needs and pain points, and ultimately improving the consumer experience 
for our drivers. 
• Customer Relations Management (CRM): As charger utilization increases, it is important to keep 
customers and prospects informed of the new charger installations. Electrify America will establish 

 
64 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
a cadence of electronic communications to keep our customers and prospects informed. 
Additionally, leveraging online video, Electrify America may create a video series that showcases 
how to use our DCFC and the customer benefits of charging at our stations. 
• Memberships and Sponsorships: Support trade groups and conferences promoting the adoption of 
EV technology. Such membership dues and sponsorship fees would be associated with the Electrify 
America brand.26 
• Events: Support key industry events by providing promotional charging sessions and branded 
materials to encourage charging adoption and membership enrollments. 
• Highway Signs: Brand state and national highway exit signage for Electrify America charging sites. 
• Public Relations: Conduct media campaigns that are designed to feature Electrify America metro 
and highway charging stations. For example, press activities can focus on living with a ZEV on a daily 
basis without access to a dedicated L2 charger using metro DCFC infrastructure and/or conducting a 
cross country media program that uses the company’s highway DCFC locations to highlight that 
“road trips” to popular destinations in a “one car” ZEV family can be easily managed. 
In total, the $10 million budget breaks down as shown below in Figure 41. 
Figure 41: National Station Utilization Budget ($ million) 
 
 
 
26 For further details on creditability of memberships and sponsorships, please see Appendix 2. 


 
65 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
5. Community Impacts 
Electrify America is committed to making a difference through our investments across the 
United States. The impacts take many forms. 
Economic Impacts 
The $2 billion ZEV Investment Commitment is already having a big impact on businesses. To 
date, Electrify America has contracted with more than 100 firms for a total contract value of $380 
million. In addition, based on figures from the Council of Economic Advisors and U.S. Department of 
Transportation related to highway and transit investments, the $300 million being invested Nationally in 
Cycle 2 is estimated to support up to 2,500 jobs over the 2.5 years of the Cycle.27 
Recruiting and Hiring Underrepresented Groups 
Electrify America believes diversity in backgrounds and experiences within our team is an 
important part of our cultural fabric and a key to driving ZEV adoption for all Americans. Electrify 
America has implemented a set of recruiting practices that promote career openings to many 
traditionally underrepresented groups. Volkswagen Group of America, which provides human resource 
services to Electrify America, participates in INROADS, an organization that prepares young people from 
disadvantaged backgrounds for careers in corporate America. We also partner with Out and Equal and 
exhibit at their conference focused on workplace fairness for the LGBT community. We recently 
launched a Veterans Employee Resource Group and plan to use this group for outreach and recruiting of 
veterans. Finally, we plan to partner with WorkplaceDiversity.com to promote Electrify America careers 
across a range of diversity-focused recruiting sites including HispanicDiversity.com, 
DisabilityConnect.com, VeteransConnect.com, and AllDiversity.com. 
Supporting a Rich Supplier Base 
Electrify America is committed to ensuring that investment under its ZEV Investment 
Commitment reflects the rich and diverse characteristics of the United States and its people. To meet 
this commitment, Electrify America staff conducts outreach efforts and activities: to ensure potential 
new suppliers and contractors are aware of Request for Proposal (RFP) opportunities resulting from the 
ZEV Investment Commitment; to encourage greater participation by underrepresented groups, including 
certified veteran-, women-, and minority-owned businesses; and to assist applicants in understanding 
how to participate in the RPF process. 
Advancing ZEV Awareness at Public Events 
Electrify America executives and staff are frequently asked to speak or participate in dozens of 
meetings, conferences, and other events regarding electric vehicles, charging technology, and ZEV 
mobility. Electrify America does not accept most invitations received, in order to focus resources on ZEV 
infrastructure and investment executions. However, Electrify America attempts to participate in events 
 
27 The Council of Economic Advisors estimates that every $1 billion in federal highway and transit investment 
would support 13,000 jobs. This total count includes direct, indirect, and induced jobs. The estimate here is for 
the number of jobs created by infrastructure investments, and it does not include jobs created through education, 
awareness, and outreach or Electrify America overhead. The estimate assumes that ZEV investments create a 
similar number of job-hours per dollar spent as highway and transit investments. 

 
66 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
which are specifically focused on ZEV technology, are likely to grow ZEV awareness, or are consistent 
with Electrify America’s obligations and the spirit of the National Outreach Process. These forums have 
allowed Electrify America to increase general awareness of ZEV technology, to introduce audiences to 
the ZEV Investment Plans, and to collaborate with the growing movement focused on increasing ZEV 
adoption. 

 
67 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
6. Closing 
Electrify America once again thanks the hundreds of stakeholders and EPA staff for providing 
input, guidance, suggestions, and insights in support of the development of this plan. Building out the 
largest high-powered, non-propriety ZEV refueling network in the United States is a monumental task. It 
would not be possible without the support of the ZEV community – from consumers to utilities, 
suppliers, and government entities. Electrify America looks forward to continued collaboration in 
pursuit of ZEV adoption across the United States through the ZEV Investment Commitment and beyond. 
While this investment is ambitious in its size and impact, it is also a pivotal and transformational 
opportunity to increase the mass-market adoption of ZEVs in America. 
We are excited and motivated to continue our ZEV investment commitment into Cycle 2, while 
complimenting similar investments from the private and public sectors. And we look forward to 
continuing collaboration with other passionate stakeholders in the ZEV eco-system that are helping 
achieve this collective vision for ZEV transformation. 

 
68 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Sources Cited 
Sources used in the creation of this plan are listed below: 
Anderson, J., Kalra, N., Stanley, K., Sorensen, P., Samaras, C., Oluwatola, O. (2016). Autonomous Vehicle 
Technology A guide for Policymakers. RAND Corporation. Retrieved from 
https://www.rand.org/content/dam/rand/pubs/research_reports/RR400/RR443-2/RAND_RR443-2.pdf 
Blanco, S. (2017). “IVYS Simple Fuel Station Offers Homemade Hydrogen For $250,000 – live video, 
UPDATE”. InsideEVs.com. Retrieved from: https://insideevs.com/ivys-simple-fuel-hydrogen-station/ 
Boston Consulting Group. (2017). By 2030, 25% of Miles Driven in US Could Be in Shared Self-Driving 
Electric Cars [Press Release]. Retrieved from https://www.bcg.com/d/press/10april2017-future-
autonomous-electric-vehicles-151076 
Burfeind, M. (2018). The Future of Mobility: The ACES. INRIX. Retrieved from: 
http://inrix.com/blog/2018/06/aces/ 
California Air Resources Board. Glossary. Retrieved from 
https://ww2.arb.ca.gov/about/glossary?f%5B0%5D=name%3AZ#search_anchor
 
California Air Resources Board. (2018). 2018 Annual Evaluation of Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle Deployment 
& Hydrogen Fuel Station Network Development. California Air Resources Board. Retrieved from: 
https://www.arb.ca.gov/msprog/zevprog/ab8/ab8_report_2018_print.pdf
 
Californians for Zero Emission Vehicles. Retrieved from: https://www.calzev.org/ 
Chattanoogan.com (April 28, 2017). “Volkswagen Chattanooga Named Corporation Of The Year By 
TriState Minority Supplier Development Council”. Retrieved from: 
http://www.chattanoogan.com/2017/4/28/347007/Volkswagen-Chattanooga-Named.aspx 
Chattanoogan.com (November 8, 2017). “Volkswagen Chattanooga To Host Diversity Supplier Trade 
Show”. Retrieved from: http://www.chattanoogan.com/2017/11/8/358156/Volkswagen-Chattanooga-
To-Host.aspx 
Council of Economic Advisors (2009). Estimates of job creation from the American Recovery and 
Reinvestment Act of 2009. 
https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/sites/default/files/microsites/Estimate-of-Job-Creation.pdf
 
Corey, Richard W. (2017). RE: Volkswagen 2.0L October 2016, Appendix C California ZEV Investment 
Plan. Received by Mr. Mark McNabb, California Air Resources Board, 24 May 2017, 
www.arb.ca.gov/msprog/vw_info/vsi/vw-zevinvest/documents/zip_supplement_request_052417.pdf 
Cox Automotive. (2017). EV Consumer Study – EIA Energy Conference. Retrieved from: 
https://www.eia.gov/conference/2017/pdf/presentations/rebecca_lindland.pdf 
DeShazo, G., Turek, A. (2016). Overcoming Barriers to Electric Vehicle Charging in Multi-unit Dwellings: A 
South Bay Case Study. UCLA Luskin Center for Innovation and the South Bay Cities Council of 
Governments. 

 
69 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
DeShazo, J.R. (2017). Overcoming Barriers to Electric Vehicle Charging in Multi-unit Dwellings: A 
Westside Cities Case Study. UCLA Luskin School of Public Affairs and Southern California Association of 
Governments 
Environmental Systems Research Institute (ESRI). (2016) Key Demographic Indicators. Retrieved from 
ArcGIS 
Fagnant, D., Kockelman, K. (2015). Preparing a Nation for Autonomous Vehicles: Opportunities, Barriers 
and Policy Recommendations for Capitalizing on Self-Driven Vehicles. University of Texas at Austin. 
Retrieved from http://www.ce.utexas.edu/prof/kockelman/public_html/TRB14EnoAVs.pdf
 
Fitzgerald, G., Nelder, C. (2017). From Gas to Grid. Rocky Mountain Institute. Retrieved from 
https://rmi.org/insight/from_gas_to_grid/ 
Fu, R., Feldman, D., Margolis, R., Woodhouse, M., Ardani, K., (2017). U.S. Solar Photovoltaic System Cost 
Benchmark: Q1 2017. National Renewable Energy Laboratory. Retrieved from: 
https://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy17osti/68925.pdf
 
Giles, C., Ryder, C., Lommele, S. (2016). “Workplace Charging: Charging Up University Campuses”. U.S. 
Department of Energy, Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy. 
Hodges, J. (2018). Electric Cars May Be Cheaper Than Gas Guzzlers in Seven Years. Bloomberg. Retrieved 
from https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-22/electric-cars-may-be-cheaper-than-gas-
guzzlers-in-seven-years 
House, H., Fitzgerald, G., (2018). RMI and Uber Team Up to Expand Shared and Electric Mobility. Rocky 
Mountain Institute. Retrieved from: https://rmi.org/rmi-and-uber-team-up-to-expand-shared-and-
electric-mobility/ 
Hummel, P. et al. (2016). UBS Evidence Lab: What consumers think about electric cars, and what it 
means for auto profits. UBS. 
IHS Markit Catalyst for Insight. (2013 – May 2018). New Registrations 
Knight Foundation. 2018. “Major $5.25 million Knight Foundation initiative puts people at the center of 
local self-driving vehicle programs.” Knight Foundation. Retrieved from: 
https://knightfoundation.org/press/releases/major-5-25-million-knight-foundation-initiative-puts-
people-at-the-center-of-local-self-driving-vehicle-programs 
Knupfer, S. et al. (2017). McKinsey & Company. Electrifying insights: How automakers can drive 
electrified vehicles sales and profitability. Retrieved from 
https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/McKinsey/Industries/Automotive%20and%20Assembly/Our%20In
sights/Electrifying%20insights%20How%20automakers%20can%20drive%20electrified%20vehicle%20sal
es%20and%20profitability/Electrifying%20insights%20-
%20How%20automakers%20can%20drive%20electrified%20vehicle%20sales%20and%20profitability_vF
.ashx 
KPMG, (2015). Marketplace of change: automobile insurance in the era of autonomous vehicles. 
Retrieved from https://home.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/pdf/2016/05/marketplace-change.pdf 

 
70 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Kurani, K. (2018). “State of the Plug-In Electric Vehicle Market: Report 1”. UC Davis National Center for 
Sustainable Transportation. Retrieved from https://escholarship.org/uc/item/4gn9x59z 
Kurani, K., Hardman, S. “Automakers and Policymakers May Be on a Path to Electric Vehicles; 
Consumers Aren’t”. UC Davis Institute of Transportation Studies GreenLight Blog. Retrieved from: 
https://its.ucdavis.edu/blog-post/automakers-policymakers-on-path-to-electric-vehicles-consumers-are-
not/ 
LeBeau, P. (2018). Waymo hits 10 millionth mile, prepares for public ride hailing. CNBC. Retrieved from 
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/10/10/waymo-hits-10-millionth-mile-prepares-for-public-ride-hailing.html 
Metcalf, M. (2016). Electric Program Investment Charge (EPIC) - Direct Current (DC) Fast Charge 
Mapping. Pacific Gas and Electric Company. https://www.pge.com/pge_global/common/pdfs/about-
pge/environment/what-we-are-doing/electric-program-investment-charge/EPIC-1.25.pdf 
National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. (2018). Battery Electric Buses— State of the 
Practice. The National Academies Press. https://doi.org/10.17226/25061 
Navigant Research, Inc. (2017) EV Geographic Forecasts 
New Vehicle Experience Study. (2017). Strategic Vision 
Nicholas, M., Hall, D. (2018). Lessons Learned on Early Electric Vehicle Fast-Charging Deployments. 
International Council on Clean Transportation (ICCT). 
https://www.theicct.org/sites/default/files/publications/ZEV_fast_charging_white_paper_final.pdf 
Nicholas, M., Tal, G. (2017). Survey and Consumer Motivations to DC Fast Charge. UC Davis Institute of 
Transportation Studies. 
Nicholas, M., Tal, G. (2017). Transitioning to longer range battery electric vehicles: Implications for the 
Market, Travel and Charging. in SAE International 
Nicholas, M., Tal, G., Turrentine, T.S. (2017). Advanced Plug-In Electric Vehicle Travel and Charging 
Behavior Interim Report. UC Davis. 
O’Donovan, Aleksandra. (2018). Electric Vehicle Outlook 2018. Bloomberg New Energy Finance. 
Retrieved from: https://bnef.turtl.co/story/evo2018?src=PR 
Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy. (2018).Charging at Home. Retrieved from 
https://www.energy.gov/eere/electricvehicles/charging-home 
Partial Consent Decree in Volkswagen “Clean Diesel” Marketing, Sales Practices, and Products Lability 
Litigation. Filed 9/30/2016. United States District Court Northern District of California; San Francisco 
Division 
Recargo, 2015. Selected DCFC Related Slides for Electrify America 
Reichmuth, D. (2018). New Data Show Electric Vehicles Continue to Get Cleaner. Union of Concerned 
Scientists. Retrieved from https://blog.ucsusa.org/dave-reichmuth/new-data-show-electric-vehicles-
continue-to-get-cleaner 

 
71 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Robinson, S. (2016) What is the PESO Model for Marketing. Iterative Marketing. Retrieved from 
https://iterativemarketing.net/peso-model-marketing/ 
Rodd, S. (2018). Autonomous car company has been quietly testing its vehicles in Sacramento. 
Sacramento Business Journal. Retrieved from 
https://www.bizjournals.com/sacramento/news/2018/08/06/autonomous-car-company-has-been-
quietly-testing.html 
Ryder, C., Lommele, S. (2016). “Protecting Public Health: Plug-In Electric Vehicle Charging and the Health 
Care Industry”. U.S. Department of Energy, Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy. 
Saleh, K. (2017). How Much Of The World Population Is Online – Statistics And Trends [website]. 
Retrieved from https://www.invespcro.com/blog/world-population-online/ 
San Francisco County Transportation Authority. (2017). TNCs Today - A Profile of San Francisco 
Transportation Network Company Activity. Retrieved from 
https://www.sfcta.org/sites/default/files/content/Planning/TNCs/TNCs_Today_112917.pdf 
Schaller, B. (2017). UNSUSTAINABLE? The Growth of App-Based Ride Services and Traffic, Travel and the 
Future of New York City. Schaller Consulting. Retrieved from 
http://www.schallerconsult.com/rideservices/unsustainable.htm 
Schaller, B. (2018). Growth and Impacts of New Mobility Services. Schaller Consulting. Retrieved from 
http://www.schallerconsult.com/rideservices/schallertrb2018.pptx
 
Shahan, Z. (2015). Electric Cars: What Early Adopters and First Followers Want. Clean Technica, 
EVObsession, Gas2. 
Shepardson, D., Carey, N. (2018). U.S. vehicle fuel economy rises to record 24.7 mpg: EPA. Reuters. 
Retrieved from 
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-autos-emissions/u-s-vehicle-fuel-economy-rises-to-
record-24-7-mpg-epa-idUSKBN1F02BX 
Singer, M. (2016). The Barriers to Acceptance of Plug-in Electric Vehicles: 2017 Update ; National 
Renewable Energy Laboratory. Retrieved from https://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy18osti/70371.pdf 
Singer, M. (2017). Consumer Views on Plug-in Electric Vehicles – National Benchmark Report; National 
Renewable Energy Laboratory. Retrieved from https://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy18osti/70371.pdf 
Sperling, D. (2018). Three Revolutions – Steering Automated, Shared, and Electric Vehicles to a Better 
Future. Island Press. Washington, D.C. 
Svitak, T., Salisbury, M. Toor, W. (2018). Opportunities for Vehicle Electrification in the Denver Metro 
area and Across Colorado. City & County of Denver, Department of Environmental Health. Retrieved 
from 
https://www.denvergov.org/content/dam/denvergov/Portals/771/documents/EQ/EV/EVFinalReport.pd
f 
Threlfall, et al. (2018) Autonomous Vehicles Readiness Index. KPMG International. Retrieved from 
https://assets.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/nl/pdf/2018/sector/automotive/autonomous-vehicles-
readiness-index.pdf 

 
72 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Thomson, J. H. (2016). New Census Data Show Differences Between Urban and Rural Populations. US 
Census Bureau Newsroom. Retrieved from https://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-
releases/2016/cb16-210.html 
U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of the Census. (2015). U.S. Cities are Home to 62.7 Percent of 
the U.S. Population, but Comprise Just 3.5 Percent of Land Area. Retrieved from 
https://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2015/cb15-33.html 
U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of the Census. Geographic Areas Reference Manual. Retrieved 
from https://www2.census.gov/geo/pdfs/reference/GARM/Ch13GARM.pdf 
U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of the Census. (As of July 1, 2017). Retrieved on September 18, 
2018 from https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/ca 
U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy. Charging at Home. 
Retrieved from https://www.energy.gov/eere/electricvehicles/charging-home 
U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics. (2017). Table 18: Employed persons by detailed 
industry, sex, race, and Hispanic or Latino ethnicity. In Labor Force Statistics from the Current Population 
Survey. Retrieved from: https://www.bls.gov/cps/cpsaat18.htm 
U.S. Department of Transportation - Federal Highway Administration (FHWA). (2016). Travel Analysis 
Framework. Retrieved from https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policyinformation/analysisframework/01.cfm 
U.S. Department of Transportation - Federal Highway Administration (FHWA). (2017). National 
Household Travel Survey. Retrieved from https://nhts.ornl.gov/ 
U.S. Department of Transportation (2014). “GROW AMERICA Act: Creating a pathway to transportation 
careers.” 
https://www.transportation.gov/sites/dot.gov/files/docs/Workforce_DOT_Reuth_FINAL_2014.pdf 
 
Voelcker, J. (2017). “SimpleFuel home hydrogen fuel dispenser wins $1 million DoE prize“. 
GreenCarReports.com. Retrieved from https://www.greencarreports.com/news/1108482_simplefuel-
home-hydrogen-fuel-dispenser-wins-1-million-doe-prize 
Volkswagen Settlement - California Zero Emission Vehicle Investment Commitment - California Air 
Resources Board's Guidance to Volkswagen on First 30 Month Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Investment 
Plan of the 2.0 Liter Diesel Engine Partial Consent Decree Settlement. State of California Air Resources 
Board. Retrieved from: 
https://www.arb.ca.gov/msprog/vw_info/vsi/vw-
zevinvest/documents/carb_guidance_021017.pdf 
Walker, J., Johnson, C. (2016). Peak Car Ownership: The Market Opportunity of Electric Automated 
Mobility Services. Rocky Mountain Institute. Retrieved from http://www.rmi.org/peak_car_ownership 
 

 
73 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Appendix 
1. Certification of Activities 
Electrify America certifies that none of the activities described in the ZEV investment plan 
described above was/is: 
- approved by the Board of Management prior to September 18, 2015 
- required by a contract entered prior to the date of lodging of the Partial Consent Decree 
- a part of a joint effort with other automobile manufacturers to create ZEV infrastructure 
- required to be performed by any federal, state, or local law, or anticipate will be 
required to perform during the planned 30-month period 
 

 
74 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
2. Memberships and Sponsorships 
 
The Settlement documents do not specifically address memberships or sponsorships. There 
may be occasions where it would be reasonable for Electrify America to further education and 
awareness of ZEVs or to market Electrify America infrastructure by joining an industry or non-profit 
organization or by supporting the programs, activities, or events of an industry or non-profit 
organization. Under some circumstances, it is reasonable for Electrify America to join entities or 
sponsor their activities as brand-neutral education and awareness activities from the $24.5 million 
education and awareness budget. Under other circumstances, joining the organization or sponsoring its 
activities may be considered branded marketing and fall within the $10 million budget for branded 
marketing. Annual reports to EPA with creditable cost schedules for the given year will include the total 
cost of memberships and sponsorships. 
 
Brand-neutral education, awareness, and outreach memberships and sponsorships: 
 
Electrify America will follow the criteria in the Creditable Cost Guidance to assess whether a 
membership or sponsorship may be creditable as a brand-neutral education, awareness, and outreach 
activity as defined in Section 1.10.2 of Appendix C. 
 
Branded marketing memberships and sponsorships: 
 
Electrify America plans to market charging services and drive station utilization through branded 
membership and sponsorship, where cost effective. All spending associated with branded marketing 
memberships and sponsorships will support marketing activities that are directly public facing. In Cycle 
2, until Electrify America reaches agreement, in writing, with EPA on the terms and conditions under 
which intermediary-facing efforts would be creditable, Electrify America will not market its product via 
memberships and sponsorships that communicate to intermediary audiences (e.g. thought-leaders and 
industry partners) who, if informed and aware of Electrify America charging services, are likely to be 
effective at driving station utilization. 
Electrify America will follow the criteria in the Creditable Cost Guidance to assess whether a 
membership or sponsorship may be creditable as branded marketing. 
 
 

 
75 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3. Request for Exception to Education and Awareness Requirement 
According to Section 2.5.6 of Appendix C, “Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by EPA, Settling 
Defendants shall spend no less than $25 million and no more than $50 million on such activities during 
each 30-month investment cycle….” For this Cycle 2 National ZEV Investment Plan, Electrify America 
formally requests an exception to this clause that would allow $24.5 million to be spent on Education 
and Awareness activities and $0.5 million to be spent on Learn and Drive events. 
Under Section 2.5.5 of Appendix C, ‘Ride and Drive’ events are classified as Access investments. 
However, these events are highly educational in nature and are shown to have a high impact on ZEV 
awareness. As a result, Electrify America requests this amendment to allow for the funding of National 
Learn and Drive events. 

 
76 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
4. ZEV Glossary 
AC Charging 
The majority of ZEV charging is done with alternating current (AC) Level 1 (120 volts or normal 
household current) or Level 2 (208-240 volts or an electric dryer power equivalent). AC charging is 
typically more cost effective for the equipment and installation and takes advantage of longer dwell 
times to provide lower power to a ZEV over a longer period of time. AC charging is an excellent solution 
for residential, workplace, multiunit dwelling, and other longer-term parking situations like hotels and 
municipal or airport parking garages. 
DC Fast Charging (DCFC) 
Direct current (DC) charging for electric vehicles allows for higher charging speeds, as DC current can be 
supplied directly to the electric vehicle’s battery at power levels normally higher than AC charging. The 
higher the DC power supplied, the faster the electric vehicle can be charged, provided the vehicle is 
designed to handle such power. A common DC power level accepted by BEVs on the market today is 50 
kW. By 2019, it is expected that 150+ kW DC fast charging will be available on a number of vehicles, and 
speeds of up to 320 kW (at 350 amps of current at 200V to 920V power source) will be available on a 
limited basis. To illustrate the charging power difference between Level 2 AC and DC fast charging, a 
Level 2 7.2 kW AC charger will deliver about 27 miles of ZEV range per hour of charging, whereas a 150 
kW or 320 kW DC fast charger can deliver 90 or 200 miles of electric range per 10 minutes respectively. 
CHAdeMO 
A DC fast charging standard first developed in Japan for the Japanese market and capable in the U.S. of 
charging several EVs including the Nissan Leaf and Kia Soul. 
CCS (Combined Charging System) 
CCS is a DC fast charging protocol that is SAE certified and featured on vehicles produced by GM, BMW, 
Volkswagen Group, Ford, Honda, Hyundai, Proterra and a number of other vehicle manufacturers. The 
“combined” term designates the CCS capability to incorporate the level 2 (J1772 standard) plug and DC 
fast charging connector into the same larger plug. 
OCPP, OCPI, and OICP 
Open Charge Point Protocol (OCPP), Open Charge Point Interface (OCPI), and Open InterCharge Protocol 
(OICP) are communications standards that have been developed by numerous public and private ZEV 
infrastructure leaders. OCPP enables standardized communication between charging hardware and the 
charging station networks that support them, while OCPI enables communication between different 
charging station networks. OCPP makes it possible to change the network supporting an individual 
charging station at some future time if desired. OCPI on the other hand is the communications standard 
that enables commercial entities such as charging networks or automotive OEMs to transfer charging 
station data between each other such as charger availability or customer information to enable roaming. 
Finally, OICP is the communication standard for the transfer of data between electric mobility providers 
and charge point operator systems via a central roaming platform. 
 

 
77 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Out of Home (OOH) Advertising 
In contrast to television advertising, out of home advertising or media refers to advertising that 
communicates to customers while they are not at home. This type of advertising is intended to reach 
consumers while they are in public and on the go. Out of home advertising categories can include 
billboards, street furniture (e.g., bus shelters and benches, or in stores, kiosks, and shopping malls), and 
transit (buses, metro systems, taxis) to name a few. 
“Plug&Charge” 
“Plug&Charge” is part of the latest revision of the CCS standard, featuring the IEC/ISO 15118 standard 
which prescribes the means by which a charger and network can identify and authenticate a specific 
vehicle to allow for a charging session automatically, by simply “plugging in,” without the need for 
supplemental membership cards or fobs. 
Proprietary/Non-Proprietary Charging Connector and Protocol 
A non-proprietary connector is not privately-owned or controlled and is thus easily available as a 
standard and does not require extensive development to be ready for application. Both CHAdeMO and 
CCS combo are non-proprietary DC fast charging protocols. A proprietary charging connector is a 
connector and charging network that is exclusively accessible to one brand of vehicle or type of user. 
Traditional Media vs. ‘New Media’ 
Historically, advertising to consumers has taken the form of broad messages on television, radio, in 
print, or messages on physical items such as billboards or street furniture. These platforms are typically 
referred to as traditional media. Though this method has been generally effective at communicating 
messages to consumers, these platforms have limited ability to target specific audiences based on their 
interests and preferences compared to newer media platforms today. In the 21
st century and age of the 
internet, numerous additional platforms for communicating messages have emerged that allow much 
more direct and effective communication to customers about products and services such as social media 
advertising and paid search. These are considered ‘new media.’ 
Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) 
Under Appendix C, the following three vehicle types are considered Zero Emission Vehicles: 
1. An on-road passenger car or light duty vehicle, light duty truck, medium duty vehicle, or heavy 
duty vehicle that produces zero exhaust emissions of all of the following pollutants: non-
methane organic gases, carbon monoxide, particulate matter, carbon dioxide, methane, 
formaldehyde, oxides of nitrogen, or nitrous oxide, including, but not limited to, battery electric 
vehicles (“BEV”) and fuel cell vehicles (“FEV”); 
2. An on-road plug-in hybrid electric vehicle (“PHEV”) with zero emission range greater than 35 
miles as measured on the federal Urban Dynamometer Driving Schedule (“UDDS”) in the case of 
passenger cars, light duty vehicles and light duty trucks, and 10 miles as measured on the 
federal UDDS in the case of medium- and heavy-duty vehicles; or 
3. An on-road heavy-duty vehicle with an electric powered takeoff. 

 
78 National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
ZEVs do not include: zero emission off-road equipment and vehicles; zero emission light rail; 
additions to transit bus fleets utilizing existing catenary electric power; or any vehicle not capable of 
being licensed for use on public roads.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/assets/pdf/Cycle 2 California ZEV Investment Plan.3e6ce81a.pdf

1 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
California ZEV Investment Plan: 
Cycle 2 
Public Version – October 3, 2018 
 

2 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 
Table of Contents 
List of Acronyms ........................................................................................................................................... 3 
Executive Summary ...................................................................................................................................... 4 
1. Introduction ........................................................................................................................................ 12 
2. Outreach Efforts and Key Learnings .................................................................................................. 18 
3. Infrastructure Investments ................................................................................................................ 34 
4. Public Education, Awareness, and Marketing Activities ................................................................... 67 
5. Green City ........................................................................................................................................... 78 
6. Community Impacts ........................................................................................................................... 80 
7. Closing ................................................................................................................................................. 83 
Sources Cited .............................................................................................................................................. 84 
Appendix ..................................................................................................................................................... 89 
1. Certification of Activities .................................................................................................................... 89 
2. Memberships and Sponsorships ........................................................................................................ 90 
3. ZEV glossary ........................................................................................................................................ 91 
 
 
 

3 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
List of Acronyms 
Please note – further definition of select terms found in the Glossary in Appendix 3. 
 
BEV Battery Electric Vehicle 
CBO Community-based Organization 
CCS Combined Charging System 
CRM Customer Relations Management 
DAC/LIC Disadvantaged Communities/Low-income Communities 
DCFC Direct Current Fast Charge 
DVMT Daily Vehicle Miles Traveled 
EV Electric Vehicle 
EVSE Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment 
FCEV Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle 
ICE Internal Combustion Engine 
kWh Kilowatt-hour 
L2 Level 2 Charging Station 
MSA Metropolitan Statistical Area 
MUD Multiunit Dwelling 
MWh Megawatt-hour 
OCPI Open Charge Point Interface 
OCPP Open Charge Point Protocol 
OEM Original Equipment Manufacturer 
OOH Out of Home 
PEV Plug-in Electric Vehicle (BEV or PHEV) 
PHEV Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicle 
RFI Request for Information 
RFP Request for Proposal 
TNC Transportation Networking Company 
VMT Vehicle Miles Traveled 
ZEV Zero Emission Vehicle 

4 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Executive Summary 
Electrify America is pleased to present this California Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) Investment 
Plan for its second cycle of ZEV infrastructure, education and awareness, and access investments in the 
State of California. As required by Appendix C to the 2.0-Liter Partial Consent Decree entered by the 
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California on October 25, 2016, Volkswagen Group of 
America is investing $800 million over 10 years to support the increased adoption of ZEV technology in 
California. This investment represents the largest commitment of its kind to date. Following many 
months of collaboration with the California Air Resources Board (CARB), this plan defines the 
investments to be made or targeted in Cycle 2, from July 2019 through December 2021. 
This ZEV Investment Plan is the culmination of nearly a year’s worth of research, analysis, and 
outreach efforts led by a new dedicated infrastructure planning team. Electrify America has extensively 
sought to engage stakeholders throughout the ZEV community in defining this plan, through in-person 
meetings, hundreds of phone calls, community conversations, webinars, and a web-based 
comment/submission forum. Each touchpoint yielded new ideas and recommendations for the 
investment, many of which complemented our own internal thinking. Electrify America has thoroughly 
analyzed each opportunity for its impact on ZEV adoption, and its value as an investment to help 
Electrify America build toward a sustainable business. The response to our outreach has been inspiring. 
It demonstrates the real commitment the ZEV community has to our shared mission and this 
transformational opportunity to drive long-term ZEV adoption. We are deeply grateful to all those who 
have been a part of this effort. 
Electrify America’s Cycle 2 investments center on two core areas: ZEV Fueling Infrastructure and 
ZEV Education, Awareness, and Marketing. In addition, Electrify America will continue Access efforts in 
Sacramento under the Green City Initiative. 
Consistent with the guidance of CARB, Electrify America will strive to ensure that 35% of Cycle 2 
investments are in low-income and disadvantaged communities.1 
 
 
1 Electrify America uses definitions for low-income and disadvantaged communities established by the State of 
California, which are published and mapped by CARB on its “Disadvantaged and Low -income Communities 
Investments” webpage: https://www.arb.ca.gov/cc/capandtrade/auctionproceeds/communityinvestments.htm . 

5 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Figure 1: Overview of Cycle 2 Investments 
 
 
Fueling Infrastructure (~$153 million) 
In Cycle 2, Electrify America will invest approximately $153 million in fueling infrastructure for 
EVs across a broad set of use cases already established in Cycle 1 or newly developed for Cycle 2. 
Infrastructure cost ranges are Electrify America’s best estimates of projected costs, given uncertainties 
related to hardware, construction, and operations costs. 
 Metro Community Charging ($95 - $115 million): The major focus of infrastructure investment 
in Cycle 2 is charging within metro areas, where research show that EV drivers charge most 
often. Electrify America will invest in metro-based direct current fast charging (DCFC) stations in 
nine California metro areas. These metro areas are expected to account for 89% of expected 
battery electric vehicles (BEVs) in operation in California through 2022 (Navigant, 2017). Metro 
DCFC stations will be placed in retail locations throughout a metro region and are intended to 
serve EV drivers’ daily fueling needs. Select DCFC stations will also be targeted at customers 
living in multiunit dwellings (MUDs), expanding access to drivers who reside in such 
communities. Finally, Electrify America will invest in DCFC stations specifically designed to serve 
shared mobility drivers (car share, taxis, and transportation networking company (TNC) drivers) 
to ensure that these high mileage drivers and passengers are able to enjoy the benefits of ZEV 
adoption conveniently and cost effectively. Creditable operating expenses associated with 
metro charging are forecasted to be approximately $24 million of the total spend in this 
category. 
 


6 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 Highways and Regional Routes ($25 – $30 million): Cycle 2 investments will build upon Cycle 1 
efforts to develop a highway network of ultra-fast DCFC stations. This will include building new 
sites connecting regional destinations and filling in existing routes as station utilization of the 
highway network increases. Creditable operating expenses associated with highway charging 
are forecasted to be approximately $11 million of the total spend in this category. 
 
 Residential ($8 - $12 million): The primary, most convenient, and cost efficient fueling option 
for many drivers is residential charging. The Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy 
(EERE) at the Department of Energy (2018) reports that EV drivers conduct “more than 80% of 
their charging at home.” However, the cost and complexity of installing home charging can be a 
barrier to adoption for some buyers, especially low-income and disadvantaged drivers. To 
address this need, Electrify America will develop a number of residential solutions. First, 
Electrify America will develop an online tool that promotes and connects EV buyers with the 
wide range of residential charging incentives and rebates already available in California, and 
consolidates the process of applying for these programs. Electrify America plans to integrate its 
tool with the ‘One-Stop-Shop’ tool for low-income car buyers that will soon be built as a result 
of funds provided by Volkswagen to address barriers to ZEV adoption in low-income 
communities. Together these offerings will provide customers support throughout the entire 
purchase process. In addition, Electrify America will offer ‘no-money-down’ residential chargers 
and installation, enabling buyers who cannot or choose not to pay for the Level 2 (L2) charger up 
front to repay the cost over time. Finally, Electrify America will develop a demand response 
platform to allow drivers with a home charger to earn financial rewards for plugging in and 
supporting grid stability. Together, Electrify America believes these programs will help reduce 
both the costs and the complexity of home charging and further catalyze EV adoption. 
 
 Bus and Shuttle Charging ($4 - $6 million): Electrification of buses and shuttles presents an 
opportunity to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions. According to the National 
Academy of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine (2018), “life cycle global warming emissions [of 
battery electric buses] are almost 75% less than CNG and diesel buses.” To help spur adoption 
in this sector, Electrify America plans to install dedicated infrastructure at depots, layover 
points, and on key routes for these vehicles in collaboration with transit providers. Of note, this 
approach offers another means of serving disadvantaged and low-income populations who 
cannot afford to buy or lease new or used EVs. 
 
 Rural Community Charging (~$2 million): Several California National Outreach submissions 
noted the importance of including a rural strategy in our Cycle 2 plan. For example, the Fresno 
County Rural Transit Agency stated: “Electrify America should acknowledge and prioritize rural 
communities that have great potential for community charging investment.” Comments like 
these complement those heard during in-person meetings with community-based and other 
rural organizations, which expressed specific needs for support. While Electrify America’s 
highway and regional route investments will provide connectivity and support to rural 
communities, Electrify America plans to further support the adoption of ZEVs in these 
communities by deploying L2 chargers in rural areas, with a potential focus on healthcare 
facilities and educational institutions. This will be an initial investment that explores the 

7 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
commercial viability of rural-based L2 charging. Should the results prove beneficial to drivers 
and present a positive, longer-term business case, Electrify America may undertake further rural 
L2 investments in future cycles. 
 
 Autonomous Vehicle Charging ($2 - $4 million): Innovative and disruptive mobility alternatives, 
specifically driverless/autonomous vehicles, have the potential to bring many benefits to society 
including significant reductions in traffic congestion and vehicle emissions (Fagnant & 
Kockelman, 2015; Anderson et al., 2016). However, autonomous zero-emission vehicles require 
unique fueling solutions. To meet the emerging need presented by autonomous ZEVs, Electrify 
America plans to build two commercial autonomous electric vehicle fueling stations. 
 
 Renewable Generation: To provide clean and financially sustainable power to stations in Cycle 
2, Electrify America will explore installing renewable generation where cost effective. These 
costs are related to station infrastructure and as such are included in the aforementioned cost 
estimates. In aggregate, investments in renewable generation are not expected to exceed $5 
million. 
Electrify America notes that the estimated budgets represent a good faith estimate of Cycle 2 
costs. Given uncertainties regarding both capital and operating costs, it is possible that total costs may 
exceed or fall below targeted levels. In the event that costs fall below targets, Electrify America will 
deploy additional investments in approved use cases to meet The Appendix C ZEV Investment 
Commitment. If costs exceed budget forecasts, the number of infrastructure investments will be 
reduced by a commensurate amount. In addition, given the early stage of partner discussions, 
availability of site locations, and/or the technology itself (e.g. autonomous), each new use case involves 
a level of uncertainty in both cost and operational feasibility. Should investment targets in any new use 
case be unachievable due to practical considerations, the allocated funds will be redeployed into one or 
more of the other approved use cases to ensure the total investment fulfills Appendix C requirements. 
Table 1: Infrastructure Investment Overview 
Use Case Projected Technology Estimated Spend ($M)1 
Metro Community Charging 150 kW DCFC $95 - $115 
Highways and Regional Routes 150 kW / 350 kW DCFC $25 - $30 
Residential L2 $8 - $12 
Buses 50 kW / 150 kW DCFC $4 - $6 
Rural L2 ~$2 
Autonomous TBD $2 - $4 
TOTAL ~$153 
1 Costs include creditable operating expenses and on site storage where appropriate. 
 
 

8 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Electrify America believes the investments described in Table 1 address the use cases and 
locations where ZEV drivers need infrastructure most, while also contributing to a sustainable long-term 
business for Electrify America and further improvement to California air quality. The investments are 
projected to roll out along the following timeline in Table 2. 
Table 2: Cycle 2 California Preliminary Infrastructure Deployment Schedule – All Sites 
Cycle 2 Infrastructure Investments1 
Quarter Pre-site selection In development Operational 
Q4 2019 1,910 – 2,585 675 - 840 5 - 10 
Q2 2020 1,295 – 1,720 665 - 840 630 - 875 
Q4 2020 620 - 885 665 - 840 1,305 – 1,710 
Q2 2021 0 - 0 665 - 840 1,925 – 2,595 
Q4 2021 0 - 0 0 - 0 2,610 – 3,460 
1 Excludes Bus and Shuttle Chargers, see section 3.8 Infrastructure Investme nt Timeline and Milestones for detail. 
 
Public Education, Awareness and Marketing Activities 
Electrify America will engage in two distinctive and differentiated campaigns, targeting two 
distinct goals: (1) a brand-neutral campaign to drive ZEV adoption; and (2) a branded media campaign 
intended to drive station utilization. 
 
Boosting ZEV Adoption through Education and Awareness (~$17 million) 
Electrify America will invest approximately $17 million in brand-neutral education, awareness, 
and outreach activities to boost adoption of plug-in electric and fuel cell electric vehicles from across the 
marketplace. 
Recent academic research shows that mass-market ZEV adoption has been significantly limited 
by low awareness. For example, Strategic Vision’s 2016 New Vehicle Experience Study found that just 
48% of new car buyers in California and 41% of national buyers have ever heard of a ZEV. A UC Davis 
GreenLight blogpost by Ken Kurani and Scott Hardman entitled, “Automakers and Policymakers May Be 
on a Path to Electric Vehicles; Consumers Aren’t,” echoes this finding, showing that consideration of 
plug-in electric vehicles changed little from 2014 to 2017. During the initial phases of Cycle 2, efforts will 
primarily focus on increasing awareness and consideration of ZEVs by informing the public of ZEV 
benefits. This will likely take the form of traditional media advertising, similar to Electrify America’s 
Cycle 1 Jetstones TV/radio campaign, but it will also include other proven awareness building activities, 
such as partnerships and digital activations. After ZEV awareness has been boosted by Electrify 
America’s campaign, awareness initiatives from Veloz and others, and the introduction of new ZEV 
models, Electrify America will shift focus to encouraging customers to research ZEVs and test drive the 
vehicles. Accordingly, our marketing and media tactics will shift to more targeted digital media 
interactions such as paid search and web banners as these tactics traditionally perform well given 
minimum levels of consumer awareness. 
Given the still prevailing lack of ZEV awareness in California, the largest portion of the Cycle 2 
budget will go toward traditional media, with TV, radio and Out of Home (i.e., billboards) accounting for 

9 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
approximately $6 million of spending. Digital advertising will account for another approximately $5 
million of the budget. To complement these efforts, Electrify America is also planning to spend 
approximately $3 to $4 million on a range of alternative tactics to provide audiences additional touch 
points with ZEVs. These tactics may include collaborating with key social media influencers such as 
bloggers to promote positive aspects of ZEVs; supporting ZEV experience centers with educational 
materials; and offering STEM educational programs about ZEVs and charging infrastructure for K-12, 
vocational schools, professional development, and community colleges. Electrify America will sponsor 
‘Discover and Drive’ events to give consumers an opportunity to experience the thrill of driving a ZEV. 
And Electrify America will continue to collaborate with organizations that are consumer-oriented and 
create content/events/test drives to promote ZEV adoption. 
 To build awareness in low-income and disadvantaged communities, Electrify America will 
dedicate $2 to $3 million in Cycle 2 to support programs to build awareness of ZEVs offered by 
organizations with a track record of particular credibility and effectiveness in low-income and 
disadvantaged communities. In addition, as in Cycle 1, Electrify America will strive to ensure that 35% of 
education and awareness media investments target low-income and disadvantaged communities. 
Finally, Electrify America may choose to divert a portion of the Cycle 2 35% media allocation to increase 
funding of programs run by local entities depending on the results of these types of investments in Cycle 
1. 
 
Boosting Station Utilization through Marketing (~$10 million) 
Electrify America will also invest in driving utilization of its charging network through branded 
events, promotions, and marketing. As outlined in Appendix C of the Partial Consent Decree, Electrify 
America must target utilization to demonstrate its investments are “addressing an existing need or 
supporting a reasonably anticipated need.” National Renewable Energy Laboratory’s 2017 ‘Consumer 
Views on Plug-in Electric Vehicles – National Benchmark Report’ highlights the challenge, finding that a 
large majority (~80%) of survey respondents were not aware of any charging stations, including at places 
they passed regularly, worked at, or frequented. To meet this utilization goal, Electrify America plans to 
spend approximately $10 million to generate awareness of its ZEV charging infrastructure footprint and 
drive station utilization. These activities will use Electrify America branding as necessary, but will not 
feature or favor Volkswagen Group of America vehicles. 
Electrify America’s marketing efforts will highlight four primary benefits for EV drivers: 
 Locations: Convenient charging locations in major metropolitan areas and on national and 
regional highways; 
 Speed: High-powered charging speeds, offering consumers a convenient charging experience 
(up to 350kW, providing 200 miles of range in as little as 10 minutes); 
 Affordability: Fairly priced and competitive fueling across the network, including subscription 
plans and charging bundles provided by automotive manufacturers; and 
 Customer-centricity: Infrastructure designed considering the consumer experience first, 
including locations near retail and amenities and credit card access at all DCFC stations. 

10 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
The largest portion (approximately $5 million) of this branded campaign budget will be 
dedicated to digital advertising. These efforts will be targeted toward those specific groups most likely 
to be able to utilize the Electrify America charging network, including new and used EV buyers, EV 
customers graduating out of automotive manufacturer provided charging bundles, EV driver club 
members, and prospective EV buyers/researchers. Electrify America will use digital tools to reach these 
prospects and deliver the right message (e.g., promotion of closest EV charging location) at the right 
time (e.g., when someone is searching for an EV charger). 
The remaining ~$5 million will be used for complementary messaging tactics. These 
investments may include working with established media outlets to sponsor editorial content about 
DCFC charging infrastructure; leveraging customer relations management tools to keep our customers 
and prospects informed of new charger installations; funding memberships or sponsorships; supporting 
key industry events; and supporting signage along roadways to identify Electrify America charging sites. 
 
Green City 
 Leveraging the $44 million investment from Cycle 1, Electrify America will continue to provide 
operational support and strategic guidance for the Green City Initiative in Sacramento, and the services 
created as a result of Electrify America’s Cycle 1 investment will be operated by vendors during the full 
length of Cycle 2. This initiative, which includes two ZEV car-share programs, two BEV bus/shuttle 
services, and substantial investments in associated charging infrastructure, will showcase emerging uses 
of ZEV technology and promote increased ZEV usage (i.e. “access”) across many channels. In particular, 
these efforts will help to serve low-income or disadvantaged communities. More than 70% of the 
service territory for the GIG Car Share service (a wholly owned subsidiary of AAA) is in low-income or 
disadvantaged communities, and 75% of the communities served by the Envoy car-share program will 
be low-income or disadvantaged. Similarly, the Sacramento Regional Transit EV micro-shuttle service 
will operate in territories that are 90% low-income or disadvantaged. While these programs are funded 
in Cycle 1, the services -- and benefits -- of this $44 million investment will launch and become fully 
operational during Cycle 2. Electrify America will provide strategic guidance and operational support for 
these services over the course of Cycle 2. 
 In addition to serving the community of Sacramento, the Green City Initiative provides a 
significant learning opportunity for Electrify America and the entire ZEV community. The two car-
sharing services will provide insights on how best to operate an electric car-sharing service, including 
how to provide education for drivers who may never have driven or charged an EV. The two services are 
also sufficiently distinct to allow Electrify America to compare and contrast different service models for 
electric car-sharing. The bus and shuttle services offer similar insights, including how to manage fueling 
for an EV bus fleet and help ensure maximum uptime of buses while managing fueling costs. 
Collectively, these insights and learnings will be instrumental in designing Electrify America’s next Green 
City investment in Cycle 3 or 4. 
Conclusion 
Electrify America’s Cycle 2 planned investments are summarized below (see Table 3). The Cycle 
2 budget focuses even more investment on DC fast charging in metro areas, where data demonstrates 

11 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
that the need for investment is extraordinary. The budget also continues to grow the network of 
highway stations started in Cycle 1. Finally, it is noteworthy given the effort to cultivate new use cases 
with promising current or future potential for ZEV adoption. 
Table 3 Cycle 2 Budget Breakdown 
Category Estimated 
Budget ($M)1 
Infrastructure ~$153 
Metro Community Charging $95 - $115 
Highways and Regional Routes $25 - $30 
Residential $8 - $12 
Bus and Shuttle Charging $4 - $6 
Rural Level 2 ~$2 
Autonomous Vehicle Charging $2 - $4 
Brand-Neutral Efforts to Boost ZEV Adoption ~$17 
Electrify America Efforts to Drive Station Utilization ~$10 
Electrify America Business Operation & Organization2 $20 
TOTAL $200 
1 Costs include creditable operating expenses and on site storage where appropriate. 
2 According section 5.1 of Appendix C-1 of the Partial Consent Decree, Electrify America is 
permitted to spend 10% of the total budget on these costs. 
 
At the end of Cycle 2, Electrify America will have invested its first $400 million in infrastructure, 
education, awareness, and access initiatives across California – achieving a key ‘half way point’ 
milestone in its 10 year commitment to accelerate ZEV adoption for all drivers. We hope that our 
investments, as well as outreach and collaboration, serve as a ‘rising tide that lifts all boats’ for ZEV 
stakeholders in the public and private sectors, creating benefits for drivers, car companies, utilities, 
charging infrastructure suppliers, and the construction trades. 
We take our planning, development and deployment work seriously and recognize that the 
greater supplies and types of zero emission vehicles coming to market from a variety of car companies 
(established over 100 years ago or new to market) can only be fully leveraged with commensurate 
infrastructure and initiatives related to awareness, education, and access. The entire staff at Electrify 
America understands that we have an important, unique, and transformational opportunity to bring the 
United States into the age of electric cars. 
The future can be brighter for drivers, air quality, fossil fuel independence, and reduced 
congestion thanks to zero emission transportation. Electrify America is honored to be a part of this 
important mission, and we are committed to restoring public trust. 
 

12 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
1. Introduction 
1.1. Background 
As agreed to in Appendix C to the 2.0-Liter Partial Consent Decree entered by the U.S. District 
Court for the Northern District of California on October 25, 2016, Volkswagen Group of America is 
investing $2 billion over 10 years in zero emission vehicle infrastructure, education and awareness, and 
access efforts to support the increased adoption of ZEV technology in the United States. 
Volkswagen Group of America created Electrify America LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary 
headquartered in Reston, Virginia, to fulfill the ZEV Investment Commitment in Appendix C. The 
company has grown to more than 65 full-time employees with a diversity of backgrounds in automotive, 
utilities, EV infrastructure, technology, construction, and state and federal government and has recently 
opened its second office in California. All employees share a passion for helping transform and electrify 
the transportation sector through investments to grow the market for all zero emission drivers and 
stakeholders. 
Of the overall $2 billion commitment, $800 million will be spent in California in $200 million 
increments over four 30-month cycles. This report describes the $200 million of investment that will be 
made in the second 30-month cycle in California. The Cycle 2 period is from Q3 2019 through Q4 2021 
(see Table 4). 
Table 4: Investment Cycles 
 Cycle 1 (Q1 2017 
– Q2 2019) 
Cycle 2 (Q3 2019 
– Q4 2021) 
Cycle 3 (Q1 2022 
– Q2 2024) 
Cycle 4 (Q3 2024 
– Q4 2026) 
Full 10 years 
California 
Plan $200M $200M $200M $200M $800M 
 
The Partial Consent Decree defines those investments that qualify toward Electrify America’s 
commitment. Infrastructure investments “should support and advance the use of ZEVs in the United 
States by addressing an existing need or supporting a reasonably anticipated need.” Brand-neutral 
education investment “builds or increases public awareness of ZEVs.” And access investments “increase 
public exposure and/or access to ZEVs without requiring the consumer to purchase or lease a ZEV at full 
market value.” Infrastructure investments outlined in this plan must meet Appendix C’s threshold for 
qualification, including expectations that infrastructure address an existing or reasonably anticipated 
need. 
This document, which is certified by Electrify America leadership consistent with Partial Consent 
Decree requirements in Appendix 1, outlines Electrify America’s plan for the second cycle of investment. 
Electrify America’s mission continues to be: 
 Making it easier for millions of drivers to fuel their ZEVs through economically sustainable 
investments, and 
 Promoting sustained ZEV adoption and station utilization through education, awareness, 
outreach, and access programs 

13 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
1.2. Investment Plan Overview 
This Cycle 2 California ZEV Investment Plan is a comprehensive presentation of Electrify 
America’s Cycle 2 investments, along with supporting documentation as to why each investment meets 
the Partial Consent Decree’s requirements for investment. Chapter 1 contains background information, 
Electrify America’s approach to its Cycle 2 California ZEV Investment Plan, and its commitments to low-
income and disadvantaged communities of California. Chapter 2 details Electrify America’s outreach 
efforts to stakeholders throughout the ZEV industry, including specific efforts through the National 
Outreach website. It also includes the key learnings Electrify America has taken from these efforts that 
shaped the Cycle 2 plan for California. Chapter 3 lays out Electrify America’s infrastructure investment 
plan, including the use cases selected, investment methodology, and use case specific details. Chapter 4 
addresses investments in education, awareness, and marketing efforts to increase ZEV adoption and 
boost station utilization. Chapter 5 discusses Electrify America’s ongoing commitment to the Green City 
Initiative and access investments in Sacramento. Finally, Chapter 6 highlights Electrify America’s impact 
on our local communities. 
Electrify America’s Cycle 2 investment represents a continuation of the largest single investment 
in non-proprietary ZEV fueling and education in U.S. history. The second cycle will dramatically expand 
ZEV fueling options across the country and support education, awareness, and ultimately, adoption by 
millions of drivers for years to come. The investment will also enable electrification of carbon intensive 
sectors of transportation, including shared mobility and transit buses. Overall, it presents a substantial 
step toward transportation electrification, and the associated benefits of clean air and fossil fuel 
independence. 

14 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
1.3. Cycle 2 Approach 
Electrify America believes each new 
investment cycle offers the opportunity to 
evaluate new information, revisit past 
assumptions, and consider new ideas and 
feedback in the planning process. As such, 
three core principles guided the approach to 
Cycle 2 planning: (1) Start from the 
fundamentals; (2) Engage external 
stakeholders; and (3) Emphasize real world 
inputs. 
Electrify America began its Cycle 2 planning efforts over a year ago by initiating a re-examination 
of the fundamentals of ZEV adoption and the ZEV fueling business. This analysis included updated 
vehicle sales forecasts for battery electric vehicles (BEVs), plug-in hybrid vehicles (PHEVs), and fuel cell 
electric vehicles (FCEVs), and reviewing the fueling characteristics of ZEVs scheduled for release up 
through 2022. This involved an analysis of automotive original equipment manufacturer (OEM) public 
announcements regarding vehicle types and range, charging connectors, and charging speeds (DC power 
levels). In addition, Electrify America examined fueling patterns of today’s ZEV fleet, with close 
consideration for the subset of vehicles that more closely reflect the next generation of vehicles coming 
to market, which are expected to have larger batteries, longer ranges, and faster charging speeds. In 
conducting this analysis, Electrify America frequently conferred with academic experts at our nation’s 
national laboratories, universities, and research institutions. 
In parallel, Electrify America actively engaged with public and private sector stakeholders 
throughout the ZEV ecosystem to understand how ZEV investments can have the highest impact on 
adoption and maximize infrastructure utilization. These hundreds of inputs included conversations with 
car manufacturers on the technical features of the next generation of vehicles, collaborations with 
academics on infrastructure siting best practices and recent trends in ZEV awareness, and discussions 
with advocacy groups and non-profits on how to drive ZEV adoption in local communities. In addition, 
Electrify America solicited input and feedback from federal agencies; state, local, and tribal 
governments; and across the industry through its National Outreach website. The guidance from over 
700 inputs submitted online, along with subsequent follow-up conversations by Electrify America staff 
with submitters, has meaningfully informed and confirmed Electrify America’s investment plan and 
specific strategies for Cycle 2. 
As a data driven company, Electrify America has focused on leveraging real-world data and 
evidence to inform decision-making and improve investment targeting. Data on utilization of existing 
fueling stations, vehicle sales, local travel patterns, demographics of EV purchasers, and utility rates and 
programs all guided the selection of Cycle 2 investments. For infrastructure investments, particular 
emphasis was placed on building a data-backed business case to ensure that all investments are 
sustainable beyond the end of the Partial Consent Decree. For marketing, education and awareness, 
and access investments, the focus was on identifying and prioritizing investments with the largest 
impact on ZEV awareness and adoption. 
Figure 2: Cycle 2 Approach 


15 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Additional details on the insights and findings pertinent to these three investments can be found 
in Chapter 2: Outreach Efforts and Key Learnings. 

16 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
1.4. Low-Income and Disadvantaged Communities 
Electrify America intends to make investments that benefit all Californians. The ZEV Investment 
Commitment requirements in Appendix C of the 2.0 Liter Partial Consent Decree do not include a goal of 
benefiting any specific community, but Electrify America has received input from CARB and advocacy 
groups urging investment in California’s low-income, disadvantaged, and underserved communities. A 
letter from 12 groups representing environmental, environmental justice, equity, and Central Valley air 
quality interests reiterated their request that Electrify America continue to strive to ensure investment 
in disadvantaged or low-income communities during Cycle 2. Electrify America is committed to making 
business-driven investments that help the state of California meet environmental goals and other 
priorities. 
Within infrastructure, Electrify America will strive to ensure 35% of investments in California are 
in low-income or disadvantaged communities. Specific efforts toward this goal include: 
 Making low-income and disadvantaged communities one of the criteria for site selection for all 
charging stations; 
 Selecting three metro areas with high concentrations of low-income and disadvantaged areas - 
Fresno (69%), Riverside-San Bernardino (52%), Santa Cruz (54%) – in which to concentrate 
community-based investments; 
 Within these selected communities, Electrify America will build stations to meet the needs of 
residents of multiunit dwellings (MUD), and will invest to meet the fueling needs and lower fuel 
costs for shared mobility (Taxi, TNC) drivers, a disproportionately low-income population; 
 Electrify America will also invest in EV charging stations in specific rural areas of the Central, 
Imperial, and Coachella Valleys which have higher proportions of low-income and disadvantaged 
communities; and 
 Electrify America will reduce the cost of ZEV ownership for low-income and disadvantaged 
drivers by offering no-money down home charging equipment and developing a tool to connect 
these drivers with the many existing forms of financial support (e.g., utility rebates, AQMD 
funding) to “go electric.” 
Electrify America will also strive to ensure that 35% of brand-neutral education, awareness, and 
outreach investments in California are in or target low-income and disadvantaged communities. The 
majority of spend in these categories is dedicated to mass media programming, and Electrify America 
will target these campaigns (e.g., TV, radio, billboards, digital ads) toward low-income or disadvantaged 
census tracts or ZIP codes. Electrify America has also dedicated approximately $2 to $3 million of Cycle 
2 funds to supporting the programs of local entities with particular credibility and success in low-income 
or disadvantaged communities. Together with these entities, Electrify America will develop information 
and campaign tools highlighting the incentives available for low-income and disadvantaged community 
residents. Similar to Cycle 1, Electrify America will conduct ‘Discover and Drive’ events in low-income 
and disadvantaged communities to boost awareness and enable residents to feel the thrill of driving a 
ZEV. 
Electrify America continues to work as a good corporate citizen with these communities. 
Electrify America’s California Cycle 2 efforts are expected to support up to 1,500 jobs, many of which are 

17 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
blue-collar jobs (Department of Transportation, Council of Economic Advisors).2 Electrify America is an 
active member of the Clean Energy Access Working Group, launched by Southern California Edison and 
The Greenlining Institute, to develop community-centric solutions for healthy air and environment, to 
identify barriers to ZEV adoption in low-income and disadvantaged communities, and to explore viable 
solutions to these barriers. The Working Group harnesses environmental, faith-based, and community 
groups to inform members of the public vulnerable to the adverse effects of pollution, which include 
disadvantaged and low-income communities. The organization highlights the benefits of adopting clean 
technologies, such as electric vehicles, as pathways to improve the air quality in and around their 
communities. Electrify America is also a board member of Veloz, a California-based non-profit dedicated 
to reducing barriers to electric vehicle adoption for all Californians. Finally, as part of its normal course 
of business, Electrify America actively engages stakeholders in low-income and disadvantaged 
communities through in-person meetings and listening sessions. 
Finally, as we build a new company, Electrify America’s leadership is committed to establishing a 
diverse, open, and engaging workplace and to attracting a vendor pool that is both exceptionally skilled 
and highly diverse. Electrify America will take a number of concrete efforts to demonstrate that 
commitment in Cycle 2, and will continue to engage vendors on this effort and report results. 
Electrify America believes these investments, alongside the efforts of dozens of state and local 
ZEV stakeholders, will help educate residents of low-income and disadvantaged communities on ZEVs 
and encourage ZEV adoption. Additional details on each aspect of this low-income and disadvantaged 
community engagement strategy can be found in the respective chapters of this ZEV Investment Plan. 
 
 
 
2 The Council of Economic Advisors estimates that every $1 billion in federal highway and transit investment would 
support 13,000 jobs. This total count includes direct, indirect, and induced jobs. The estimate here is for the 
number of jobs created by infrastructure investments, and it does not include jobs created through education, 
awareness, and outreach or Electrify America overhead. The estimate assumes that ZEV investments create a 
similar number of job-hours per dollar spent as highway and transit investments. 

18 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
2. Outreach Efforts and Key Learnings 
Electrify America strongly believes that success in driving ZEV adoption will come from 
collaboration with the entire landscape of ZEV stakeholders including automotive companies, 
infrastructure suppliers, utilities, state and local governments, academics, interest groups, and 
beyond. As such, over the last 12 months our team has spent hundreds of hours and traveled 
extensively to engage stakeholders in the ZEV community to seek insights on industry trends 
and customer behaviors, ideas for new business concepts, to understand evolving policies and 
utility programs, and to collaborate with others on investment opportunities as part of a 
comprehensive approach laid out in our National Outreach Process. These engagements have 
taken many forms, including briefings with leaders in our Cycle 1 metropolitan areas, 
community conversations with local constituencies, workshops, webinars, and consultations 
with academic experts. Electrify America is grateful to all those who have taken the time to 
engage with the company in this process. 
Figure 3: Stakeholder Engagement Efforts 
 
In addition to the aforementioned efforts, and consistent with Electrify America’s commitment 
to engage in outreach as part of its investment planning process, Electrify America issued a second call 
for comments, data, and recommendations to inform decisions regarding Cycle 2 investments in ZEV 
infrastructure, education and awareness, and access programs. The request for input through the 
National Outreach website launched in January 2018 provided an opportunity for governments, 
organizations, and others to provide input for Electrify America to update analytical models, evaluate 
new technology and public policy developments, track evolving consumer expectations, and explore the 
value of new allowable ZEV Investments. To aid in drafting the Cycle 2 ZEV Investment Plans, Electrify 
America specifically sought the following types of input: 


19 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 Suggestions and Data Relevant to Cycle 2 Investments – Inputs from governments or 
organizations that are helpful to the decision-making process, including data to help locate 
charging stations, ZEV infrastructure plans for individual communities, and information 
regarding state and local policies designed to increase ZEV adoption; 
 Education and Access Suggestions – Suggestions on Electrify America’s approach to brand-
neutral education and access or specific events the company should consider for participation; 
 Specific Charging Site Locations – Site locations nominated for consideration in Cycle 2 
infrastructure investments; 
 Cycle 1 Comments and Feedback – Feedback on the Cycle 1 National and California ZEV 
Investment Plans, including approaches to metro selection, highways included, evaluation of use 
cases, and integration of new technology; and 
 Other – All other comments or submissions that relate directly to Electrify America’s ZEV 
Investment Commitment. 
As a part of this process, Electrify America received over 700 submissions, including 174 from 
California, each of which has been carefully reviewed and considered in developing our Cycle 2 plan. 
The following pages detail our outreach efforts and key learnings and insights from this process. 
 

20 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
2.1. Summary of National Outreach Effort 
In January 2018, Electrify America launched a 
page on its website for comments, proposals, data, 
and recommendations to help define Cycle 2 
investments. As of September 6, 2018, 727 
submissions were received through the online 
portal.3 Government entities made up 41% of 
submissions (Figure 4). Submissions came in from 45 
states and the District of Columbia (see Figure 5), 
with the largest number of submissions from the 
states of California (174 submissions) and 
Washington (148 submissions and over 970 site 
suggestions). 
Electrify America’s team reviewed and 
summarized every submission and assigned to 
internal working teams for a secondary review and 
follow-up by email or phone call. Electrify America 
spoke individually with more than 100 submitters, and every submitter was invited to a series of 
webinars during which findings and lessons learned were shared. 
Figure 5: Submissions by State 
 
 
3 The official period for submitting formal comments and suggestions regarding Elec trify America’s Cycle 2 ZEV 
Investment Plans was originally open from January 15 to March 1, 2018. However, Electrify America has kept the 
submissions page open and continued to review the submissions up to the week before this Plan was published. 
Figure 4: Overall Submissions by Institution Category 


21 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Electrify America received 
submissions from a variety of 
stakeholders, including state, county, 
and local governments, private 
companies (including electric utilities 
and charging providers), and individuals. 
(See Figure 6). 
In California, a total of 308 sites 
were suggested through 48 unique 
submissions (see Figure 7). 
 Looking across the broad range 
of submissions, a few major trends were 
clear (see Figure 8). First, submitters 
cited a need for more DCFC stations, 
both in metro areas and on highways. 
Within metros, they noted a need for 
strategically placed DCFC infrastructure 
that can serve multiple use cases, 
including commuters and people 
without home charging options. A 
major American automaker suggested 
specifically focusing on the needs of 
DCFC for urban core customers such as 
taxi/TNC services which require charging 
near hotels, airports, and convention 
centers. Submitters commented that 
highway stations are also essential, 
suggesting that a highway network will 
help reduce or eliminate range anxiety. 
For example, the City of San Jose shared 
that range anxiety and insufficient public 
charging infrastructure are key barriers 
to achieving the City’s ZEV goals. 
Nearly 50 submissions noted 
charging in multiunit dwellings (MUDs) 
as a priority focus, including 10 in 
California. However, commenters cited 
divergent strategies to address the MUD 
market, which suggests there is no single best solution for this use case. Some submissions 
recommended strategies for L2 installations in MUDs, including focusing on larger MUDs or new 
buildings to manage costs. New York City, on the other hand, suggested “[f]ast charge hubs overcome 
the barrier posed by lacking home charging access by establishing highly visible and centralized access 
points across the city where electric drivers can top up quickly and conveniently….” A similar 
Figure 6: Submissions by Stakeholder Category (California) 
Figure 7: Site Suggestions by County 


22 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
recommendation was put forward by 
UCLA’s Luskin Center in a recent paper 
on the barriers to EV charging in MUDs 
(Luskin, 2016). 
 While the vast majority of 
submissions were focused on EV 
infrastructure, three percent of 
submissions (17 total) mentioned 
hydrogen fueling infrastructure. Eight 
of these came from hydrogen advocacy 
organizations or companies in the 
hydrogen and/or fuel cell business. 
Five were from government agencies 
recommending deployment of 
hydrogen fueling infrastructure, and 
three were from government agencies 
supporting medium- and heavy-duty 
applications, including at their ports. 
One transit agency, San Diego Metro 
Transit System, noted interest in ZEV technology, to include either battery electric or hydrogen buses. 
 Finally, nearly 90 submissions discussed ZEV education, awareness, and access initiatives, 
including 50 from California. Many mentioned brand-neutral vehicle showcases and test drives 
(commonly known as ‘Discover and Drives’) as a way to help potential ZEV customers learn about the 
performance and environmental benefits of ZEVs. Some submissions mentioned using digital 
media/social media to spur ZEV adoption. For example, ZappyRide offered to collaborate with Electrify 
America to develop a web platform for prospective EV purchasers aimed at removing the most common 
obstacles to ZEV adoption. Nearly two dozen submissions mentioned job training or EV curriculum 
development for both ZEVs and ZEV infrastructure in the form of internships, job training, and career 
opportunities, particularly for youth. For example, Drive Electric Washington suggested Electrify 
America “support efforts to design curriculum to serve as a primer about electric cars for secondary 
students.” Similarly, the Mississippi State University Center for Advanced Vehicles Systems suggested 
educating a broad spectrum of individuals regarding ZEVs “which would include the American public 
along with specialized education programs developed for secondary, post-secondary, and engineering 
students.” 
 Overall, Electrify America’s National Outreach Effort was even more successful than our Cycle 1 
experience. It provided a deeper understanding of the infrastructure, education, and access priorities 
from state and local stakeholders, which have been incorporated alongside other insights captured 
below to shape the direction and tactics for this Cycle 2 California ZEV Investment Plan. 
 
Figure 8: Themes from National Outreach Responses 


23 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
2.2. Infrastructure Learnings and Insights 
Through the outreach process, Electrify America sought to understand four core questions 
related to ZEV infrastructure: 
 What types of ZEVs will dominate the future? 
 How will these ZEVs be used? 
 How will the ZEVs be fueled? 
 What infrastructure investments will have the greatest impact on low-income and 
disadvantaged communities? 
The answer to each of these questions has a major impact on the type and locations of infrastructure 
required and therefore has been used to guide Electrify America’s thinking on its Cycle 2 investments. 
What types of ZEVs will dominate the future? 
Based on all feedback received 
and analysis completed through planning 
Cycle 2, Electrify America believes long-
range BEVs will dominate the future both 
in California and nationally. As detailed in 
Figure 9, Navigant Research’s 2017 
forecast4 shows the coming decade of ZEV 
sales in California to be increasingly 
represented by BEVs as falling battery 
prices strengthen the economic 
advantage of BEVs over their PHEV and 
ICE counterparts. Complementing this 
analysis, Bloomberg New Energy Finance 
(O’Donovan, 2018) forecasts electric car 
battery prices will fall 54% by 2025 based 
on technology improvements and scaling 
associating with increased demand. In 
contrast to BEVs, Navigant Research 
forecasts hydrogen fuel cell EVs (FCEVs) will continue to be less than 3% of ZEV sales through 2026, and 
less than 1% of total vehicle sales in California (Navigant, 2017).5 
 Electrify America’s analysis of automotive manufacturer announcements for vehicles slated for 
release throughout the next five years indicates the clear trend of larger battery, longer range BEVs, 
with nearly all models planned for over 200 miles of range and some even surpassing 300 miles. These 
vehicles will also feature higher charging speeds, with most models projected to accept charging speeds 
 
4 Based on Navigant’s 2017 Base Case scenario. 
5 Navigant does not break out FCEV sales into state/metro areas. Based on discussions with Navigant and 
automotive OEMs, Electrify America assumes the majority of FCEVs forecasted by Navigant will be sold in 
California. 
Figure 9: Navigant California ZEV Sales Forecast ('000 vehicles) 


24 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
of 100 kW and above (see Figure 10). According to Strategic Vision research, “recharging time” is one of 
the top five reasons for BEV avoidance, and thus increasing power levels and charge speed are very 
important to ZEV adoption. Finally, a greater diversity of body styles and price points provide more 
consumer choice, and several new car companies6 have announced plans to bring all new designs, 
technologies, and customer experiences to market. 
Figure 10: Vehicle Launch Date vs Range and Fast Charge Power (Announcements as of Sept 2018) 
 
 
 
6 Including Faraday Future, Lucid, Byton, SF Motors, and Nio. 


25 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
In addition to BEV growth in 
the private use vehicle market, 
efforts by municipalities, taxi 
authorities, TNCs, and utilities 
indicate increased use of ZEVs in 
shared mobility in the near future. 
According to Schaller Consulting 
(Schaller, 2018), annual ridership for 
ride hail grew ~37% from 2016 to 
2017, and is projected to grow ~62% 
from 2017 to 2018 (see Figure 11). 
Despite a shrinking portion of 
ridership for taxis, these combined 
use cases are seeing dramatic growth 
and thus the high annual mileage of 
these vehicles presents a prime 
opportunity for electrification. 
National Outreach 
submissions also demonstrated an 
interest in shared mobility concepts 
such as ride hailing, ride sharing, and car sharing in more than 30 submissions, including more than 10 in 
California. Many cities and urban areas, including Los Angeles, Sacramento, San Jose, Washington D.C., 
Denver, the Twin Cities, Atlanta, King County (WA), Nashville, and Chattanooga noted that they are 
considering or actively pursuing EV car-sharing fleets. The City of Santa Monica shared its 2017 Electric 
Vehicle Action Plan which highlights EV car share and ride share as a way to "reduce carbon emissions 
and increase demand for charging….” The plan goes on to detail recent case studies from WaiveCar, 
ReachNow, Bollore Group, and ZipCar that already serve this space. 
Municipal buses also present a notable growth area for electrification, as many transit agencies 
and cities have either recently decided to adopt, or are considering transitioning to, electric buses. 
More than 35 submissions to Electrify America’s National Outreach website mentioned electric buses, 
including about a dozen from California. For example, the Metropolitan Transportation Commission and 
the Bay Area Air Quality Management District, in a joint submission, stated “we also reiterate our initial 
comments regarding the need to prioritize investments in medium-and heavy-duty zero emission 
vehicles – for both freight delivery and public transit vehicles.” For buses, the agencies cited the 
pollution reduction benefits and lower operating and maintenance costs as key reasons for the change, 
and municipalities cited Federal Transit Administration, CARB, and Volkswagen’s NOx Mitigation Trust 
Funds as the primary sources for their investments. 
 
Figure 11: Annual Ridership 


26 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
How will these ZEVs be used? 
Early data on 200+ mile, long-
range BEVs indicates that these vehicles 
are used by households quite differently 
than their shorter-range equivalents. 
First, buyers indicate long-range BEVs 
are frequently purchased as a 
replacement vehicle to an existing car in 
a household fleet (see Figure 12). 
Whereas short-range BEVs are often 
additive to a household’s fleet and seen 
solely as a commuter car, the coming 
200+ mile BEVs are expected to replace 
existing household vehicles and perform 
similar roles as an internal combustion 
engine (ICE) vehicle does today (New 
Vehicle Experience Study, 2017). 
Similarly, long-range BEVs are 
used on more 200+ mile trips than their 
short-range equivalents. Tesla Model S 
and X vehicles are used for over 60% of 
household trips that are over 200 miles 
compared to Nissan Leafs, which are 
used on fewer than 5% of long trips (see 
Figure 13) (Nicholas et al., 2017), 
although new longer range Leaf vehicles 
will likely reverse this trend. Electrify 
America expects the “EVs as primary use 
vehicles” trend to continue as more 
long-range BEVs become available and 
as the growing networks of fast charging 
stations enable this shift. 
Beyond EV growth in the private 
use and shared mobility segments, innovations like autonomous vehicles are expected to shift how 
future electric vehicles will be used. KMPG’s Autonomous Vehicles Readiness Index reports 
autonomous technology will “transform our lives, because it will mean for the first time in history, 
mobility freedom will be available for everyone, everywhere” (Threlfall et al, 2018). Numerous pilot 
deployments of autonomous vehicles are already taking place throughout California by a variety of 
technology and automotive companies. In fact, in May of 2018 the California Public Utilities Commission 
authorized transportation companies to begin piloting passenger service using autonomous vehicles 
(CPUC, 2018). 
Figure 13: Percentage of Household’s 200 Mile Trips Driven in PEV 
vs. ICE 
Figure 12: ZEV Purchase Reasons for Household Fleet 


27 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
How will ZEVs be fueled? 
According to “Three 
Revolutions” by Daniel Sperling (2018), 
“most EV owners depend on overnight 
charging at home and only secondarily 
on public and worksite charging.” In 
fact, the U.S. Department of Energy’s 
Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable 
Energy reports that EV drivers conduct 
“more than 80% of their charging at 
home.” The next largest segment of 
charging takes place at workplaces and 
at public L2s, and then – finally – at 
public DCFC stations (see Figure 14) 
(Nicholas & Tal, 2017). 
Home charging will support 
most individuals in single family homes, 
but multiunit dwellings (MUDs) have traditionally been difficult to outfit with charging infrastructure. 
According to DeShazo (2017), “MUD residents face a number of obstacles to installing electric vehicle 
service equipment (EVSE). Foremost is the variable and often high cost of EVSE installation at a MUD 
site. Additionally, the renter or owner exhibits a low to nonexistent investment motivation.” Electrify 
America anticipates that as EVs gain market share and penetrate larger portions of the overall 
population, public DCFC will become increasingly important for serving those MUD dwellers. 
Electrify America thoroughly investigated how hydrogen fuel cell vehicles are expected to be 
refueled in Cycle 2, as it explored investment opportunities in this space. Based on stakeholder and 
expert feedback, Electrify America anticipates that these vehicles will continue to be refueled at public 
stations, not in home, for the foreseeable future. The Department of Energy continues to support 
research and development of in-home hydrogen production and refueling. The Department recently 
awarded a $1 million prize to SimpleFuel for design of what may someday be a new garage appliance 
(Voelcker, 2017), although current estimates put the price of an in-home station as high as $250,000 for 
what would be considered a pre-commercial deployment (Blanco, 2017). In California, public hydrogen 
stations are being built rapidly as a result of AB 8, which requires the California Energy Commission to 
spend $20 million annually to fund public hydrogen station construction until certain deployment 
requirements are met,7 and Governor Brown’s January 2018 Executive Order which called for California 
to support construction of 200 stations. The California Energy Commission and CARB recently found in 
their joint “2018 Annual Evaluation of Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle Deployment & Hydrogen Fuel Station 
Network Development” that this additional support would be sufficient to meet the needs of hydrogen 
fuel cell vehicle drivers, writing: “due to the anticipated acceleration in hydrogen fueling network 
growth, sufficient fueling capacity and coverage should be available by 2025 to enable FCEV 
 
7 AB 8 requires funding be provided until the 100th station opens or until “the commission determines, in 
consultation with the state board (CARB), that the private sector is establis hing publicly available hydrogen-fueling 
stations without the need for government support.” 
Figure 14: Charging Location Mix 

28 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
deployments at a rate two to three times greater than currently-reported plans.” (California Air 
Resources Board, 2018). 
What infrastructure investments will have the greatest impact on low-income and disadvantaged 
communities? 
In its recent report on the barriers to ZEV adoption in low-income and disadvantaged 
communities, CARB concluded that a lack of charging infrastructure represented a significant barrier to 
EV adoption (CARB, 2018b). Through its National Outreach Effort, Electrify America received nearly 40 
submissions from California stakeholders regarding low-income and disadvantaged communities. A 
wide variety of approaches were suggested for low-income and disadvantaged community engagement. 
These included EV charging stations in the communities, targeted marketing, facilitating used EV 
purchasing, supporting EV car-sharing pilots and electric bike programs, targeted workplace charging, 
establishing an advocacy office/ZEV learning center, and providing or leveraging EV and EVSE rebates 
and financing solutions. 
In particular, several California entities made specific suggestions to Electrify America regarding 
ways that Cycle 2 investments could be made in low-income and disadvantaged communities. Los 
Angeles County called on Electrify America to more thoroughly integrate community-based 
organizations into the Cycle 2 planning process and offered to host a stakeholder meeting, which was 
held in July 2018. Los Angeles County also suggested locations to install charging stations in these 
communities. Ventura County noted that specific communities, which are subject to more toxic and 
particulate matter air pollution, could benefit greatly from the adoption of EVs. The LA Economic 
Development Corporation suggested that Electrify America complement the State of California’s EV 
‘make-ready’ requirements for MUDs by installing chargers at affordable housing sites in LA County 
which will be “EV Ready.” Electrify America considered this valuable input in developing this Cycle 2 
California ZEV Investment Plan and will address disadvantaged and low-income communities through a 
variety of channels in its Cycle 2 efforts. 
 
 

29 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
2.3. Education and Awareness Learnings and Insights 
Electrify America also sought to better understand consumer perspectives and behavior to 
target the Cycle 2 education, awareness, outreach, and marketing efforts. The three primary strategic 
questions were: 
 How are ZEVs perceived today? 
 What are the key barriers to EV adoption? 
 What education and awareness investments will have the greatest impact on low-income and 
disadvantaged communities? 
How are ZEVs perceived today? 
Overall awareness and consideration 
of electric vehicles today remains low, both in 
California and nationally. According to 2017 
research by Ken Kurani and Scott Hardman of 
UC Davis, consideration of plug-in electric 
vehicles has changed little from 2014 to 2017 
(see Figure 15). This report, and similar data 
from Strategic Vision (shared in the Education, 
Awareness, and Marketing section) are 
sobering reminders of the limited 
consideration of ZEVs today and clearly 
suggest the need for more effective awareness 
building strategies and solutions. 
 
However, the 2017 NREL study 
entitled “The Barriers to Acceptance of 
Plug-in Electric Vehicles: 2017 Update” 
provides a more positive outlook on the 
market. Over half of consumers view 
battery electric vehicles as either better 
than, or just as good as, gas vehicles 
available today, and this number grew 
year over year compared to 2016 (see 
Figure 16). A large portion of the 
population – nearly 20% – answered 
“don’t know” which indicates that even 
more could be persuaded if they were 
educated about the advantages of ZEVs. 
Figure 15: BEV Awareness 2014 vs 2017 
Figure 16: Opinions of BEVs vs Gas Vehicles 


30 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
The NREL study also reports 
that consumers continue to view 
the primary benefits of electric 
vehicles as being better for the 
environment and offering savings 
on fuel costs (Figure 17). These 
electric vehicle opinions are correct, 
of course, but recent studies show 
that other factors – such as vehicle 
performance – are more important 
drivers of purchasing behavior. 
As evidence, recent 
research from Strategic Vision’s 
New Vehicle Experience Study 
shows that mainstream car buyers 
rate comfort and performance as 
“Extremely Important” (see Figure 18). Fuel economy is also mentioned by respondents, but it ranks 5th, 
behind handling and cornering, soft comfortable ride, and quiet interior. Thus, the primary messaging in 
promoting the benefits of ZEVs to buyers should focus on performance and handling. Since EVs already 
possess performance advantages, such as quick acceleration offered by their powerful motors and 
improved handling thanks to their low center of gravity, this communications approach will be 
authentic. 
 
Figure 17: Consumer Views on PEVs 
Figure 18: Consumer Attitudes When Shopping for a Vehicle 


31 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
What are the key barriers to EV adoption? 
Numerous studies including NREL’s 2017 ”Barriers to Acceptance…,’ Strategic Vision’s 2017 New 
Vehicle Experience Study, McKinsey & Company’s 2017 “Electrifying Insights…,” and UBS Evidence Lab’s 
2016 “What Consumers Think About Electric Cars,” highlight a range of barriers to ZEV adoption. While 
the importance of each barrier varies depending on when and how the study was conducted, five 
categories typically emerge (ranking is dependent on when and how the studies were conducted): 
1) Range: Most consumers are not aware that even entry level EVs have a range of 80+ miles per 
charge, well within most daily commutes. Education is required to show that other models offer 
up to 300+ miles of range. 
2) Charging Station Availability: Another barrier is the perception of the lack of charging 
infrastructure currently available. While ICE drivers can go on long trips secure in the 
knowledge that they will be able to refuel quickly en route, it is more complex for EV drivers; 
this same trip requires researching the location of charging stations along the way and setting 
aside time to charge up. 
3) Cost: The purchase price of EVs is a deterrent to some buyers. Although EVs are increasingly 
available at lower price points, they generally remain more expensive than equivalent gasoline 
vehicles. This financial barrier is overcome in part by federal and state purchase incentives, 
which can reduce the upfront cost of the vehicle, as well as reduced operating costs (fuel, 
maintenance), which accumulate over the life of the vehicle. Despite these benefits, further 
education is necessary to establish awareness regarding these economic advantages. For 
example, according to NREL’s 2017 study “Barriers to Acceptance…,” fewer than a quarter of 
respondents (23%) had heard of PEV tax incentives. Furthermore, EVs typically cost less to 
operate than gasoline vehicles, including fuel, maintenance, and repairs, and these advantages 
can become education points as well. 
4) Performance: Most people have never ridden in or driven an electric car, so the performance 
compared to non-EVs is one that requires education and experience. 
5) EV Model Selection: While nearly all vehicle manufacturers already have or are developing 
electric vehicle models, consumers note the lack of variety in the number of vehicle models 
available. Currently, most electric cars are small, midsize, or compact, so consumers wanting 
pickup trucks or SUVs feel they do not have options. Also, many are only available in California 
and the other states that have adopted the Zero Emission Vehicle Mandate. 
Electrify America also believes that one additional barrier to adoption, not often noted, is that 
the majority of people don’t think about electric vehicles when they are buying a new car. For the most 
part, over the last 100 years, vehicles have been purchased and driven in the same way largely because 
the current driving culture, refueling network, and larger eco-system supporting modern transportation 
has been developed and well established around fossil fuels and personal use vehicle travel. Consumers 
typically don’t enjoy changing from well-established norms unless there are clear and known advantages 
to the replacement approach. Fortunately, electric vehicles represent compelling reasons for change for 
drivers, society at large, air quality, and climate change. 
 

32 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
What education and awareness investments will have the greatest impact on low-income and 
disadvantaged communities? 
 The California Air Resources Board’s 2018 paper entitled “Low-Income Barriers Study, Part B: 
Overcoming Barriers to Clean Transportation Access for Low-Income Residents” addresses many of the 
ways to better serve low-income and disadvantaged communities. The priority recommendations 
address a broad set of opportunities, including building additional public charging infrastructure 
installations. Specifically related to education and awareness, recommendations include: 
 Create outreach and education materials specific to community needs and relevant, accessible, 
practical and available in the spoken languages of those communities; 
 Provide targeted outreach and technical assistance for low-income residents. Expand 
coordinated community-based outreach efforts utilizing local resources to increase program 
participation; 
 Expand access to vocational training, pre-apprenticeship, and apprenticeship programs to 
support clean transportation jobs and workforce development in low-income and 
disadvantaged communities, especially for youth. 
Electrify America’s National Outreach website and dozens of conversations with community-
based organizations and other stakeholders in low-income and disadvantaged communities also 
identified a number of ways to increase ZEV adoption in low-income and disadvantaged communities. 
First, stakeholders identified overall education and outreach efforts as a primary tool for driving 
adoption. Traditional media campaigns, in multiple languages and across multiple media channels, will 
help to spread the word in communities where ZEV awareness is generally low today. 
Second, Electrify America heard from stakeholders in Fresno and Bakersfield and from more 
than 10 environmental and environmental justice organizations that working with local organizations 
that are trusted in the community is critical to communicating the economic appeal of adopting ZEV 
technology. These can be community-based organizations, elected officials, faith-based organizations, 
or non-profits – the most important aspect is that these entities have strong ties with the local 
community and an ability to communicate and demystify California’s complex ZEV incentive regimes. 
Finally, creative approaches can be leveraged to target typically hard-to-reach communities. 
Proposals suggested advertising on ethnic radio stations and other means of trustworthy 
communication to minority groups. The City of Los Angeles suggested supporting ride-share programs 
in disadvantaged communities to give individuals who might not otherwise be able to afford an electric 
vehicle an opportunity to experience the thrill of an EV. A letter from 12 groups representing 
environmental, environmental justice, equity, and Central Valley air quality interests suggested Electrify 
America “continue to complement California EV equity programs and continue to improve access to 
used EVs.” 
 

33 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
2.4. Outreach Efforts and Key Learnings Summary 
All of the stakeholder engagement efforts detailed above, from the National Outreach website 
to the hundreds of stakeholder conversations and dozens of academic research papers carefully read, 
have been instrumental in shaping our understanding of the ZEV marketplace as well as what is most 
important to driving ZEV adoption. During Cycle 2, Electrify America plans to conduct a similar process 
of outreach in order to draft our Cycle 3 ZEV Investment Plans. 
 

34 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3. Infrastructure Investments (~$153 million) 
Electrify America’s infrastructure mission is to drive ZEV adoption by reducing range anxiety and 
increasing charging convenience. To meet this goal, Electrify America is establishing a premier ZEV 
charging network that is comprehensive, technologically-advanced, and customer-centric with the 
intent of showing ZEV drivers in California that ZEVs can be used as a primary vehicle. To this end, 
Electrify America will invest approximately $153 million in Cycle 2 across a broad set of infrastructure 
use cases including metropolitan areas, highways and regional routes, residences, buses, rural and 
autonomous charging. Estimated budgets for each investment are shown in Table 5 and detailed in the 
following sections. 
Table 5: Estimated Infrastructure Investment Budgets 
Category Estimated 
Budget ($M)1 
Infrastructure ~$153 
Metro Community Charging $95 - $115 
Highways and Regional Routes $25 - $30 
Residential $8 - $12 
Bus and Shuttle Charging $4 - $6 
Rural Charging ~$2 
Autonomous Vehicle Charging $2 - $4 
1 Costs include creditable operating expenses and on-site storage where appropriate. 
 
These investments were selected from a much larger set of use cases that were studied 
including on-street charging, hotels, transit hubs such as park and rides, and hydrogen fueling stations. 
While each of these use cases show merit, Electrify America was not able to establish a satisfactory 
business case that would justify investment during Cycle 2. Electrify America will continue to examine 
facts and new information, however, and will potentially shift resources to these use cases during Cycle 
2 if new information or opportunities demonstrate these to be wise financial investments for the long-
term and substantially impactful on ZEV adoption during Cycle 2. 
Several key guiding principles underlined our selection of infrastructure investments for Cycle 2. 
These principles capture the short and long-term goals and vision of our organization and ensure that 
each infrastructure investment works towards those goals and vision. The key guiding principles for 
selecting Cycle 2 investments included: 
- Focus on locations where access and utilization is projected to be highest: Investments target 
highways and metropolitan areas with high current and projected concentrations of ZEV drivers. 
This will maximize potential network utilization, the clearly established goal of and success metric 

35 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
for the ZEV infrastructure investments established in Appendix C of the Partial Consent Decree. This 
will also improve both ZEV driver convenience and infrastructure investment economics. 
 
- Strive to expand ZEV adoption, and meet the needs of drivers in regions: Investing in adjacent 
metropolitan areas produces a network effect, where investments to support travel and tourism 
between cities also supports the spread of ZEV adoption geographically across a region. 
 
- Focus on a variety of use cases based on anticipated charging behaviors of ZEV drivers: Electrify 
America will build chargers to serve current and emerging driver needs – including charging at 
home, serving transit buses, as well as supporting mobility services, corridor travel, and charging in 
public areas (commercial/retail locations, parking garages) within a metro. 
 
- Incorporate anticipated changes in the ZEV industry by ‘future-proofing’ stations to maximize 
their usefulness in the medium-to-long-term: Investments will include the latest technology (from 
L2s up to 350 kW DCFC) and operate across different charging standards (CCS and CHAdeMO) to 
maximize access and help ensure future compatibility in a rapidly evolving industry. Electrify 
America will also continually look toward new technologies, including ways to meet the needs of 
emerging autonomous vehicles, and work to ensure investments are optimized to incorporate these 
technologies in future investment cycles. 
 
- Focus on a sustainable business model: Electrify America is implementing a set of ZEV infrastructure 
investments designed to be economically sustainable for the long-term. 
 
- Strive to ensure 35% of investments are in disadvantaged and low-income (DAC/LIC) communities: 
In addition to focusing on a sustainable business model, Electrify America will strive to ensure that 
35% of its economically sustainable infrastructure investments in California are in disadvantaged 
and low-income communities. 
 
 
 

36 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.1. Metro Community Charging ($95 - $115 million) 
3.1.1. Investment Overview 
 The largest portion of Electrify America’s Cycle 2 investment is dedicated to community charging 
within metropolitan areas. Electrify America has identified metro charging as the primary use case 
based on four key market factors: 
1. The vast majority of BEVs are projected to be sold in top metro markets; 
2. Most miles driven in these BEVs are anticipated to be driven in and around metro areas; 
3. Recent research shows that the majority of public charging happens relatively close to home, 
and; 
4. New technology is shifting more vehicle miles traveled toward shared mobility options, which 
will require increasing charging support in and around metros. 
Early adoption of BEVs in the 
U.S. has been concentrated 
principally within major metro areas, 
and this trend is projected to 
continue at least through 2022. 
Today, 71% of the nearly 400,000 
BEVs in operation are concentrated 
in 20 metropolitan areas, and 57% 
are concentrated within the top 10 
metros (IHS Markit Catalyst, 2018). 
Navigant Research (2017) forecasts 
this trend will continue through 2022 
with over 70% of the projected two 
million BEVs in operation 
concentrated in just 20 metro areas. 
In addition to these forecast 
findings, Electrify America also 
considered that the majority of the 
US population today lives in cities. According to the U.S. Census Bureau (2015), cities are home to 62.7% 
of the U.S. population. In a 2016 press release discussing the U.S. Census Bureau’s American 
Community Survey, Census Bureau Director John H. Thompson wrote that, “rural areas cover 97 percent 
of the nation’s land area but contain 19.3 percent of the population (about 60 million people).” 
Electrify America expects that most BEVs, similar to their ICE counterparts, will be driven in and 
around their metros. According to the Federal Highway Administration’s 2017 National Household 
Travel Survey, 95% of vehicle trips were less than 30 miles from their origin. With most trips occurring 
close to home, it is not surprising that most DCFC charging sessions also occur close to home. In their 
2017 study “Survey and Consumer Motivations to DC Fast Charge,” Michael Nicholas and Gil Tal from 
University of California Davis showed that a majority of DCFC events for Chevy Bolt drivers were 
recorded within 8 miles of home. Nicholas and Tal’s study “Transitioning to Longer Range Battery 
Electric Vehicles” (2017) shows Tesla drivers have similar charging behavior, albeit with a wider driving 
radius, averaging 29 miles from home for most charging sessions. 
Figure 19: BEVs Sold in Top 20 MSAs 


37 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Electrify America expects metro charging to become even more important as BEV buyer 
demographics evolve and a significant number of MUD dwellers and renters purchase BEVs. In today’s 
market, few owners of MUD buildings are willing to install chargers (Sperling, 2018). As The Northeast 
States for Coordinated Air Use Management (NESCAUM) described in their submission, “to increase 
access to EVs for residents of multiunit dwellings (MUDs), Electrify America should pilot innovative 
solutions for MUDs.” Placing DCFCs in sections of metro areas with high MUD density, which has been 
recommended by UCLA researchers, is an innovative solution to addressing the need of future BEV 
drivers that live in MUDs. 
The shared vehicle economy also represents an increasingly important travel component within 
cities and is an attractive opportunity for early EV adoption by both drivers and passengers. The 
emergence of ride-sharing companies like Uber and Lyft in New York City, increased the vehicle miles 
traveled (VMT) from shared vehicles, including taxis and black cars, by 25% between 2013 and 2016 
(Schaller, 2017). According to the San Francisco County Transportation Authority (2017), in San 
Francisco, one of the most mature ride-sharing markets in the U.S., 15% of all weekend vehicle trips 
were completed through transportation networking companies in 2016. This growing shared vehicle 
trend is expected to continue, with the Boston Consulting Group (2017) forecasting that by 2030, 25% of 
miles driven in the US could be in shared self-driving EVs. These shared vehicles are particularly well 
suited for electrification, with high annual mileage, such vehicles enable drivers to realize fuel and 
maintenance savings even faster than a typical ICE vehicle driver and increase their net income. Electric 
shared mobility vehicles displace fossil fuel vehicles, reduce household fleet vehicle needs and traffic 
congestion, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. However, drivers and communities can only realize 
these benefits if there is sufficient public charging in the right locations to meet drivers’ charging needs. 
Considering all of these factors, Electrify America will prioritize metro-based charging 
investments in Cycle 2. To meet the needs of these drivers, Electrify America will invest in DCFC for 
three primary use cases within metro areas: retail/community, MUDs, and mobility services. 
Retail/community stations will target the needs of EV owners as they drive around town on their daily 
commutes, run errands, or visit friends and relatives. MUD stations will specifically target communities 
with a density of MUD dwellers, and will serve as an alternative for those who lack reliable overnight 
charging at their residence or workplace. Finally, shared mobility stations target the needs of taxi, TNC 
and car-share drivers in their daily travel around a metropolitan area. Electrify America believes that – 
collectively – these use cases will address the most critical DCFC needs of drivers within selected 
metropolitan areas. 
 

38 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.1.2. Investment Selection Methodology 
 In Cycle 1, Electrify America selected metropolitan areas for investment through a two-step 
process that featured both quantitative and qualitative filters. Electrify America built upon this two-step 
approach in Cycle 2, upgrading key metrics to refine the analysis (see Figure 20). 
 
The two-step process for selecting metro areas in Cycle 2 has been improved and is described below: 
1. Starting with the most populous 25 metro markets in the California, representing over 95% of 
the California population (ESRI, 2016), Electrify America assessed each market on their BEV sales 
today and forecasted for 2022. Sales were analyzed on both a gross and a BEV per capita 
perspective to not only identify large markets of potential, but to give opportunity to smaller, 
higher growth potential markets. 
 
Top scoring metros on the sales metrics were passed on to the second stage of analysis. This 
yielded 15 metropolitan areas for further evaluation. 
 
2. The 15 metropolitan areas were then evaluated on their expected needs for charging 
infrastructure (supply-demand gap, a cornerstone Electrify America methodology established 
for Cycle 1), the local electric utility costs and collaboration opportunities (utility environment), 
state and local policies impacting EV adoption (policy environment), and the fit of the metro 
with Electrify America’s broader network (proximity to EA network). For details, see Figure 22 
and detailed descriptions of each criteria used below. Electrify America looked qualitatively 
across each of the four metrics to determine which metropolitan areas showed the greatest 
potential for investment in Cycle 2. 
Figure 20: Cycle 2 Metro Selection Process 

39 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 
Through this process, nine metropolitan areas within California were selected for metro 
community charging investments in Cycle 2. These nine metropolitan areas currently host 
approximately 80% of the total population of California (ESRI, 2016; U.S. Department of Commerce - 
Bureau of the Census, 2017), and they are projected to account for 89% of the BEVs in 2022 in California 
(Navigant, 2017). 
Figure 21: Cycle 2 California Metro Map 
 


40 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Figure 22: Cycle 2 California Metros Selected 
 
Supply-Demand Gap8 
To ensure investments address a reasonably anticipated need and have a high likelihood of 
utilization, Electrify America used a supply-demand gap in the metro selection process. The projected 
gap in supply and demand for BEV charging was determined by (1) calculating the projected charging 
power demand (in MWh/day) for public charging in 2022 outside the home and (2) subtracting the 
current supply of power delivered by public charging for each metropolitan area. Demand for public 
charging in a metropolitan area was calculated using the projected number of BEVs in operation by 
2022, the average daily vehicle miles traveled as collected by the Federal Highway Administration, the 
mix of single-family and multiunit homes from the U.S. Census Bureau, and assumptions for vehicle 
efficiency and the portion of charging occurring at homes. Supply of charging power was estimated 
using existing charging infrastructure in Recargo’s PlugShare database with assumptions made regarding 
the power level and utilization at each station. Electrify America stations under development as a part 
of Cycle 1 were added to the charging supply calculations in each metro to provide a more complete 
 
8 In Cycle 1, Electrify America developed a megawatt-hour supply-demand gap analysis methodology to assess the 
infrastructure needs for any given geographic area. Through the Cycle 2 planning process, Electrify America shared 
this methodology with academics and researchers across the ZEV space, including teams from UC Davis, UCLA, 
NREL, Argonne National Laboratory, Idaho National Laboratory, and more. The methodolo gy largely stood up to 
academic questioning, and thus Electrify America has elected to use this approach again for Cycle 2. However, 
specific assumptions and data sets have been adjusted based on stakeholder feedback. For example, during a 
review in October 2017, the UC Davis team noted that our Cycle 1 methodology used commuting data (travel to 
and from work) to gauge vehicle miles traveled within a city, but that commuting miles represent just a fraction of 
total miles. As a result, Electrify America has selected a new dataset that provides a more comprehensive set of 
miles traveled within a metro area. 


41 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
picture of future supply.9 The resulting Supply-Demand Gap is expressed in MWh/day as the projected 
unmet energy demand, per day, in each metro area. 
Utility Environment 
The local utility (or utilities) for each Electrify America metropolitan area plays a major role in 
the stations’ long-term success. To date, California utilities have been crucial partners in deploying their 
infrastructure to bring Electrify America’s charging network to drivers across the state. To further 
optimize Electrify America’s infrastructure investments in Cycle 2, this metric identifies the most EV-
focused utility environments. An EV-focused utility environment, with utility infrastructure support 
(such as make-readies), DCFC-specific energy rates, and lower or non-existent demand charges, can 
have a significant impact on the economics of the station. In addition, streamlined utility processes can 
accelerate site construction and dramatically lower both capital and operating costs. Markets where 
these same conditions are not as positive, especially those with high demand peak charges, can make 
the economics of owning and operating DCFC stations over the long-term particularly challenging. This 
metric evaluates both the utility costs to operate DCFC stations within a utility territory, as well as the 
collaboration potential of the local utility. 10 
Policy Environment 
State and local policies can have a major impact on ZEV adoption, especially as vehicle 
technologies mature. In Cycle 1, Electrify America captured the impact of such policies on ZEV adoption 
within a given metropolitan area by counting the number of policies enacted in each metro. However, 
policies can have varying impact. For example, purchase incentives and vehicle mandates can have a 
much larger impact than non-binding sales ‘targets.’ To better address these nuances, Electrify America 
collaborated with the National Association of State Energy Officials (NASEO) and Cadmus Group to 
develop an updated policy metric. NASEO and Cadmus used existing analysis and the input of a panel of 
ZEV policy experts and practitioners to create a policy tool that ranks and weighs each policy’s 
effectiveness. Policies for each metropolitan area were then aggregated, producing a score which 
reflects the policy environment in each metro area, and its relative impact on ZEV adoption. For more 
information on the policy metric, see inset. 
Proximity Metric 
When considering the purchase of a new vehicle, many buyers look not only at the fueling 
options within their own metro area, but also on key routes to nearby regional destinations. Over 70% 
of Tesla drivers cite the existence of the Tesla Supercharger Network as a ‘very important’ factor in their 
decision to purchase (Recargo, 2015). Therefore, it is important that Electrify America support not only 
the local charging needs, but also charging within a reasonable driving radius from home. This metric 
reflects how many Electrify America highway stations are located within a 120 mile radius of the 
metropolitan area’s borders. 
 
9 Proposed/planned stations from other EVSE providers were not included due to the uncertainty of location, 
quantity, and timing of these stations. 
10 For metro areas with more than one primary utility, Electrify America uses a blend of the two utility scores (e.g., 
Los Angeles MSA has multiple electric utilities, and is largely based on scores from Southern California Edison and 
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power). 

42 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 
Electrify America commissioned the National Association of State Energy Officials (NASEO), in 
partnership with Cadmus Group, to develop the Plug-In Electric Vehicle Policy Tool to evaluate the 
impact of state and local policies on plug-in electric vehicle (PEV) adoption in states and cities across 
the United States. The Tool was designed for Electrify America to use when considering potential 
metro areas for Cycle 2 investment, and allows the user to evaluate the combined strengths and 
weaknesses of all PEV-related policies in a given metro area on a scale of 1-100 and compare the 
result with other metro areas. 
 The Tool provides a unique, evidence-based method to evaluate the ZEV investment climate 
of a metro area. The Tool’s main feature – the Policy Evaluation Rubric – categorizes all PEV policies 
into six policy categories and 14 policy subcategories. Each policy subcategory is assigned a weight, 
based on its strength to spur PEV adoption relative to other policies. These weightings were assigned 
after an exhaustive review of peer-reviewed journal articles, publications from government, non-
governmental organizations (NGOs), and the National Academies of Sciences, as well as rounds 
of expert input from an external Technical Advisory Committee (TAC). Members of the TAC provided 
input on the project’s Policy Tool Methodology and Policy Evaluation Rubric; however the TAC was 
not shown the proposed Cycle 1 and Cycle 2 investment jurisdictions, and did not partake in reviewing 
the draft rankings of candidate jurisdictions. TAC members included: 
 Jeff Allen, Forth 
 Samantha Bingham, Chicago Department of Transportation 
 Austin Brown, University of California-Davis 
 Tonia Buell, Washington State Department of Transportation 
 Stephen Capanna, U.S. Department of Energy 
 Gregory Dotson, University of Oregon School of Law 
 Robert Jackson, Michigan Energy Office 
 Dave Reichmuth, Union of Concerned Scientists 
 Michael Samulon, City of Los Angeles 
 Christian Williss, Colorado Energy Office 
The NASEO team assigned the highest weight to vehicle purchase incentives, followed by PEV 
deployment targets (including the ZEV mandate) and policies that incentivize EVSE installation and 
reduce EVSE operational costs. While there is some debate in the literature around the relative 
effectiveness of these policies, it is the project team’s conclusion that these four types of policies 
represent the most effective policies at advancing PEV adoption. 
This Tool was designed for Electrify America in its Cycle 2 investment planning, but may also 
be used by policymakers at the state and local level to evaluate their jurisdiction’s current PEV policy 
environment. The Tool, as well as a detailed report on the methodology behind it, are available 
online here: https://naseo.org/news-article?NewsID=3321 
Policy Metric 

43 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.1.3. Investment Details 
Electrify America’s metro investments are forecasted to account for $95 - $115 million of 
the infrastructure investment budget. 
Metro Allocations 
To split metro funds between the selected Cycle 2 metros, Electrify America considered a 
combination of factors to appropriately meet the charging needs of communities and ensure the 
economic viability of the stations. These factors included the supply-demand gap, policy and utility 
environment, and the overall connectivity of the metro with other significant BEV markets. Electrify 
America also weighed operational constraints and challenges including real estate availability in areas 
where they could be identified. Finally, while the size of the supply-demand gap in the largest metro is 
more than 100 times the size of the gap in the smaller metro areas selected for investment, Electrify 
America rebalanced its investment to the smaller, emerging EV markets where necessary to provide 
sufficient charging services in these markets and to support ZEV growth. 
Table 6: Cycle 2 California Metros 
 
Cycle 2 Use Cases: 
Retail/Community 
The primary use case for metro community charging in Cycle 2 will be retail/community 
stations. These stations will be sited to primarily serve drivers around town. Within each metro 
area, specific site selection and station characteristics require integration of multiple inputs. 
First, Electrify America uses a proprietary geospatial model for identifying “target zones” that 
Metro Estimated New Station Count1 
Fresno 1 - 3 
Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim 14 - 18 
Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario2 2 – 3 
Sacramento-Roseville-Arden-Arcade3 1 – 3 
San Diego-Carlsbad4 7 - 10 
San Francisco-Oakland-Hayward 8 - 12 
San Jose-Sunnyvale-Santa Clara 7 - 10 
Santa Cruz 1 - 3 
Santa Rosa 2 - 4 
1 Electrify America defines a “metro area” as a Metropolitan Statistical Area, except in a limited set of 
circumstances where Electrify America determines that the MSA arbitrarily excludes a community that is part of 
the metro area or includes extremely rural areas within its border. In such cases, Electrify America exerted 
discretion on metro area boundaries. 
2 Riverside investment to be concentrated in “Inland Empire” region. 
3 Electrify America’s Green City investment will install approximately eight stations and 35 DCFC dispensers 
within the City of Sacramento in Cycle 1. Given the high concentration of this investment within the city, Cycle 2 
investments will be targeted at areas outside the city that support the needs of Sacramento drivers. 
4 Electrify America is aware that San Diego Gas and Electric is considering the creation of new rates for EV 
stations, though none have been proposed to the CPUC. If rates are not revised, business imperatives may lead 
Electrify America to reallocate stations out of San Diego metro to other California metros during Cycle 2. 

44 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
require DCFC infrastructure. While the specific geospatial and demographic criteria used are 
confidential, Electrify America’s framework is generally consistent with those factors identified 
by Fitzgerald and Nelder in Rocky Mountain Institute’s ‘From Gas to Grid’ (2017) and includes 
high-traffic retail areas in locations with strong ZEV adoption potential. In addition, Electrify 
America takes into consideration the distance between existing Electrify America charging 
stations to ensure its network meets the needs of ZEV drivers throughout a metro region. 
Once a target zone or zones have been identified, Electrify America will use a 
combination of desktop research and on-the-ground resources to identify and screen specific 
locations within each target zone as leads. Electrify America, like other industry players 
deploying charging infrastructure, will use site location criteria to optimize charging locations 
where they are most likely to be highly utilized. While Electrify America’s Cycle 2 site location 
criteria are proprietary and are still being revised, Electrify America anticipates using criteria 
similar to those used by Pacific Gas and Electric in their “2016 Electric Program Investment 
Charge” effort, which include: 
 Minimum siting conditions (e.g., ADA compliance, paved and level, safe and visible); 
 Siting to increase EV adoption (e.g., food for purchase, premium spaces, future 
capacity); 
 Siting to minimize cost (e.g., transformer capacity, distance from transformer, surface 
materials); and 
 Siting for disadvantaged communities (e.g., CalEnviroScreen top PG&E quartile). 
Multiunit Dwelling 
As discussed in Section 2.2 Infrastructure Learnings, MUDs present numerous challenges 
to charging electric vehicles. Electrify America will support drivers living in MUDs in Cycle 2 
through placement of DCFC sites within close proximity of groups of MUDs. Many of the same 
criteria from the retail/community use case will be used to site these stations, however, in 
addition to these data points, Electrify America will analyze MUD proximity and density to target 
stations at convenient locations to meet the needs of drivers living in MUDs. 
Shared Mobility 
As discussed in Section 2.2. Infrastructure Learnings, in some metro areas of the U.S. 
there is an emerging need for charging of electrified shared mobility vehicles. Approximately 30 
submissions received through the National Outreach website discussed the topic. For example, 
the City of New York, stated, “a rapid expansion of public charging infrastructure can enable an 
increase in the share of ZEVs in the high-mileage taxi and [for-hire vehicle] fleet.” The transition 
of shared mobility to electric is not only driven by stakeholder support and potential emissions 
reductions, but also by the potential cost savings realized by drivers and passengers – where an 
EV deployed for shared mobility can provide a lower total cost of ownership than a comparable 
ICE vehicle today (Fitzgerald & Nelder, 2017). The benefits of these lower-cost and emission 
free vehicles are poised to most directly benefit disadvantage drivers and passengers, who may 
not have easy access to cars (Sperling, 2018). While the transition of these vehicles to electric 
presents numerous benefits, one of the key issues identified when interviewing electric shared 
mobility drivers is the availability and accessibility of DCFC (House & Fitzgerald, 2018). 

45 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Electrify America believes it is crucial that the transition to electric shared mobility 
comes without compromise to cost or convenience for the driver. To better understand how to 
conveniently (and economically) serve the needs of these drivers, Electrify America conducted 
numerous interviews with drivers, discussed challenges and approaches with shared mobility 
companies and taxi cab commissions, and collaborated on focus groups of current and potential 
electric shared mobility drivers. This collaboration, outreach, and research revealed that these 
vehicles often require chargers in specific areas of a city not necessarily aligned with 
considerations for light duty private use EVs, and thus need separate site location 
considerations. 
To site stations to support these drivers, Electrify America will continue to collaborate 
with the shared mobility industry, including drivers, taxi companies, airport authorities, city 
governments, regulatory bodies and digital platform providers such as Lyft and Uber, to select 
two to three metros from our Cycle 2 metros for investment in shared mobility targeted 
infrastructure. Metros will be selected based on a combination of factors designed to identify 
where the need for these investments is emerging, including local regulations, incentives, and 
support for electrification of shared mobility vehicles. Electrify America has found that many 
drivers and cities are interested in having their shared mobility vehicles convert to electric, and 
the State of California has recently enacted legislation (Senate Bill 1014, by Sen. Nancy Skinner) 
authorizing the Public Utilities Commission to require electrification of some mobility services. 
However, the most attractive metros for investment are those where policies or partnerships 
actually assist, accelerate, or require the conversion of the shared mobility fleet. 
Shared mobility vehicle charging stations will be sited using a geospatial model that 
considers some of the same key factors as retail/community stations, including frequently 
traveled routes and 24/7 access. However, shared mobility vehicles require locations 
specifically targeted to their unique routes, including stations near transportation hubs and high 
traffic areas. As a result, Electrify America will work with shared mobility vehicle entities (e.g., 
drivers, taxis, TNCs) to optimize charging locations for these drivers. At this time, Electrify 
America plans to dedicate these sites to shared mobility drivers. Electrify America will aim to 
maximize ZEV adoption for all and will monitor usage to determine whether to allow for partial 
or complete public access while maintaining an optimal charging experience for all drivers. 
Station Design Details 
Stations in metro/community charging use cases will typically employ five ultra-fast EV charging 
dispensers. In areas with particularly high traffic and willing site hosts, stations may have up to 10 
dispensers; in areas with real estate constraints, sites may be limited to three dispensers. The typical 
power level of each station will be 150 kW, but DCFC levels will range between 50 kW and 350 kW 
depending on site constraints (e.g., utility interconnection limitations, available real estate) and 
expected usage. All public facing fast charging locations will support both CCS and CHAdeMO 
connectors. Some Electrify America metro stations may include L2 charging where the site host prefers, 
and where the business case can be justified. The decision to include L2 charging will be made on a 
case-by-case and site-specific basis. 
Table 7 identifies the expected number of stations by use case. 

46 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Table 7: Cycle 2 Metro Investments by Use Case 
Metro Use Case Average Ultra-Fast DCFC 
Charger Count Per Station 
Estimated Number of California 
Stations 
Retail/Community 5 41 - 49 
MUD 5 8 – 12 
Shared Mobility1 5 6 – 10 
Upgrades to Support Highly Used 
Locations2 5 10 - 14 
Total New Stations 65 – 85 
1 If Electrify America is unable to identify a sufficient number of metro areas for the total expected shared 
mobility charging investments, funds will be invested in other metro charging use cases in Cycle 2 metros. 
2 Electrify America will continually monitor the utilization of the existing metro stations and invest a portion of 
the metro budget towards either adding additional capacity (including additional chargers and/or energy 
storage) at an existing metro station or adding an additional site nearby to support BEV drivers’ needs in Cycle 
2. These site decisions will be made based on utilization data from Cycle 1 through the early phase of Cycle 2. 
 
Select Electrify America sites will also include investments in renewable generation11 (e.g. solar, 
wind, hydrogen fuel cell) and storage consistent with CARB’s February 2017 guidance document to 
Electrify America. 
 
11 The primary goal of Electrify America’s ZEV investments is to support increased adoption of ZEVs in the United 
States. Fueling BEVs with electricity from renewable sources represents the next step toward zero emissions, and 
furthers California’s emissions reduction goals established in AB 32. In addition to providing cleaner fuel, 
renewables can improve the customer experience (i.e., they can shade customers from the elements) and support 
the long-term economic sustainability of a charging site. Electricity costs can account for over 40% of DCFC 
operating costs. Ensuring public DCFC is affordable for all consumers is a key to attracting potential buyers and 
ultimately driving mass adoption. Electrify America plans to invest up to $5 million in renewable generation to 
power its DCFC stations. Electrify America expects that approximately 1-2 MW of renewable generation will be 
installed, resulting in approximately 1,600-3,800 GWh of electricity produced annually. 

47 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
3.2. Regional Routes and Highway Investments ($25 - $30 million) 
3.2.1. Investment Overview 
The second largest category of infrastructure investments in Cycle 2 will be on regional routes 
and highway corridors. In Cycle 1, Electrify America prioritized the build out of a cross-country network 
of charging infrastructure focused on highly traveled corridors between major metropolitan areas. In 
Cycle 2, Electrify America will further enhance the highway corridors outlined in the Cycle 1 California 
ZEV Investment Plan, while also developing new corridors to support the regional travel needs of drivers 
in top BEV markets. 
 A key consideration when 
purchasing a primary household 
vehicle is whether it will meet the 
consumer’s long-distance travel 
needs. When surveyed, over 70% of 
Tesla drivers cited the existence of 
the Tesla Supercharger Network as 
a ‘very important’ factor in their 
decision to purchase the vehicle 
(see Figure 23) (Recargo, 2015). 
Empirical data also shows that 
vehicle range and supporting 
infrastructure have an effect on 
how a vehicle is used – the Tesla 
Model S is utilized for 63% of 
household trips over 200 miles, compared to much lower rates for other smaller battery EVs currently 
available (Advanced Plug-In Electric Vehicle Travel and Charging Behavior Interim Report, 2017). 
Considering automotive manufacturers’ announcements indicate that the majority of future BEVs will 
have ranges greater than 200 miles (according to Electrify America analysis), a suitable long distance 
network is needed to support adoption. 
While a nationwide long distance fueling network is critical for supporting ZEV adoption, 
regional routes address the more realistic driving habits of most drivers. Federal travel data suggests 
that over 50% of long distance trips (trips greater than 100 miles) are completed within a 200 mile 
radius of home, and that nearly 80% of all long distance trips are within 300 miles of home (U.S. 
Department of Transportation, 2016). Several National Outreach Process submissions also mentioned 
the importance of placing DCFC stations along regional routes. In Cycle 2, Electrify America will focus on 
building out new regional routes to support the travel needs of drivers in selected metro areas on more 
localized corridors. 
Finally, Electrify America’s Cycle 1 investments were intended to meet ZEV driver needs out into 
the future. However, in the case that existing stations show higher utilization than originally expected 
and queuing during Cycle 2, Electrify America will add capacity to existing highway routes to ensure 
sufficient capacity for the growing set of BEV drivers. 
Figure 23: Importance of Supercharger Network to Tesla Drivers 


48 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.2.2. Investment Selection Methodology 
To ensure our Cycle 2 stations serve the anticipated needs of BEV drivers, Electrify America 
leveraged a data driven approach to select regional routes for new stations. 
Electrify America started by identifying the top BEV markets in California based on Navigant’s 
BEV forecast. These top markets were prioritized to ensure that investments support the needs of the 
highest number of existing and future EV drivers possible. Electrify America then used federal and 
state/local travel data (where available from our National Outreach Process) to analyze the long 
distance travel patterns of drivers from these metros and to identify the most popular travel 
destinations.12 The number of vehicles traveling to each destination was then converted to a forecast of 
BEV travel using Navigant’s forecasted BEV penetration at the origin point (see Figure 24). Finally, 
forecasted BEV travel to common destinations from MSAs within a single region (e.g., Southern vs 
Northern California) were aggregated to identify the most important routes for EV charging. To finalize 
the regional routes selected for investment in Cycle 2, destinations were compared to those submitted 
by the state and municipalities in the National Outreach Process to ensure the geospatial analysis 
matched local needs. 
Figure 24: Top California Long Distance Destination Counties 
 
 
12 Travel data allowed visualization of trips from county to county. Specific destinations within each county were 
identified using National Outreach Process submissions and discussions with local experts. 


49 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 
Figure 25: California Cycle 2 Regional Routes 
 
 
 The regional routes for investment in California are spread throughout the state (see Figure 25). 
In Northern California, routes were prioritized to support access to Salinas and Santa Cruz, as well as 
highways north of Oakland through Vallejo. In Central California, Electrify America will support travel to 
the Sierra Mountain communities and destinations, along with additional travel between communities 
along Highway 99. Finally, in Southern California Electrify America will add DCFC on CA 101 between 
Santa Barbara and Santa Maria, will connect Riverside and San Bernardino with the San Diego metro via 
I-215 and I-15, and will also support travel to Lake Havasu along I-40. In order to ensure that these 
investments have the greatest impact on ZEV adoption, Electrify America will continue to analyze long-


50 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
distance travel data during Cycle 2 and may expand or modify the list of prioritized regional routes to 
address emerging needs. 
In addition to the regional routes being built in Cycle 2, Electrify America will continually 
monitor the utilization of the existing highway stations and invest a portion of the highway budget 
towards expanding, or adding, station infrastructure and/or storage where high utilization is evident. 
3.2.3. Investment Details 
Electrify America’s highway investments, including any generation and storage assets, are 
projected to account for approximately $25 - $30 million of the infrastructure investment budget. Most 
sites will target light duty vehicles. However, some highway stations may be designed to serve medium- 
and heavy-duty vehicles where the business case can be justified. 
Regional Route Allocations 
Funding allocations toward each regional route are based on the number of sites needed to 
provide travel from Cycle 2 metros to identified destinations. Most sites serving regional routes in Cycle 
2 will consist of four chargers (or dispensers), two 150 kW and two 350 kW.13 The number of sites is 
determined based on the length of the route, location of existing Electrify America stations, the likely 
origin of BEVs traveling on the routes, and maintaining a distance of less than 120 miles between 
stations with consideration for significant changes in elevation.14 Specific regional routes are identified 
in Table 8. The total budget for these sites is approximately $8 - $10 million. 
Table 8: Cycle 2 Regional Route and Corridor Investments 
Regional Route Highway Estimated Station Count 
CA-29 North of Oakland through Vallejo 2 
CA-120 / CA-41 to Sierra Mountains 2 
CA-1 / CA-101 Salinas to Santa Cruz 1 
CA- 99 Fresno to Modesto 1 
CA-101 Santa Barbara to Santa Maria 1 
I-40 Barstow to Needles 1 
I-215 / I-15 Riverside to San Diego 1 
New stations and/or upgrades to Existing Routes Demonstrating 
High Utilization 6 – 10 
Total 15 – 19 
Select Electrify America sites will also include investments in renewable generation15 (e.g. solar, 
wind, hydrogen fuel cell) and storage consistent with CARB’s February 2017 guidance document to 
Electrify America. 
 
13 The high powered chargers Electrify America is currently deploying are a mix of 350kW and 320kW, but Electrify 
America anticipates being able to increase power levels through upgrades over time. Maximum charging power 
levels are limited by vehicle capabilities, safety protections, and the charging protocols’ technical specif ications. 
14 On rare occasion, Electrify America must extend the distance slightly beyond 120 miles to account for significant 
siting constraints including available real estate, utility connections, etc. 
15 See footnote 11. 

51 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Supporting the Highway Network with continued investments 
To support the highway investments made in Cycle 1, Electrify America anticipates some routes 
in its highway network will demonstrate utilization which requires additional investment to meet driver 
needs and avoid crowding or queuing. Approximately $6 - $10 million will be dedicated to supporting 
the existing highway network by either adding additional capacity (including additional chargers and/or 
energy storage) at an existing highway station or adding an additional site along a highway route to 
support BEV drivers’ needs in Cycle 2. These site decisions will be made based on utilization data from 
Cycle 1 through the early phase of Cycle 2.16 
 
 
 
16 If utilization at stations on Cycle 1 and Cycle 2 routes does not demonstrate sufficient utilization to warrant 
additional investment, this budget will be reallocated to other approved Cycle 2 use cases. 

52 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.3. Residential ($8 - $12 million) 
3.3.1. Investment Overview 
Residential or “home” charging is a critical element of the EV ecosystem. According to the 
Department of Energy’s Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy (EERE), over 80% of charging 
happens at home. EV drivers also rave about the convenience of home charging – Clean Technica’s 2015 
study entitled “Electric Cars: What Early Adopters and First Followers Want,“ found convenience of 
home charging is one of EV drivers’ top 5 favorite things about their electric vehicle. NREL’s “The 
Barriers to Acceptance of Plug-in Electric Vehicles: 2017 Update” echoes this sentiment, noting that EV 
drivers that do have the ability to charge at home are more likely to report positive sentiments about 
PHEVs and EVs. 
However, the costs of residential charging can increase the up-front cost of purchasing an EV, 
and therefore can be a deterrent to EV adoption. According to EERE, L2 residential installations can 
range from $500 to $2,000, depending on the equipment installed and the existing electrical 
infrastructure. Many utilities within California offer credits to offset a portion of this cost (typically up to 
$500), but the remaining amount, plus the complexity of identifying and applying for these offers, can 
present a barrier to EV adoption. 
Electrify America plans to address these barriers through an integrated set of programs. First, 
Electrify America will build a user friendly web tool that promotes L2 residential charging and helps EV 
drivers take advantage of existing offers which reduce the cost of home charging. Electrify America 
envisions this as a user friendly online tool that provides a simple and intuitive way to identify and apply 
for the many existing residential EV charging incentives for Californians. Second, Electrify America will 
offer customers a no-money-down L2 charger and installation.17 This will allow EV drivers who are 
unable or who are reluctant to cover the up-front costs of home charging to adopt EVs and pay for the 
charger over time. Finally, consistent with CARB guidance that Electrify America prioritize investments 
that serve as an asset to the power grid (Corey, 2017), Electrify America is developing a ‘demand 
response’ platform for drivers on the Electrify America network to realize even greater fuel savings. 
Participating drivers will receive rewards for plugging in at home and allowing Electrify America to 
manage their daily charging needs. 
Through the combination of these three offers, Electrify America expects to reduce a significant 
barrier to EV adoption for the next generation of drivers and to enable more users to experience the 
convenience and economic benefits of home charging. 
3.3.2. Investment Details 
Electrify America’s residential investments are projected to account for $8 to $12 million of the 
infrastructure investment budget. Please Note: if for any reason Electrify America is unable to identify 
sufficient investments to meet the $8 to $12 million budget by June 2020, any remaining funds will be 
redistributed to other approved use cases in order to ensure Electrify America meets the spending 
requirements of the Partial Consent Decree. 
 
 
17 Offer may be subject to specific cost thresholds. 

53 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Charger Incentive Simplification Tool (~$1 to $2 million) 
 Electrify America’s charger incentive simplification tool will be designed to dramatically simplify 
the process of identifying and applying for existing home charging programs. This tool will integrate the 
wide variety of home charger incentives within California, including those from utilities and air quality 
management districts. Electrify America plans to integrate its tool with the ‘One-Stop-Shop’ tool for 
low-income car buyers that will soon be built as a result of funds provided by Volkswagen to address 
barriers to ZEV adoption in low-income communities. While Electrify America’s tool will be designed to 
help low-income buyers as well, the tool will be available for use by all buyers throughout the California 
market. 
No-Money-Down Residential L2 (~$6 to $8 million) 
The no-money-down residential L2 offer will help EV drivers obtain and install a L2 charger in 
their homes at no upfront cost. To take advantage of this offer, drivers will navigate to Electrify 
America’s website and will be able to sign up for the program. Electrify America will then schedule a 
qualified installer to come install a charger at the driver’s home.18 Once the charger is installed, Electrify 
America currently anticipates that it will own, operate, and maintain the charger.19 The customer will 
pay a moderate fee for use of the equipment, as Electrify America customers pay for public charger 
access. However, after a period of time to be established by contract terms, the charger will become 
the customer’s asset. For those participants that qualify for financial incentives from utilities or other 
programs, these incentives may be used toward reducing the size or duration of monthly payments. 
Based on current estimates, Electrify America expects to fund between 2,500 to 3,300 L2 home 
chargers.20 Program funding will support the L2 hardware, in-home installation, retail “web shop” for 
selling the product, software, and customer support necessary to deliver a complete product. Please 
note that while this offer will be targeted at the residential marketplace, Electrify America may expand 
to offer the same or similar L2 charging in workplaces during Cycle 2. 
Demand Response (~$0.5 to $2 million) 
 Electrify America seeks to reduce the costs of EV charging and provide positive benefits to the 
electrical grid by developing a demand response program for its L2 residential customers. With 
customer consent, Electrify America will modulate charging timing and power level to best synchronize 
its customers’ charging needs with the needs of the grid using a Wi-Fi-connected charger. In turn, 
Electrify America will aggregate the load of all its customers within a given region and sell the electric 
utility capacity to ‘shed’ or reduce this load when demand on the grid is highest. This ‘demand 
response’ mechanism benefits all Californians by reducing the cost of electricity across the grid, and by 
 
18 Offer is limited to EV drivers with a circuit panel and associated electric meter dedicated to their residence (not 
shared), as well as a dedicated parking spot. Renters will qualify for the program, but will be required to secure 
permission from the property owner to install a home charger on the property. 
19 The technical specifications of this L2 charger will be finalized after the completion of a competitive RFP by 
Electrify America. 
20 Today, most L2 residential offers require the customer to purchase the charger up front. As a result, this 
product is relatively unique and forecasts of customer uptake are uncertain. Actual units delivered may deviate 
substantially from estimates based on demand from drivers. 

54 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
reducing the need to build or operate peaking generation facilities. The utility also pays compensation 
for this ‘demand response’ capacity, and these savings will be shared with participating drivers. 
To ensure drivers maintain sufficient battery state of charge and are able to charge at critical 
times (e.g., the day before a big trip), Electrify America will allow drivers to input preferences and opt 
in/out for specific times. However, the more participants that opt in, the more the capacity is worth to 
electric grid operators and the more savings participants can earn. This program has no limit to the 
number of potential participants – in fact, the more participants in the program, the bigger the savings 
and the impact. 
 
 

55 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.4. Bus and Shuttle Charging ($4 - $6 million) 
3.4.1. Investment Overview 
Zero emission buses, and in particular battery electric buses, are a rapidly growing piece of the 
U.S. and global transit fleet. By 2030, Bloomberg New Energy Finance (O’Donovan, 2018) projects 84% 
of all municipal bus sales globally will be electric. In California, many local transit authorities already 
have zero emission goals, including commitments by Los Angeles Metro, the Los Angeles Department of 
Transportation, and Foothill Transit to convert 100% of their fleets (approximately 3,200 buses) to 
electric by 2030 (Californians for Zero Emission Vehicles). Submissions to Electrify America’s National 
Outreach website also reflected a strong desire to adopt ZEV buses, with more than 10 submissions 
describing existing or new initiatives. As just one example, The University of California Transportation 
Working Group expressed interest in converting campus transit fleets to EVs. Electrify America 
anticipates that the pace of ZEV transit bus deployment in California will increase if CARB finalizes its 
proposed Innovative Clean Transit regulation. 
Zero emission buses also can make a significant impact in greenhouse gas reductions. In his 
book, “Three Revolutions” (2018), Daniel Sperling writes, “buses in the United States on average have 
higher greenhouse gas emissions than cars per passenger mile.” However, battery electric buses have 
much lower life cycle emissions than their fossil fuel counterparts. According to the 2018 National 
Academy of Sciences paper “Battery Electric Buses State of the Practice,” “life cycle global warming 
emissions [of battery electric buses] are almost 75% less than CNG and diesel buses. Further, [battery 
electric buses] produce significantly lower NOx emissions than diesel and CNG buses and lower life cycle 
particulate matter emissions than diesel….” Electrification of these buses will primarily benefit priority 
and sensitive populations who more heavily rely on this form of transportation, including children and 
those without access to a personal vehicle. To address these zero-emission needs and support the 
broader goals of the ZEV Investment Commitment and CARB, Electrify America plans to invest $4 to $6 
million in electric vehicle charging infrastructure for transit buses in California. 
3.4.2. Investment Selection Methodology 
Specific investments within the electric bus fueling infrastructure space are highly dependent on 
the needs and timing of local transit agencies. It is nearly impossible to pinpoint specific locations or 
investments far in advance of committing funding for these projects. Therefore, to fulfil this investment 
commitment, Electrify America plans to work with transit agencies and bus fleet operators over the 
course of Cycle 2 to identify upcoming purchases of electric buses and any associated charging needs. 
Electrify America will then collaborate with the relevant transit agency to develop a business 
model that meets all parties’ needs. Electrify America’s dual goals are to promote ZEV adoption and to 
develop a long-term sustainable business. A pure ‘grant’ style of funding support would fulfil the first 
goal, but would not represent a business investment sustainable for the long-term. To ensure both 
goals are addressed, Electrify America will work with our transit partners to develop an investment 
structure, revenue model, and station ownership structure that meets the transit agencies’ needs and 
also and achieves Electrify America’s goals, consistent with the requirements of the ZEV Investment 
Commitment and the Creditable Cost Guidance. In those areas where funding for electrical 
infrastructure and make readies is available from the local utility, Electrify America will also collaborate 
with the utility to maximize overall investment impact. 

56 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.4.3. Investment Details 
Electrify America’s Bus and Shuttle Charging infrastructure investment will be heavily shaped by 
the specific needs of each transit authority. Therefore, bus and shuttle charging investments are 
projected to account for approximately $4 to $6 million of the infrastructure investment budget. 
Electrify America understands that to date, most transit authorities require one DCFC per electric bus in 
the depot, and that charging power requirements for those buses can range from 50 – 150 kW 
depending on the dwell time of the bus. Electrify America has also heard from transit agencies that 
energy management is a critical element for electric bus adoption. Selecting from a range of electric 
rates, managing demand charges and time of use pricing, and balancing load across a fleet of buses all 
have a significant impact on the fuel cost and ultimately on the total cost of ownership of the buses. If 
required, Electrify America may also invest in energy management solutions to meet the needs of transit 
authorities and ensure they can smoothly and successfully convert their fleets. 
Given the project-based nature of this investment, costs and charger counts are difficult to 
estimate. However, based on information to date, a $4 - $6 million investment could look like the 
following in Table 9: 
Table 9: Cycle 2 Bus and Shuttle Charging Investment 
Charger Power Level Estimated Charger1 Count 
50 kW 50 
150 kW 15 
Total 65 
1Given the project-based nature of this investment, the estimated number of stations is highly uncertain. To 
provide transparency, Electrify America has opted to present an estimated number of chargers for this use 
case rather than an estimated station count. 
 
Please Note: if for any reason Electrify America is unable to identify sufficient investments to 
meet the $4 - $6 million budget by June 2020, any remaining funds will be redistributed to other 
approved use cases in order to ensure Electrify America meets the investment requirements of the ZEV 
Investment Commitment in the Partial Consent Decree. 
 

57 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.5. Rural Community Charging (~$2 million) 
3.5.1. Investment Overview 
 A frequent request from California stakeholders during Electrify America’s outreach efforts was 
to support ZEV adoption in rural communities. Stakeholder meetings in Fresno and Bakersfield 
uncovered a need for more charging stations to support local transportation. This request was 
reiterated by The Greenlining Institute, Communities for a Better Environment, Central California 
Asthma Collaborative, Coalition for Clean Air, The Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable 
Technologies, Union of Concerned Scientists, Valley Latino Environmental Advancement Project (LEAP), 
Valley Clean Air Now (CAN), Natural Resources Defense Council, Sierra Club California, Leadership 
Counsel for Justice and Accountability, and the Liberty Hill Foundation in an April 2018 letter. In 
particular, L2s were identified as a preferred mode of charging because they are typically lower cost and 
would offer a more acceptable price point for local communities. These groups prioritized health 
centers and educational institutions, as these sites are frequently visited and also offer extended hours 
of access. 
Electrify America also received guidance on rural charging through its National Outreach 
Process. The Northwest California ZEV Readiness coalition encouraged investment in California’s rural 
regions, writing in their submission that this funding “provides economic activity for many communities 
that are underserved in public and private investment in ZEV technology. Funds for rural infrastructure 
facilitates inter-regional travel and drives adoption of ZEVs in historically disadvantaged communities.” 
EV Advocates of Ventura County echoed the need for rural charging, though they recommended trying 
new business models including developing full-service fueling stations (with bistro, valet service, ride 
hailing, etc.) to improve overall site economics. 
 While Electrify America’s regional route and highway investments will provide connectivity and 
support to these historically underserved communities, in Cycle 2, Electrify America will implement a 
pilot program to invest in L2 charging sites in California’s rural areas, including, but not limited to, the 
Central, Imperial, and Coachella Valleys. The ongoing financial return on investment of this program is 
uncertain, but this pilot program will provide Electrify America with an opportunity to identify a 
sustainable long-term business model to deploy L2 charging in rural and underserved communities. 
Stations will be targeted at educational and health care institutions, which the Department of Energy 
has found to be frequently associated with early adopter populations (Ryder and Lommele, 2016) (Giles, 
et. al., 2016), with site host permission. The chargers will be maintained by Electrify America for the 
duration of the Partial Consent Decree. 
3.5.2. Investment Selection Methodology 
 Rural infrastructure investments will be targeted toward communities in California’s rural areas 
including, but not limited to, the Central, Imperial, and Coachella Valleys. To select specific locations for 
rural Cycle 2 investments, Electrify America will analyze the following factors: 
1. Communities and locations with the greatest need for charging 
2. Existing charging options from both public and private charging networks 
3. Local commuting and travel patterns 
4. Real estate availability and cost 
5. Existing site infrastructure 

58 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
6. Installation costs 
7. Parking durations (facility dwell times) 
8. Parking lot/facility utilization, especially during nonstandard business hours (24/7) 
Electrify America will size the stations at each location based on anticipated local demand and site-
specific considerations. 
3.5.3. Investment Details 
Electrify America will deploy L2 stations in rural communities. The total budget for this pilot 
program will be approximately $2 million (see Table 10). Typical stations will have 5 dispensers with 
power levels between 6-10 kW which is expected to support approximately 175 – 225 L2 stations across 
more than approximately 35 sites.21 Consistent with Electrify America’s guiding principle to focus on a 
sustainable business model, this pilot program will allow Electrify America to gain insights that may be 
leveraged to sustainably deploy additional L2 charging in rural communities across future cycles of 
investment. 
Table 10: Cycle 2 Residential Investment 
Investment Estimated Number of Stations 
Rural L2 Stations 35 - 50 
Total 35 – 50 
 
 
 
21 Actual station site and power level will be dictated by site-specific real estate availability and available power. 

59 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.6. Autonomous Vehicle Charging ($2 - $4 million) 
3.6.1. Investment Overview 
The automotive industry is in transition as vehicle ownership models are being challenged by 
disruptive mobility alternatives. The next generation of potential automotive buyers are taking 
advantage of new mobility services (ride hail, car share, public transit), and the industry is becoming 
focused on the potential of new mobility choices. These trends can be summarized as Autonomous, 
Connected, Electrified, Shared (ACES) (INRIX, 2018), or as vehicle electrification, vehicle automation and 
pooling, and sharing (Sperling, 2018). In addition, recent announcements regarding autonomous vehicle 
deployments in Long Beach, San Francisco, and Sacramento are examples of how quickly charging for 
autonomous vehicles could emerge as a new infrastructure need (Rodd, 2018; Knight Foundation, 2018). 
While Electrify America is generating learnings in shared mobility programs through investments 
in the Green City Initiative in Sacramento, there are further learning opportunities associated with 
supporting autonomous service providers using electrified fleets. Accordingly, in Cycle 2, Electrify 
America is looking to partner with autonomous vehicle service providers to support their programs with 
autonomous charging solutions. 
3.6.2. Investment Selection Methodology 
Electrify America plans to partner with an existing autonomous vehicle company or companies 
to build an autonomous vehicle charging station(s) in a market where such a station(s) is necessary to 
serve emerging needs. As the autonomous fleet providers are subject to California legal limitations as to 
where they are able to operate their programs, Electrify America investment in this area will be subject 
to such location-based limitations. 
3.6.3. Investment Details 
Electrify America anticipates that two separate stations can be supported by this $2 to $4 
million infrastructure investment. Hardware deployed at the station (e.g., robotic arm) will depend on 
the available charging technology as well as the OEM vehicle capabilities in the market during Cycle 2. 
Please note: if for any reason Electrify America is unable to identify sufficient investments to 
meet the $2 to $4 million budget by June 2020, any remaining funds will be redistributed to other 
approved use cases in order to ensure Electrify America meets the spending requirements of the Partial 
Consent Decree. 

60 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.7. Hydrogen and Other Unanticipated Investments 
The National Outreach website received over 700 submissions, 17 of which discussed hydrogen 
solutions for investment in Cycle 2. Eight submissions came from hydrogen advocacy organizations or 
companies in the hydrogen and/or fuel cell business. Of the nine remaining submissions, five were from 
government agencies, which recommended deploying hydrogen fueling infrastructure. For example, 
Plug-in Central Coast recommended Cycle 2 funding for a hydrogen fueling station to fill a gap in the 
current station network. In addition, three government agencies recommended a focus on medium- 
and heavy-duty hydrogen applications, including at ports. One transit agency (San Diego Metro Transit 
System) noted interest in ZEV technology, to include either battery electric or hydrogen buses. 
Electrify America examined Cycle 2 investment opportunities in both hydrogen production and 
retailing, for light- and heavy-duty usage, and to date, has not identified concrete investment 
opportunities that can be made during the Cycle 2 investment window, which lead to a sustainable 
business model. In the submission request process, Electrify America emphasized that it was seeking 
investment ideas and opportunities during Cycle 2, and communicated that grant requests are not 
considered investments. Electrify America followed up with each submitter to discuss their suggestions, 
and in each case Electrify America reiterated its request for a specific investment opportunity to 
evaluate in either hydrogen production or hydrogen fueling stations. Electrify America had extremely 
informative and productive conversations with each submitter, and Electrify America also followed up 
with leads suggested by submitters, major automakers, major station investors, and industry experts at 
the Department of Energy. Unfortunately, despite this outreach and follow up, Electrify America did not 
receive specific investment proposals to consider. 
Electrify America also conducted its own in-depth study of the hydrogen fuel production and 
delivery value chain, in order to determine whether an investment could be justified economically 
during Cycle 2. 
Electrify America will continue to accept and evaluate investment (not grant) opportunities in 
hydrogen fueling throughout Cycle 2. Should any party present to Electrify America a specific, 
creditable, and sustainable investment in hydrogen fueling or any other eligible ZEV infrastructure as 
defined by Appendix C of the Partial Consent Decree, Electrify America will investigate the opportunity 
and consider it for investment in Cycle 2. Any new investment would reduce the budget dedicated to 
the above described infrastructure use cases in favor of the new effort. Electrify America would inform 
CARB staff of any reallocation of Cycle 2 funding to new ZEV infrastructure use cases not included in the 
Cycle 2 California ZEV Investment Plan. 
 
 
 

61 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.8. Infrastructure Investment Timeline and Milestones 
Through implementing the Cycle 1 ZEV Investment Plans, Electrify America has acquired 
extensive experience deploying DCFC and L2 stations across the country. In Cycle 2, Electrify America 
will leverage this experience to ensure an efficient and effective roll-out of the infrastructure 
investments outlined in this plan. Developing any charging site, and especially a high-powered DCFC site 
with several chargers, is an extensive and time intensive process involving multiple steps and the 
coordination of numerous parties including real estate owners, hardware vendors, construction 
contractors, utilities, and permitting agencies. The key steps necessary to develop each DCFC charging 
location, once a site has been secured, are outlined below: 
 Ordering equipment 
 Development of new property leads 
 Validating the suitability of multiple property leads per site 
 Negotiation and signing of lease or license agreements (or, where appropriate, purchasing 
property) 
 Development of permitting/pre‐construction packages 
 Filing permits 
 Warehousing equipment and quality assurance/quality control 
 Permit approval 
 Site preparation 
 Equipment delivery to site 
 Completion of site construction 
 Landscaping 
 Utility connection to the grid/inspection and any additional utility preparation including new 
transformers or upgraded substations 
 Commissioning 
 
The length of time needed to develop a charging location can vary significantly based on 
available real-estate, site characteristics, utility capacity, local permitting agencies, easements, and 
other geographic and business factors. Electrify America has already established an extensive list of 
major real-estate partners, which will aid in reducing the overall time necessary to identify charging sites 
in Cycle 2. In addition, Electrify America has established relationships with many local utilities and 
permitting agencies, allowing both parties to become more familiar with Electrify America’s 
infrastructure approach, while also improving Electrify America’s understanding of local processes. 
These relationships and learnings can make station development more predictable and streamlined over 
time. 
Continuing a practice already begun in Cycle 1, Electrify America will work closely with California 
state agencies, including the Governor's Office of Business and Economic Development, the California 
Department of Transportation, the California Energy Commission, and the California Public Utilities 
Commission, to improve charging infrastructure planning and deployment, to identify station site leads, 
and to improve processes such as permitting, easements, and other factors that slow down charging 
infrastructure installations. State agencies will play a critical role in enforcing AB 1236, which requires all 
local jurisdictions to establish expedited permitting for EV charging stations. These conversations also 
help identify other charging infrastructure programs or private/public funding opportunities that could 
be leveraged with Electrify America’s investments to further increase the net funding in infrastructure. 

62 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Considering learnings from Cycle 1, Electrify America plans to begin development of the first 
Cycle 2 stations as soon as the Cycle 2 California ZEV Investment Plan is found to be consistent with the 
Partial Consent Decree by CARB. If this determination is made prior to the start of Cycle 2, Electrify 
America will be able to conduct new RFPs, negotiate contracts, place orders for equipment, secure sites, 
and begin other key development activities in advance of the beginning of Cycle 2. Based on this 
schedule, by the end of 2019 the first Cycle 2 sites are expected to be online, with many additional Cycle 
2 sites well on their way through the development stage. Tables 11 through 15 illustrate the anticipated 
preliminary roll-out schedule for infrastructure sites across the different infrastructure use cases in Cycle 
2. 
Deployment of the rural, residential, and bus infrastructure will take place throughout Cycle 2. 
Upon plan approval, RFPs will be issued to select key vendors to support the execution of these 
investments, including hardware acquisition, software development, and installation partners. Electrify 
America will make every effort to execute these use cases in an accelerated manner in Cycle 2, while 
paying close attention to maintaining high quality and adhering to Electrify America’s guiding principles. 
The deployment schedule of the rural community charging investments, similar to other 
charging station deployments, is primarily contingent upon site acquisition. Once a site is acquired, the 
next largest variable is whether or not there is enough utility capacity at the site to support the 
additional load added by the charging stations. A site with enough existing utility transformer capacity 
to support the added load) can take between one and two weeks to construct (depending on the 
amount of trenching required). If utility transformer upgrades are required, a site can take upwards of 
one month to construct after site acquisition. 
The residential investment schedule will be primarily driven by customer uptake once the 
necessary website portals and software have been developed. Electrify America currently anticipates 
being able to initiate the residential offering to customers beginning in early 2020, but will accelerate 
this timing as much as feasible as software development timelines are further clarified. 
Bus and shuttle charging investments will similarly be driven by customer uptake. This 
investment will entail participation in transit procurement processes and the timing associated with 
bidding into those processes. Upon plan approval, Electrify America will rapidly begin identifying and 
participating in electric bus and shuttle procurement processes. 
 Table 11: Cycle 2 California Preliminary Infrastructure Deployment Schedule – All Sites 
Cycle 2 Infrastructure Investments1 
Quarter Pre-site selection In development Operational 
Q4 2019 1,920 – 2,600 680 - 850 5 - 10 
Q2 2020 1,300 – 1,730 670 - 850 635 - 880 
Q4 2020 620 - 890 670 - 850 1,315 – 1,720 
Q2 2021 0 - 0 670 - 850 1,935 – 2,610 
Q4 2021 0 - 0 0 - 0 2,630 – 3,460 
1Excludes Bus and Shuttle Charging schedule, see table below 
 

63 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Table 12: Cycle 2 California Preliminary Infrastructure Deployment Schedule - Metro Community Charging and 
Regional Route and Highway Sites 
Cycle 2 Metro Community Charging and Regional Route and Highway Investments 
Quarter Pre-site selection In development Operational 
Q4 2019 40 - 50 10 - 20 5 - 10 
Q2 2020 30 - 40 10 - 20 10 - 20 
Q4 2020 10 - 20 10 - 20 30 - 40 
Q2 2021 0 - 0 10 - 20 45 - 60 
Q4 2021 0 - 0 0 - 0 ~80 
 
Table 13: Cycle 2 California Preliminary Infrastructure Deployment Schedule - Residential Sites 
Cycle 2 Residential Sites 
Quarter Pre-site selection In development Operational 
Q4 2019 1,850 – 2,500 650 - 800 - 
Q2 2020 1,250 – 1,650 650 - 800 600 - 850 
Q4 2020 600 - 850 650 - 800 1,250 – 1,650 
Q2 2021 - 650 - 800 1,850 – 2,500 
Q4 2021 - - 2,500 – 3,300 
 
Table 14: Cycle 2 California Preliminary Infrastructure Deployment Schedule - Bus and Shuttle Chargers 
Cycle 2 Bus and Shuttle Chargers 
Quarter Pre-site selection In development Operational 
Q4 2019 10 - 15 5 - 10 0 – 0 
Q2 2020 5 - 10 5 - 10 5 – 5 
Q4 2020 0 - 5 5 - 10 10 - 10 
Q2 2021 0 - 0 5 - 10 10 - 15 
Q4 2021 - - 15 - 25 
 
Table 15: Cycle 2 California Preliminary Infrastructure Deployment Schedule - Rural Community Charging Sites 
Cycle 2 Rural Community Charging Sites 
Quarter Pre-site selection In development Operational 
Q4 2019 26 - 38 9 - 12 0 - 0 
Q2 2020 17 - 26 9 - 12 9 - 12 
Q4 2020 8 - 14 8 - 12 18 - 24 
Q2 2021 0 - 0 8 - 14 26 - 36 
Q4 2021 0 - 0 0 - 0 35 - 50 
 
 
 

64 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Electrify America’s Cycle 2 DCFC roll-out strategy includes two major phases. In Cycle 1, Electrify 
America deployed the first UL Certified 150 kW and 350 kW DCFC stations in the United States. These 
first-of-their-kind stations provide drivers the capability to refuel up to 20 miles of range for every 
minute charging,22 along with universal driver access through credit/debit card readers and a simplified 
and intuitive charging experience presented by a 15-inch touch screen display. In Phase 1 of the Cycle 2 
roll-out, Electrify America will leverage this existing station design to increase the coverage of the 
Electrify America network. In Phase 2, Electrify America will monitor emerging technology 
developments and will consider adjusting hardware design and strategy, taking into account lessons 
learned and customer feedback regarding the original design. This two-phase approach will allow 
Electrify America to rapidly increase the convenience of charging BEVs, while also allowing for longer-
lead times necessary to modify station designs and acquire sites in more challenging areas. 
In Cycle 2, Electrify America will continue to rely upon the capabilities and innovations of an 
extensive group of experienced suppliers to support the deployment of charging infrastructure. Electrify 
America will engage in a competitive procurement process to select vendors as necessary to meet the 
build-out schedules for Phase 1 and Phase 2 of the Cycle 2 schedule. This process will consist of issuing 
inclusive Requests for Information (RFI) and Requests for Proposals (RFPs) to support activities such as 
site identification, site development, and procurement of both current and newly designed charging 
equipment. This procurement process is expected to begin by Q1 2019 and run through Cycle 2. 
 
 
22 Assumes 3.5 miles per kWh. 

65 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.9. Maintenance Plan for Infrastructure 
Electrify America’s mission to build a comprehensive, technologically-advanced and customer-
centric charging network requires that equipment be maintained to industry-leading standards, 
customer support is available when needed, and stations are repaired in a timely manner when issues 
occur. Regardless of whether maintenance is performed in house or by a contractor, Electrify America 
has ensured contractual requirements to reasonably resolve issues with all stations within a maximum 
of 72 hours. 
To meet these expectations, Electrify America conducted a competitive bid process and selected 
a vendor to provide maintenance for all Electrify America DCFC stations nationwide. This agreement 
includes routine preventative, campaign, and emergency maintenance for all stations through the 
contract period. Prior to the conclusion of the contract, or as necessary, Electrify America will solicit 
competitive bids to ensure no lapses in maintenance coverage for 10 years from the Partial Consent 
Decree effective date. In addition, all Cycle 2 stations will be marked with a toll-free customer service 
hotline. Should a customer encounter any issues fueling at an Electrify America station, the 24/7 
Customer Contact Center will be available to provide support. Agents and operators have access to real-
time station status information and can perform tasks such as reviewing unit performance history, 
initiating a charge, resetting a charger, or other issue resolution tasks. 
Customer experience will be the top priority as Electrify America launches new L2 initiatives in 
Cycle 2. To support charger availability and customer satisfaction at Electrify America’s L2 charging 
investments, Electrify America will ensure that each Cycle 2 funded station is marked with a toll-free 
customer service phone number answered by a live operator and that service, maintenance, and repair 
are provided in a timely manner. 
 

66 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3.10. Pricing, Interoperability, and Open Access 
Broadly speaking, Electrify America intends to own and operate most of its ZEV infrastructure 
investments, though some investments may be handled under different ownership/operating structures 
as required for specific locations and use case needs. At those stations for which Electrify America 
operates the infrastructure, pricing will be a function of inputs including utility costs, station capital and 
operating costs, competitor pricing for subscription and rack rate products, and gasoline equivalent 
prices. Electrify America will set and adjust prices as required to reflect these inputs and drive toward a 
sustainable business model that always offers fair and reasonable value given our optimal charger 
utilization targets. 
To maximize public access to its network of charging stations, Electrify America stations will 
continue to have the ability to charge plug-in EVs using a mix of non-proprietary connectors used by 
multiple automakers. Specifically, public facing DCFC stations will utilize CCS and CHAdeMO non-
proprietary charging standards, while L2 stations will utilize the universally accepted J1772 connector. 
Throughout Cycle 2, Electrify America will continue to monitor the developing market of non-proprietary 
connectors to determine which types of connectors and mix should be deployed as technology and sales 
evolve. 
Electrify America will also support open protocols including Open Charge Point Protocol (OCPP) 
that allow more standardized communication between different chargers and networks. Electrify 
America will also work to maintain OCPP compliance and other measures to help maximize 
interoperability, a term that describes the ease of communication between the charger and the network 
it is on. Electrify America’s public DCFC stations are all equipped with credit/debit card readers, and 
Electrify America believes that true access to charging stations is best guaranteed through credit card 
readers. In addition, Electrify America’s public stations will be equipped with back end systems that can 
use Open Charge Point Interface (OCPI) 2.1 to communicate with other networks, when a business 
agreement is secured. Electrify America continues to pursue agreements with other network providers, 
and supports CARB’s regulations focusing on a common, non-proprietary communication interface that 
does not require use of any particular firm’s intellectual property or mandate contractual terms among 
private sector actors. Electrify America’s network of ultra-fast chargers will also have the ability to 
accept multiple payment methods (e.g., subscriptions, mobile pay, RFID, credit cards, and “Plug-and-
Charge” standardized in IEC/ISO 15118) to simplify usage as much as possible across a range of buyers. 
Through the support of multiple charging standards, the ability to accept multiple payment methods, 
and a strong focus on publicly-accessible infrastructure, Electrify America will be building a highly 
interoperable network that provides access to as many consumers as possible. 
 

67 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
4. Public Education, Awareness, and Marketing Activities 
To complement the infrastructure portion of its ZEV investments, Electrify America will also roll 
out a broad set of education, awareness, and marketing programs in Cycle 2. The effort consists of 
media and tools from across the marketing spectrum including traditional media (e.g., TV, radio, 
billboards, etc.) as well as more targeted efforts including ‘Discover and Drive’ events and ‘new media,’ 
such as social media messaging and paid search. This effort will include distinct campaigns intended to 
support two distinct themes of Appendix C of the Partial Consent Decree: increasing the use of zero 
emission vehicle technology and driving utilization of Electrify America’s zero emission infrastructure. 
Stakeholders and academic scholars repeatedly cite education and awareness as a critical input 
for ZEV adoption. Electrify America’s National Outreach website received over 25 submissions from 
California stakeholders highlighting the importance of these efforts, including many invitations to 
participate in specific events or programs. The City of Santa Cruz suggested Electrify America “partner 
with the city, non-profit partners and advocacy groups, and UCSC to expand awareness and knowledge 
of EVs….” Similarly, the Leadership Counsel for Justice and Accountability strongly supports Electrify 
America developing “meaningful education and outreach programs in California.” Stakeholders at in-
person meetings in Fresno and Bakersfield also stressed the importance of combining education and 
awareness efforts with infrastructure installations and focused on the importance of partnering with 
local community organizations to maximize the impact of these activities. 
 
Recent academic research also shows that mass-market ZEV adoption has been significantly 
limited by low awareness. Strategic Vision’s 2016 New Vehicle Experience Study found that just 48% of 
new car buyers in California and 41% of national buyers have ever heard of a ZEV (see Figure 26). 
Similarly, a 2017 Cox Automotive EV consumer study showed that the first electric vehicle that comes to 
mind for consumers is not actually a battery electric vehicle – it is a Toyota Prius, a hybrid. With such 
low awareness as a starting point, it is no surprise that an even smaller number of buyers actually take 
an EV for a test drive and ultimately purchase or lease one. 
Figure 26: Electrify America Cycle 1 Education and Awareness Overview 


68 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Electrify America also recognizes the importance of driving utilization across its network of 
stations. Station utilization is a key metric by which our infrastructure investments are judged, and thus 
a component of Electrify America’s outreach funding will be dedicated to building awareness of Electrify 
America’s network and helping drivers find our stations. 
 

69 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
4.1. Public Education, Awareness, and Marketing Framework 
Electrify America has developed two holistic marketing campaigns to educate and inspire likely 
buyers about ZEV technology, vehicle models, financial incentives, and fueling availability. The 
campaigns together leverage all four corners of the marketing sphere - Paid, Earned, Shared, and Owned 
(PESO) content (Robinson, 2016) – and are designed to deliver a consistent message across media types. 
 Paid Media is content that is distributed based on financial compensation to place the 
message, and control its distribution, including traditional TV, radio, and out of home 
(billboard) advertising and sponsored content on social media. 
 Earned Media is the published coverage of a company, cause, or person's message by a 
credible third party, such as a journalist, blogger, trade analyst, or industry influencer. 
Examples of this include press release content published in newspapers or magazines. 
 Shared Media is the practice of distributing content through an entity’s own loyal user 
base or audience. Examples of shared media include posts on Twitter, LinkedIn, and 
Instagram. 
 Owned Media is the aggregation and dissemination of content from loyal 
customers/followers and then redistributing this content. Examples include 
customer/employee stories published on a company’s website. 
Electrify America’s efforts to boost ZEV adoption in a brand-neutral manner and to drive Electrify 
America station utilization will both use this model because it allows for amplifying the message across 
platforms and targeting spend to the most effective channels. The breakdown of activities, by channel, 
is shown in Figure 27. 
 
Figure 27: PESO Model Overview 

70 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
4.2. Boosting ZEV Adoption through Education and Awareness (~$17 million) 
Electrify America will spend approximately $17 million in Cycle 2 to boost ZEV adoption through 
informing mainstream car buyers on the key benefits offered by ZEVs in a brand-neutral manner. In its 
2017 New Vehicle Experience Study, Strategic Vision found that drivers identify performance (handling 
and cornering) and comfort (ride quality and quiet interior) as two of the top four ‘Extremely Important’ 
characteristics when shopping for a vehicle. As such, Cycle 2 efforts to drive ZEV adoption will focus on 
four messaging pillars around ZEVs: performance, range, product spectrum, and charging infrastructure 
(see Figure 28). 
Performance messaging will highlight 
the acceleration, ride quality, and quietness 
offered by ZEV technology. Range will focus on 
the fact that the range of today’s fleet of ZEVs 
meet the needs of the overwhelming majority 
of drivers. Product Spectrum will describe the 
diversity of ZEV makes and models, from SUVs 
to sports cars and luxury vehicles. Finally, 
Charging Infrastructure will help instill range 
confidence while highlighting the convenience 
offered by both public charging infrastructure 
and home charging today. 
The majority (~$11 million) of spending 
on this effort is dedicated to advertising aimed 
at the top of the ‘sales conversion funnel’ (see 
Figure 29). The ‘sales conversion funnel’ 
describes a typical customer’s journey from complete unawareness of a product, through awareness, 
consideration, test drive, and ultimate adoption. Figure 30 provides additional details on the contents 
of each category in the sales conversion funnel. 
Figure 28: ZEV Education and Awareness Messaging Pillars 
Figure 29: ZEV Sales Conversion Funnel and Primary Paid Media Categories 


71 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Figure 30: Additional Details on Paid Media Categories 
 
In Cycle 1, Electrify America has focused on building awareness through high impact media 
executions, with more limited emphasis on consideration and test drives. For example, Electrify 
America created a TV and radio spot called the ‘Jetstones’ which highlights that ZEVs are more available, 
fun to drive, and more affordable than ever. 
Over the course of Cycle 2, Electrify America expects consumer awareness to improve as a result 
of multiple factors. First, Electrify America’s hope is that its early efforts, in combination with the 
activities from many others in the EV community, will boost awareness in the market. In parallel, new 
EV models will come to market and Electrify America expects their associated launch campaigns to help 
drive increased awareness. If successful, these combined efforts should drive a bump in overall market 
awareness. 
 


72 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
 
As awareness improves, Electrify America will shift its focus down the ‘sales conversion funnel’ 
to tactics that drive ZEV consideration (see Figure 31). 
Electrify America’s Cycle 2 media strategy will be broken into three flights: Flight 1 will run from 
July 2019 through mid-2020; Flight 2 will run from mid-2020 through mid-2021; and Flight 3 will run 
through the end of Cycle 2. The focus of each successive flight will shift further down the sales 
conversion funnel using those media tactics appropriate for the targeted messaging. Using established 
geo-targeting methods, 35% of this media spend will be placed in disadvantaged and low-income 
communities. 
This media plan is subject to informed revision, based on market impacts and evidence of 
effectiveness. The shift in focus laid out in the plan below from awareness building to consideration and 
test drives will be evaluated based on learnings, results, market conditions, and evidence of general 
consumer awareness on an ongoing basis. Electrify America may make adjustments to maximize impact 
on ZEV adoption as necessary and appropriate during Cycle 2. 
Cycle 2 – Flight 1 Paid Media Plan: 23 
Our approach to the Flight 1 media 
plan is to continue the momentum of Cycle 
1 messaging and continue driving overall 
ZEV awareness. Specifically, Electrify 
America will focus the bulk of spending on 
‘upper funnel’ media such as TV, Radio, and 
Out of Home (OOH). Electrify America will 
leverage the momentum of ZEV vehicle 
launches in 2019 and 2020 to establish 
additional awareness among car buyers (see 
Figure 32). 
 
23 This plan reflects Electrify America’s best projection of Cycle 2 media spending a t the time of plan drafting. Due 
to economic, political, and societal shifts in the market, media costs of each component may change, and 
therefore shift the optimal mix of investments. Electrify America will work with a competitively -selected media 
agency to optimize media spending for maximum impact on ZEV adoption. 
Figure 32: Proposed Cycle 2 - Flight 1 Paid Media Plan 
Figure 31: Comparison of Cycle 1 vs Cycle 2 Education and Awareness Messages 


73 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Cycle 2 – Flight 2 Paid Media Plan: 24 
 In 2020, ZEV penetration is 
anticipated to rise and as a result, consumer 
awareness is expected to be stronger. Flight 
2 will evolve by increasing media efforts to 
drive an already educated audience towards 
consideration and trial. To capture these 
audiences, Electrify America will refine our 
investment25 towards channels that allow 
for advanced targeting such as online video, 
social, and in-stream audio (see Figure 33). 
Cycle 2 – Flight 3 Paid Media Plan: 26 
By the latter stage of Cycle 2, 
Electrify America will focus on driving 
consumers toward ZEV test drive 
opportunities at their local dealers and 
ultimately to purchasing ZEVs. To promote 
test drives, Electrify America will utilize 
channels that capture consumer intent 
including social, search, and programmatic 
display (see Figure 34). 
Additional Education and Awareness 
Tactics 
In addition to paid media efforts that will be conducted in the three flights described above, 
Electrify America plans to leverage additional tactics to drive ZEV adoption throughout the cycle. These 
represent a much smaller slice of the overall Education and Awareness budget, but provide consumers 
another touch point and unique interaction with ZEVs. These investments are highly dependent on 
specific projects or opportunities, and thus are difficult to identify in advance. However, some ideas 
under consideration include: 
 Social Influencers: Working with key social media influencers, such as bloggers or tech reviewers 
to develop ZEV related content. Influencers could be provided with a range of ZEV technologies 
to review, educate, and boost awareness around the “fun to drive” aspect of ZEVs. The goal of 
this activity will be to promote ZEV awareness in social media channels using “trusted” 
influencers to spread positive reviews of living with a ZEV on a regular basis. The City of Los 
Angeles also offered to collaborate to “publish stories of community members and organizations 
 
24 See footnote 23. 
25 According to Appendix C, budget items related to education, awareness, access, and marketing are defined as a 
category of “ZEV investment.” Traditional accounting practices categorize these items as spending due to their 
lack of a forecastable rate of return. 
26 See footnote 23. 
Figure 33: Proposed Cycle 2 - Flight 2 Paid Media Plan 
Figure 34: Proposed Cycle 2 - Flight 3 Paid Media Plan 


74 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
which have benefited from the charging infrastructure and use of ZEVs.” If appropriate, Electrify 
America will work with local social influencers that can provide content in other languages. 
 
 Memberships and Sponsorships: As proposed by numerous submitters to Electrify America’s 
National Outreach Process, including the County of Los Angeles, Plug In America, and Veloz, 
establishing partnerships with consumer-oriented organizations to create content/events/test 
drives that promote ZEV adoption.27 
 
 Experience Centers: Including refueling infrastructure and education materials at a ZEV 
experience center with high visibility and public exposure. 
 
 STEM Education: As referenced in 17 National Outreach Process submissions from California, 
potential concepts include providing curriculums to Kindergarten through 12th grade 
classrooms, vocational schools, community colleges, vehicle dealerships, and professional 
training on ZEVs and charging infrastructure. Other education activities may include sponsoring 
programs to “certify” qualified dealers that have dedicated and trained staff that are fully versed 
in ZEVs and their associated purchase considerations (wall box installation, discounted utility 
offers, local/state/federal incentives, public charging subscriptions, etc.) 
 
 Supporting Local Entities Building Awareness in Low-Income and Disadvantaged Communities: In 
addition to directing 35% of mass media spending to low-income and disadvantaged 
communities, Electrify America will also dedicate $2 to $3 million to support local entities, such 
as community-based organizations (CBOs), which promote awareness and consideration of 
ZEVs. Together with these entities, Electrify America will develop information and campaign 
tools highlighting the incentives available for low-income and disadvantaged community 
residents. Similar to Cycle 1, low-income and disadvantaged community activities may include 
‘Discover and Drive’ events28 and STEM programs to train the next generation. Depending on 
the effectiveness of both: (1) community level outreach efforts and (2) mass market media 
targeted to build awareness and consideration in low-income and disadvantaged communities 
in Cycle 1, Electrify America may choose to divert a portion of the 35% media budget to 
additional programs focused on community-level efforts. 
In total, the approximately $17 million budget breaks down as shown in Figure 35. 
 
 
27 For further details on creditability of memberships and sponsorships, please see Appendix 2 
28 Cycle 1 ‘Discover and Drive’ events had an outsized impact on low-income populations. Approximately 53 
percent of all participants reported incomes at or below California’s definition for low-income. 

75 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Figure 35: California Education and Awareness Budget ($ million) 
 
 


76 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
4.3. Boosting Station Utilization through Marketing (~$10 million) 
One of the core metrics by which Electrify America investments are measured is station 
utilization. Specifically, Electrify America must drive utilization to demonstrate its investments are 
“addressing an existing need or supporting a reasonably anticipated need” as outlined in the Partial 
Consent Decree, and Electrify America reports station utilization in its annual reports. To address this, 
Electrify America is targeting $10 million of spending on marketing and will communicate four key 
pillars: 
 Location: Highlighting the locations of Electrify America’s chargers to customers and 
instilling range confidence. 
 Speed: Conveying the high-powered speeds at which Electrify America chargers can 
charge a BEV, offering consumers a more convenient charging experience. 
 Affordability: Promoting the affordability of charging offered by Electrify America’s 
network, including subscription plans and charging bundles provided by automotive 
manufacturers that will be available to customers. 
 Customer-centricity: Showcasing that Electrify America’s infrastructure is designed with 
the consumer experience first – stations are located near retail and amenities, accept 
nearly all payment methods, and the charger and app interfaces are user friendly. 
Our messaging goal is to change range anxiety to range confidence by generating awareness of 
our charging stations including our convenient metro and highway locations, our customer-centric 
charging experience (credit card access/no membership required to access our chargers), and our high-
powered offerings of up to 350kW that will allow for 200 miles of charging in as little as 10 minutes 
(depending upon vehicle capacity to access such fast charging). 
The largest portion of Electrify America’s activities will be digital advertising targeted at specific 
groups that are most likely to be able to utilize the Electrify America charging network. Electrify America 
will use digital tools including online search and programmatic digital display to reach these prospects 
and deliver the right message (e.g., promotion of closest EV charging location) at the right time (e.g., 
when someone is searching for a EV charger). Examples of potential targeted audiences include: new 
and used ZEV buyers, EV customers graduating out of embedded OEM charging programs, EV driver club 
members, and prospective ZEV considerers/researchers.29 
 In addition to digital advertising, Electrify America will leverage alternative tactics with a much 
smaller portion of the overall budget. These tactics include: 
• Partner Marketing: Exploring the opportunity to work with OEMs and site hosts to promote Electrify 
America’s ever-expanding network of locations. 
• Customer Relations Management (CRM): As charger utilization increases, it is important to keep 
customers and prospects informed of the new charger installations. Electrify America will establish 
 
29 Station utilization spending will be targeted at likely customers/prospects, whether or not the target lives within 
a low-income and/or disadvantaged community. As ZEV awareness and adoption improve over time, residents of 
low-income and disadvantaged communities are expected to become an increasing portion of the target audience, 
a trend Electrify America intends to track. Electrify America will use programmatic/digital media tools (e.g., search 
term optimization, digital banner ads) to reach these prospects when they are actively in market. 

77 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
a cadence of electronic communications via email to keep our customers and prospects informed. 
Additionally, leveraging online video, Electrify America may create a video series that showcases 
how to use our DCFC and the customer benefits of charging at our stations. 
• Membership and Sponsorship: Support trade groups and conferences promoting the adoption of EV 
technology. Such membership dues and sponsorship fees would be associated with the Electrify 
America brand.30 
• Events: Support key industry events by providing promotional charging sessions and branded 
materials to encourage charging adoption and membership enrollments. 
• Highway Signs: Brand state and national highway exit signage for Electrify America charging sites. 
• Public Relations: Conduct media campaigns that are designed to feature Electrify America metro 
and highway charging stations. For example, press activities can focus on living with a ZEV on a daily 
basis without access to a dedicated L2 charger using our metro DCFC infrastructure and/or 
conducting a cross country media program that uses the company’s highway DCFC locations to 
highlight that “road trips” to popular destinations in a “one car” ZEV family can be easily managed. 
In total, the $10 million budget breaks down as shown in below in Figure 36. 
Figure 36: California Station Utilization Budget ($ million) 
 
 
30 For further details on creditability of memberships and sponsorships, please see Appendix 2. 


78 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
5. Green City 
Electrify America is investing $44 
million of its Cycle 1 budget in Sacramento 
in a Green City Initiative. This $44 million 
investment is already approved and is not 
formally part of this Cycle 2 California ZEV 
Investment Plan, but the mobility projects 
being provided by Electrify America and its 
vendors will operate for the duration of 
Cycle 2. 
This effort, which includes 
investments in two BEV car-share 
programs, two BEV bus/shuttles, and all 
associated charging infrastructure, will 
showcase emerging uses of ZEV technology 
and promote increased ZEV usage. These 
efforts also provide access to ZEVs to those 
who do not own or cannot afford to own 
ZEVs, and therefore represent a key 
underserved population. Each of the two 
car-share initiatives will operate in areas 
comprised of 70% or greater low-income 
and disadvantaged communities. In 
addition, the Franklin Boulevard regional 
on-demand ZEV shuttle service will 
enhance mobility service in a previously 
underserved service territory, at least 90% 
BEV Car Share 
The Green City BEV car-share programs will 
deploy ~400 BEVs across Sacramento. The Gig 
program will be a ‘free float’ model with 260 
electric Chevrolet Bolts. These cars can be picked 
up and dropped off anywhere within a 13 square 
mile area. The Envoy-led program will deploy 142 
VW e-Golfs across 71 properties. These vehicles 
will be available to residents of the properties 
and must be returned to where they started. 
Vehicles in both programs will be available for 
use on personal trips or for drivers to participate 
in the gig-economy (e.g. providing ride-hail 
services through a TNC). By deploying these two 
unique services, Electrify America can compare 
and contrast the models to improve the success 
of future ZEV car-share investments. 
BEV Bus/Shuttle 
Electrify America is investing in one bus and one 
shuttle service in Sacramento. The electric bus 
service will include 12 new BEV buses that will 
run between UC Davis main campus and the UC 
Davis Health campus in Sacramento. The bus 
service is expected to add more than 400,000 bus 
rides in the first year of operation. The on-
demand micro-shuttle service will be operated by 
Sacramento Regional Transit in the Franklin 
Boulevard region of Sacramento. The on-demand 
micro-shuttle service will include three BEV 
shuttles, and is expected to provide 26,000 rides 
in the first year. 
Charging Infrastructure 
In addition to the BEV car-share and BEV 
bus/shuttle programs, Electrify America will be 
installing more than 10 DCFC locations in the 
Sacramento area. These chargers will not only 
support the Green City programs, but will also 
support ZEV adoption in the region more broadly. 
Green City Investments 
 
“Our partnership with Electrify America 
is a key piece of the City of 
Sacramento’s effort to become a 
national center for testing and 
development of alternative and 
autonomous vehicle technologies. And 
just as importantly, the new shuttles 
and car services connect this new 
technology to our neighborhoods by 
increasing mobility options for 
residents, particularly in economically 
disadvantaged areas,” 
– Sacramento Mayor Darrel Steinberg 

79 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
of which is a low-income or disadvantaged community. 
While the bulk of these programs have been funded using the Cycle 1 California ZEV Investment 
Plan’s $44 million budget, the investments will only begin to reach their full potential and impact on the 
community in Cycle 2 – new bus offerings take time to catch on as riders adjust their daily commutes, 
and car-share programs need time to market their services and scale up their customer base. The true 
changes to transportation patterns and mobility for Sacramento residents will come to life as these 
services ramp up over the course of Cycle 2. As a result, Electrify America’s Cycle 2 Green City efforts 
will focus on providing operational support and strategic guidance for these fledgling services and 
closely monitoring progress. 
Electrify America also expects to capture key insights and learnings from operating these 
services. Operating a ZEV car-share service can have added complexity over its ICE counterparts due to 
challenges in maintaining high levels of charge within the fleet. The two programs will offer valuable 
insights into how to maintain this service in a cost-effective and operationally sustainable manner. The 
car-share models will also help Sacramento and Electrify America better understand usage patterns for 
car-share vehicles, especially with regards to use in the gig economy. The BEV buses offer a unique 
opportunity to learn how to deploy charging infrastructure for electric shuttles and buses within a 
region. Understanding the mix of high-speed and long-dwell chargers and the impacts on cost and 
flexibility for a system will enable better deployments of ZEV buses in the coming years. Sacramento 
Regional Transit and Yolo County Transportation District will also learn how to integrate electric buses 
within the broader transit fleet. By the end of Cycle 2, Electrify America will investigate opportunities to 
leverage these learnings into a second Green City investment in Cycle 3 or Cycle 4. 
 

80 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
6. Community Impacts 
The Electrify America is committed to making a difference through our investments across the 
United States. The impacts take many forms. 
Economic Impacts 
The $2 billion ZEV Investment Commitment is already having a big impact on California 
businesses. To date, Electrify America has contracted 14 California firms for a total contract value of 
$77.9 million. In addition, based on figures from the Council of Economic Advisors and U.S. Department 
of Transportation related to highway and transit investments, the $200 million being invested in 
California in Cycle 2 is estimated to support up to 1,500 jobs over the 2.5 years of the Cycle.31 In total, 
Electrify America’s Cycle 2 investments in California are estimated to generate over 100,000 staff-hours 
of new work. 
Clean Energy Access Working Group 
Electrify America is an active member of the Clean Energy Access Working Group, launched by 
Southern California Edison and The Greenlining Institute, to develop community-centric solutions for 
healthy air and environment, to identify barriers to ZEV adoption in low-income and disadvantaged 
communities, and to explore viable solutions to these barriers. The Working Group harnesses 
environmental, faith-based, and community groups to inform members of the public vulnerable to the 
adverse effects of pollution, which include disadvantaged and low-income communities. The 
organization highlights the benefits of adopting clean technologies, such as electric vehicles, as 
pathways to improve the air quality in and around their communities. 
Recruiting and Hiring Underrepresented Groups 
Electrify America believes diversity in backgrounds and experiences within our team is an 
important part of our cultural fabric and a key to driving ZEV adoption for all Californians. For example, 
our California-based infrastructure construction team is currently majority female, in an industry where 
more than 90 percent of the workforce is male (U.S. Department of Labor, 2017, Table 18). To achieve 
this diversity, Electrify America has implemented a set of recruiting practices that promote career 
openings to many traditionally underrepresented groups. Volkswagen Group of America, which 
provides human resource services to Electrify America, participates in INROADS, an organization that 
prepares young people from disadvantaged backgrounds for careers in corporate America. We also 
partner with Out and Equal and exhibit at their conference focused on workplace fairness for the LGBT 
community. We recently launched a Veterans Employee Resource Group and plan to use this group for 
outreach and recruiting of veterans. Finally, we plan to partner with WorkplaceDiversity.com to 
promote Electrify America careers across a range of diversity-focused recruiting sites including 
HispanicDiversity.com, DisabilityConnect.com, VeteransConnect.com, and AllDiversity.com. 
 
31 The Council of Economic Advisors estimates that every $1 billion in federal highway and transit investment 
would support 13,000 jobs. This total count includes direct, indirect, and induced jobs. The estimate here is for 
the number of jobs created by infrastructure investments, and it does not include jobs created through education, 
awareness, and outreach or Electrify America overhead. The estimate assumes that ZEV investments create a 
similar number of job-hours per dollar spent as highway and transit investments. 

81 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Supporting a Rich Supplier Base 
Electrify America is committed to ensuring that investment under its ZEV Investment 
Commitment reflects the rich and diverse characteristics of California and its people. To meet this 
commitment, Electrify America staff conducts outreach efforts and activities to: ensure potential new 
suppliers and contractors are aware of Request for Proposal (RFP) opportunities resulting from the ZEV 
Investment Commitment; to encourage greater participation by underrepresented groups, including 
certified veteran-, women-, and minority-owned businesses; and to assist applicants in understanding 
how to participate in the RPF process. 
Electrify America’s purchasing team maintains a list of potential minority-, women-, and 
veteran-owned vendors, and the team has established attracting diverse suppliers as a key internal 
goal. Electrify America includes language in all RFPs indicating our commitment to a diverse vendor 
base, and bidders to Electrify America RFPs are asked to include information regarding certified 
minority-, women-, and veteran-owned business enterprise participation in base bids and options. On a 
semi-annual basis, Electrify America continues to survey its vendors to assess the job creation and 
economic activity occurring as a result of the ZEV Investment Commitment, particularly in 
disadvantaged and low-income communities and among minority-, women- and veteran-owned 
businesses. 
To build on our progress, in 2018 Electrify America is bringing in experts from the Volkswagen 
Group of America procurement team to train all staff engaged in the RFP process. These award winning 
experts, who have been frequently recognized for their diversity procurement practices 
(Chattanoogan.com, April 28, 2017), will train Electrify America staff on best practices for attracting 
veteran-, minority- and women-owned firms to respond to our RFPs. 
And in Cycle 2, Electrify America will hold a Diversity Supplier Trade Show in California. This 
event will be modeled on Volkswagen Group of America’s highly successful diverse supplier trade show 
held last year, which allowed diverse suppliers to connect with Volkswagen’s tier 1 suppliers 
(Chattanoogan.com, November 8, 2017). In Cycle 2, Electrify America’s event in California will give 
opportunities for minority-, women- and veteran-owned businesses to pitch their abilities to our 
California-based vendors (e.g. GIG Car Share, Envoy, BTC, Greenlots, and Black and Veatch) who are 
hiring subcontractors in order to implement their contractual obligations to Electrify America. While 
Electrify America does not control or direct vendor subcontracting activity, this event would enable 
valuable connections to be made between our vendors and diverse subcontractors. Electrify America 
plans to bring onboard outside expertise and assistance from an events vendor and/or California-based 
minority procurement expert in order to assure that this event is a success. 

82 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Advancing ZEV Awareness at Public Events 
Electrify America executives and staff are frequently asked to speak or participate in dozens of 
meetings, conferences, and other events regarding electric vehicles, charging technology, and ZEV 
mobility. Electrify America does not accept most invitations received, in order to focus resources on ZEV 
infrastructure and investment executions. However, Electrify America attempts to participate in events 
which are specifically focused on ZEV technology, which are likely to grow ZEV awareness and which are 
consistent with Electrify America’s obligations and spirit of the National Outreach Process. These 
forums have allowed Electrify America to increase general awareness of ZEV technology, to introduce 
audiences to the ZEV Investment Plans, and to collaborate with a small, but ever-growing industry 
focused on increased ZEV adoption. 

83 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
7. Closing 
Electrify America once again thanks the hundreds of stakeholders, as well as the CARB staff, for 
providing input, guidance, suggestions, and insights in support of the development of this plan. Building 
out the largest high-powered, non-propriety ZEV refueling network in the United States is a monumental 
task, one which would also not be possible without the support of the ZEV community – from 
consumers, to utilities, suppliers, and government entities. Electrify America looks forward to continued 
collaboration in pursuit of ZEV adoption in California and across the United States through the ZEV 
Investment Commitment and beyond. While this investment is ambitious in its size and impact, it is also 
a pivotal and transformational opportunity to increase the mass-market adoption of ZEVs in California. 
We are energized and inspired by California’s unwavering resolve to lead ZEV adoption, and we 
are excited to support this important effort with our investments. 

84 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Sources Cited 
Sources used in the creation of this plan are listed below: 
Anderson, J., Kalra, N., Stanley, K., Sorensen, P., Samaras, C., Oluwatola, O. (2016). Autonomous Vehicle 
Technology A guide for Policymakers. RAND Corporation. Retrieved from 
https://www.rand.org/content/dam/rand/pubs/research_reports/RR400/RR443-2/RAND_RR443-2.pdf 
Blanco, S. (2017). “IVYS Simple Fuel Station Offers Homemade Hydrogen For $250,000 – live video, 
UPDATE”. InsideEVs.com. Retrieved from: https://insideevs.com/ivys-simple-fuel-hydrogen-station/ 
Boston Consulting Group. (2017). By 2030, 25% of Miles Driven in US Could Be in Shared Self-Driving 
Electric Cars [Press Release]. Retrieved from https://www.bcg.com/d/press/10april2017-future-
autonomous-electric-vehicles-151076 
Burfeind, M. (2018). The Future of Mobility: The ACES. INRIX. Retrieved from: 
http://inrix.com/blog/2018/06/aces/ 
California Air Resources Board. Glossary. Retrieved from 
https://ww2.arb.ca.gov/about/glossary?f%5B0%5D=name%3AZ#search_anchor 
California Air Resources Board. (2018). 2018 Annual Evaluation of Fuel Cell Electric Vehicle Deployment 
& Hydrogen Fuel Station Network Development. California Air Resources Board. Retrieved from: 
https://www.arb.ca.gov/msprog/zevprog/ab8/ab8_report_2018_print.pdf 
California Air Resources Board. (2018b). Low-Income Barriers Study, Part B: Overcoming Barriers to 
Clean Transportation Access for Low-Income Residents. Retrieved from: 
https://www.arb.ca.gov/msprog/transoptions/sb350_final_guidance_document_022118.pdf 
California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC). (2018). CPUC Authorized Passenger Carriers to Provide 
Free Test Rides in Autonomous Vehicles with Valid CPUC and DMV Permits [Press release]. Retrieved 
from http://docs.cpuc.ca.gov/PublishedDocs/Published/G000/M215/K467/215467801.PDF 
Californians for Zero Emission Vehicles. Retrieved from: https://www.calzev.org/ 
Chattanoogan.com (April 28, 2017). “Volkswagen Chattanooga Named Corporation Of The Year By 
TriState Minority Supplier Development Council”. Retrieved from: 
http://www.chattanoogan.com/2017/4/28/347007/Volkswagen-Chattanooga-Named.aspx 
Chattanoogan.com (November 8, 2017). “Volkswagen Chattanooga To Host Diversity Supplier Trade 
Show”. Retrieved from: http://www.chattanoogan.com/2017/11/8/358156/Volkswagen-Chattanooga-
To-Host.aspx 
Council of Economic Advisors (2009). Estimates of job creation from the American Recovery and 
Reinvestment Act of 2009. 
https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/sites/default/files/microsites/Estimate-of-Job-Creation.pdf 
Corey, Richard W. (2017). RE: Volkswagen 2.0L October 2016, Appendix C California ZEV Investment 
Plan. Received by Mr. Mark McNabb, California Air Resources Board, 24 May 2017, 
www.arb.ca.gov/msprog/vw_info/vsi/vw-zevinvest/documents/zip_supplement_request_052417.pdf 

85 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Cox Automotive. (2017). EV Consumer Study – EIA Energy Conference. Retrieved from: 
https://www.eia.gov/conference/2017/pdf/presentations/rebecca_lindland.pdf 
DeShazo, G., Turek, A. (2016). Overcoming Barriers to Electric Vehicle Charging in Multi-unit Dwellings: A 
South Bay Case Study. UCLA Luskin Center for Innovation and the South Bay Cities Council of 
Governments. 
DeShazo, J.R. (2017). Overcoming Barriers to Electric Vehicle Charging in Multi-unit Dwellings: A 
Westside Cities Case Study. UCLA Luskin School of Public Affairs and Southern California Association of 
Governments 
Environmental Systems Research Institute (ESRI). (2016) Key Demographic Indicators. Retrieved from 
ArcGIS 
Fagnant, D., Kockelman, K. (2015). Preparing a Nation for Autonomous Vehicles: Opportunities, Barriers 
and Policy Recommendations for Capitalizing on Self-Driven Vehicles. University of Texas at Austin. 
Retrieved from http://www.ce.utexas.edu/prof/kockelman/public_html/TRB14EnoAVs.pdf 
Fitzgerald, G., Nelder, C. (2017). From Gas to Grid. Rocky Mountain Institute. Retrieved from 
https://rmi.org/insight/from_gas_to_grid/ 
Fu, R., Feldman, D., Margolis, R., Woodhouse, M., Ardani, K., (2017). U.S. Solar Photovoltaic System Cost 
Benchmark: Q1 2017. National Renewable Energy Laboratory. Retrieved from: 
https://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy17osti/68925.pdf 
Giles, C., Ryder, C., Lommele, S. (2016). “Workplace Charging: Charging Up University Campuses”. U.S. 
Department of Energy, Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy. 
Hodges, J. (2018). Electric Cars May Be Cheaper Than Gas Guzzlers in Seven Years. Bloomberg. Retrieved 
from https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-22/electric-cars-may-be-cheaper-than-gas-
guzzlers-in-seven-years 
House, H., Fitzgerald, G., (2018). RMI and Uber Team Up to Expand Shared and Electric Mobility. Rocky 
Mountain Institute. Retrieved from: https://rmi.org/rmi-and-uber-team-up-to-expand-shared-and-
electric-mobility/ 
Hummel, P. et al. (2016). UBS Evidence Lab: What consumers think about electric cars, and what it 
means for auto profits. UBS. 
IHS Markit Catalyst for Insight. (2013 – May 2018). New Registrations 
Knight Foundation. 2018. “Major $5.25 million Knight Foundation initiative puts people at the center of 
local self-driving vehicle programs.” Knight Foundation. Retrieved from: 
https://knightfoundation.org/press/releases/major-5-25-million-knight-foundation-initiative-puts-
people-at-the-center-of-local-self-driving-vehicle-programs 
Knupfer, S. et al. (2017). McKinsey & Company. Electrifying insights: How automakers can drive 
electrified vehicles sales and profitability. Retrieved from 
https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/McKinsey/Industries/Automotive%20and%20Assembly/Our%20In
sights/Electrifying%20insights%20How%20automakers%20can%20drive%20electrified%20vehicle%20sal

86 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
es%20and%20profitability/Electrifying%20insights%20-
%20How%20automakers%20can%20drive%20electrified%20vehicle%20sales%20and%20profitability_vF
.ashx 
KPMG, (2015). Marketplace of change: automobile insurance in the era of autonomous vehicles. 
Retrieved from https://home.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/pdf/2016/05/marketplace-change.pdf 
Kurani, K., Hardman, S. “Automakers and Policymakers May Be on a Path to Electric Vehicles; 
Consumers Aren’t”. UC Davis Institute of Transportation Studies GreenLight Blog. Retrieved from: 
https://its.ucdavis.edu/blog-post/automakers-policymakers-on-path-to-electric-vehicles-consumers-are-
not/ 
Metcalf, M. (2016). Electric Program Investment Charge (EPIC) - Direct Current (DC) Fast Charge 
Mapping. Pacific Gas and Electric Company. https://www.pge.com/pge_global/common/pdfs/about-
pge/environment/what-we-are-doing/electric-program-investment-charge/EPIC-1.25.pdf 
National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. (2018). Battery Electric Buses—State of the 
Practice. The National Academies Press. https://doi.org/10.17226/25061 . 
Navigant Research, Inc. (2017) EV Geographic Forecasts 
New Vehicle Experience Study. (2017). Strategic Vision 
Nicholas, M., Hall, D. (2018). Lessons Learned on Early Electric Vehicle Fast-Charging Deployments. 
International Council on Clean Transportation (ICCT). 
https://www.theicct.org/sites/default/files/publications/ZEV_fast_charging_white_paper_final.pdf 
Nicholas, M., Tal, G. (2017). Survey and Consumer Motivations to DC Fast Charge. UC Davis Institute of 
Transportation Studies. 
Nicholas, M., Tal, G. (2017). Transitioning to longer range battery electric vehicles: Implications for the 
Market, Travel and Charging. in SAE International 
Nicholas, M., Tal, G., Turrentine, T.S. (2017). Advanced Plug-In Electric Vehicle Travel and Charging 
Behavior Interim Report. UC Davis. 
O’Donovan, Aleksandra. (2018). Electric Vehicle Outlook 2018. Bloomberg New Energy Finance. 
Retrieved from: https://bnef.turtl.co/story/evo2018?src=PR 
Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy. (2018).Charging at Home. Retrieved from 
https://www.energy.gov/eere/electricvehicles/charging-home 
Partial Consent Decree in Volkswagen “Clean Diesel” Marketing, Sales Practices, and Products Lability 
Litigation. Filed 9/30/2016. United States District Court Northern District of California; San Francisco 
Division 
Recargo, 2015. Selected DCFC Related Slides for Electrify America 
Reichmuth, D. (2018). New Data Show Electric Vehicles Continue to Get Cleaner. Union of Concerned 
Scientists. Retrieved from https://blog.ucsusa.org/dave-reichmuth/new-data-show-electric-vehicles-
continue-to-get-cleaner 

87 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Robinson, S. (2016) What is the PESO Model for Marketing. Iterative Marketing. Retrieved from 
https://iterativemarketing.net/peso-model-marketing/ 
Rodd, S. (2018). Autonomous car company has been quietly testing its vehicles in Sacramento. 
Sacramento Business Journal. Retrieved from 
https://www.bizjournals.com/sacramento/news/2018/08/06/autonomous-car-company-has-been-
quietly-testing.html 
Ryder, C., Lommele, S. (2016). “Protecting Public Health: Plug-In Electric Vehicle Charging and the Health 
Care Industry”. U.S. Department of Energy, Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy. 
Saleh, K. (2017). How Much Of The World Population Is Online – Statistics And Trends [website]. 
Retrieved from https://www.invespcro.com/blog/world-population-online/ 
San Francisco County Transportation Authority. (2017). TNCs Today - A Profile of San Francisco 
Transportation Network Company Activity. Retrieved from 
https://www.sfcta.org/sites/default/files/content/Planning/TNCs/TNCs_Today_112917.pdf 
Schaller, B. (2017). UNSUSTAINABLE? The Growth of App-Based Ride Services and Traffic, Travel and the 
Future of New York City. Schaller Consulting. Retrieved from 
http://www.schallerconsult.com/rideservices/unsustainable.htm 
Schaller, B. (2018). Growth and Impacts of New Mobility Services. Schaller Consulting. Retrieved from 
http://www.schallerconsult.com/rideservices/schallertrb2018.pptx 
Shahan, Z. (2015). Electric Cars: What Early Adopters and First Followers Want. Clean Technica, 
EVObsession, Gas2. 
Shepardson, D., Carey, N. (2018). U.S. vehicle fuel economy rises to record 24.7 mpg: EPA. Reuters. 
Retrieved from https://www.reuters.com/article/us-autos-emissions/u-s-vehicle-fuel-economy-rises-to-
record-24-7-mpg-epa-idUSKBN1F02BX 
Singer, M. (2016). The Barriers to Acceptance of Plug-in Electric Vehicles: 2017 Update ; National 
Renewable Energy Laboratory. Retrieved from https://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy18osti/70371.pdf 
Singer, M. (2017). Consumer Views on Plug-in Electric Vehicles – National Benchmark Report; National 
Renewable Energy Laboratory. Retrieved from https://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy18osti/70371.pdf 
Sperling, D. (2018). Three Revolutions – Steering Automated, Shared, and Electric Vehicles to a Better 
Future. Island Press. Washington, D.C. 
Svitak, T., Salisbury, M. Toor, W. (2018). Opportunities for Vehicle Electrification in the Denver Metro 
area and Across Colorado. City & County of Denver, Department of Environmental Health. Retrieved 
from 
https://www.denvergov.org/content/dam/denvergov/Portals/771/documents/EQ/EV/EVFinalReport.pd
f 
Threlfall, et al. (2018) Autonomous Vehicles Readiness Index. KPMG International. Retrieved from 
https://assets.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/nl/pdf/2018/sector/automotive/autonomous-vehicles-
readiness-index.pdf 

88 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Thomson, J. H. (2016). New Census Data Show Differences Between Urban and Rural Populations. US 
Census Bureau Newsroom. Retrieved from https://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-
releases/2016/cb16-210.html 
U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of the Census. (2015). U.S. Cities are Home to 62.7 Percent of 
the U.S. Population, but Comprise Just 3.5 Percent of Land Area. Retrieved from 
https://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2015/cb15-33.html 
U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of the Census. Geographic Areas Reference Manual. Retrieved 
from https://www2.census.gov/geo/pdfs/reference/GARM/Ch13GARM.pdf 
U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of the Census. (As of July 1, 2017). Retrieved on September 18, 
2018 from https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/ca 
U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy. Charging at Home. 
Retrieved from https://www.energy.gov/eere/electricvehicles/charging-home 
U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics. (2017). Table 18: Employed persons by detailed 
industry, sex, race, and Hispanic or Latino ethnicity. In Labor Force Statistics from the Current Population 
Survey. Retrieved from: https://www.bls.gov/cps/cpsaat18.htm 
U.S. Department of Transportation - Federal Highway Administration (FHWA). (2016). Travel Analysis 
Framework. Retrieved from https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policyinformation/analysisframework/01.cfm 
U.S. Department of Transportation - Federal Highway Administration (FHWA). (2017). National 
Household Travel Survey. Retrieved from https://nhts.ornl.gov/ 
U.S. Department of Transportation (2014). “GROW AMERICA Act: Creating a pathway to 
transportation careers.” 
https://www.transportation.gov/sites/dot.gov/files/docs/Workforce_DOT_Reuth_FINAL_2014.pdf 
 
Voelcker, J. (2017). “SimpleFuel home hydrogen fuel dispenser wins $1 million DoE prize“. 
GreenCarReports.com. Retrieved from https://www.greencarreports.com/news/1108482_simplefuel-
home-hydrogen-fuel-dispenser-wins-1-million-doe-prize 
Volkswagen Settlement - California Zero Emission Vehicle Investment Commitment - California Air 
Resources Board's Guidance to Volkswagen on First 30 Month Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Investment 
Plan of the 2.0 Liter Diesel Engine Partial Consent Decree Settlement. State of California Air Resources 
Board. Retrieved from: https://www.arb.ca.gov/msprog/vw_info/vsi/vw-
zevinvest/documents/carb_guidance_021017.pdf 
Walker, J., Johnson, C. (2016). Peak Car Ownership: The Market Opportunity of Electric Automated 
Mobility Services. Rocky Mountain Institute. Retrieved from http://www.rmi.org/peak_car_ownership 
 

89 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
Appendix 
1. Certification of Activities 
Electrify America certifies that none of the activities described in the ZEV investment plan 
described above was/is: 
- approved by the Board of Management prior to September 18, 2015 
- required by a contract entered prior to the date of lodging of the Partial Consent Decree 
- a part of a joint effort with other automobile manufacturers to create ZEV infrastructure 
- required to be performed by any federal, state, or local law, or anticipate will be 
required to perform during the planned 30-month period 
 

90 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
2. Memberships and Sponsorships 
 
The Settlement documents do not specifically address memberships or sponsorships. There 
may be occasions where it would be reasonable for Electrify America to further education and 
awareness of ZEVs or to market Electrify America infrastructure by joining an industry or non-profit 
organization or by supporting the programs, activities, or events of an industry or non-profit 
organization. Under some circumstances, it is reasonable for Electrify America to join entities or 
sponsor their activities as brand-neutral education and awareness activities from the $17 million 
education and awareness budget. Under other circumstances, joining the organization or sponsoring its 
activities may be considered branded marketing activities and fall within the $10 million budget for 
branded marketing. 
 
Annual reports to CARB with creditable cost schedules for the given year will include these 
membership and sponsorship costs. 
 
Brand-neutral education, awareness, and outreach memberships and sponsorships: Electrify 
America will use the following criteria to determine if a membership or sponsorship is creditable as a 
brand-neutral education, awareness, and outreach activity as defined in Section 1.10.2 of Appendix C: 
1. Membership in organizations will be creditable as brand-neutral if the organization: 
a. Is an organization that Electrify America wishes to join; 
b. Conducts brand-neutral ZEV education and awareness as part of its core mission; 
c. The organization demonstrates a proven track record of success and could align as 
an brand-neutral education and awareness investment; 
d. The spending of membership dues is not controlled by Electrify America; 
e. To address concerns that Electrify America membership dues cannot be directly 
overseen, Electrify America has agreed to cap membership dues at no more than 2% 
of brand-neutral education and public outreach during any given 30-month 
investment cycle. This cap is applicable to memberships, not sponsored activities, 
or programs; and 
f. Has a primary presence in the United States and/or California. 
2. Sponsorship of events, activities, and programs will be creditable as brand-neutral if the 
event, activity, or program: 
a. Is an event, activity, or program Electrify America chooses to sponsor or support; 
b. Is brand-neutral and does not feature or favor Volkswagen Group vehicles. 
c. Provides education or awareness with regard to ZEV technology specifically; 
d. Is public facing; and 
e. Will be conducted well in Electrify America’s judgement, based on the organization’s 
past experience or other evidence. 
 
Branded marketing memberships and sponsorships: Electrify America may also join 
organizations or sponsor activities, events, or programs as necessary to increase utilization of it ZEV 
infrastructure investments through branded marketing. This marketing activity may include business-to-
business-oriented activities. 
 

91 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
3. ZEV glossary 
AC Charging 
The majority of ZEV charging is done with alternating current (AC) Level 1 (120 volts or normal 
household current) or Level 2 (240 volts or an electric dryer power equivalent). AC charging is typically 
more cost effective for the equipment and installation and takes advantage of longer dwell times to 
provide lower power to a ZEV over a longer period of time. AC charging is an excellent solution for 
residential, workplace, multiunit dwelling, and other longer-term parking situations like hotels and 
municipal or airport parking garages. 
Disadvantaged Communities/Low-income Communities 
Electrify America uses definitions for low-income and disadvantaged communities established by the 
State of California, which are published and mapped by CARB on its “Disadvantaged and Low-income 
Communities Investments” webpage: 
https://www.arb.ca.gov/cc/capandtrade/auctionproceeds/communityinvestments.htm. 
DC Fast Charging (DCFC) 
Direct current (DC) charging for electric vehicles allows for higher charging speeds, as DC current can be 
supplied directly to the electric vehicle’s battery at power levels normally higher than AC charging. The 
higher the DC power supplied, the faster the electric vehicle can be charged, provided the vehicle is 
designed to handle such power. A common DC power level accepted by BEVs on the market today is 50 
kW. By 2019, it is expected that 150+ kW DC fast charging will be available on a number of vehicles, and 
speeds of up to 320 kW (at 350 amps of current at 200V to 920V power source) will be available on a 
limited basis. To illustrate the charging power difference between Level 2 AC and DC fast charging, a 
Level 2 7.2 kW AC charger will deliver about 27 miles of ZEV range per hour of charging, whereas a 150 
kW or 320 kW DC fast charger can deliver 90 or 200 miles of electric range per 10 minutes respectively. 
CHAdeMO 
A DC fast charging standard first developed in Japan for the Japanese market and capable in the U.S. of 
charging several EVs including the Nissan Leaf and Kia Soul. 
CCS (Combined Charging System) 
CCS is a DC fast charging protocol that is SAE certified and featured on vehicles produced by GM, BMW, 
Volkswagen Group, Ford, Honda, Hyundai, Proterra, and a number of other vehicle manufacturers. The 
“combined” term designates the CCS capability to incorporate the level 2 (J1772 standard) plug and DC 
fast charging connector into the same larger plug. 
OCPP and OCPI 
Open Charge Point Protocol (OCPP) and Open Charge Point Interface (OCPI) are communications 
standards that have been developed by numerous public and private ZEV infrastructure leaders. 
OCPP enables standardized communication between charging hardware and the charging station 
networks that support them, while OCPI enables communication between different charging station 
networks. OCPP makes it possible to change the network supporting an individual charging station 

92 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
at some future time if desired. OCPI on the other hand is the communications standard that enables 
commercial entities such as charging networks or automotive OEMs to transfer charging station 
data between each other, such as charger availability or customer information, to enable roaming. 
Out of Home (OOH) Advertising 
In contrast to television advertising, out of home advertising or media, refers to advertising that 
communicates to customers while they are not at home. This type of advertising is intended to 
reach consumers while they are in public and on the go. Out of home advertising categories can 
include billboards, street furniture (e.g., bus shelters and benches, in stores, kiosks, shopping malls), 
and transit (buses, metro systems, taxis) to name a few. 
Plug-and-charge 
Plug-and-charge is part of the latest revision of the CCS standard, featuring the IEC/ISO 15118 
standard which prescribes the means by which a charger and network can identify and authenticate 
a specific vehicle to allow for a charging session automatically, by simply “plugging in,” without the 
need for supplemental membership cards or fobs. 
Proprietary/Non-Proprietary Charging Connector and Protocol 
A non-proprietary connector is not privately-owned or controlled and is thus easily available as a 
standard and does not require extensive development to be ready for application. Both CHAdeMO 
and CCS combo are non-proprietary DC fast charging protocols. A proprietary charging connector is 
a connector and charging network that is exclusively accessible to one brand of vehicle or type of 
user. 
Traditional Media vs. ‘New Media’ 
Historically, advertising to consumers has taken the form of broad messages on television, radio, in 
print, or messages on physical items such as billboards or street furniture. These platforms are 
typically referred to as traditional media. Though this method has been generally effective at 
communicating messages to consumers, these platforms have limited ability to target specific 
audiences based on their interests and preferences compared to newer media platforms today. In 
the 21st century and age of the internet, numerous additional platforms for communicating 
messages have emerged that allow much more direct and effective communication to customers 
about products and services such as social media advertising and paid search. These are considered 
‘new media.’ 
Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) 
Under Appendix C, the following three vehicle types are considered Zero Emission Vehicles: 
1. An on-road passenger car or light duty vehicle, light duty truck, medium duty vehicle, or 
heavy duty vehicle that produces zero exhaust emissions of all of the following pollutants: 
non-methane organic gases, carbon monoxide, particulate matter, carbon dioxide, 
methane, formaldehyde, oxides of nitrogen, or nitrous oxide, including, but not limited to, 
battery electric vehicles (“BEV”) and fuel cell vehicles (“FEV”); 

93 California ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 2 
 
2. An on-road plug-in hybrid electric vehicle (“PHEV”) with zero emission range greater than 35 
miles as measured on the federal Urban Dynamometer Driving Schedule (“UDDS”) in the 
case of passenger cars, light duty vehicles and light duty trucks, and 10 miles as measured 
on the federal UDDS in the case of medium- and heavy-duty vehicles; or 
3. An on-road heavy-duty vehicle with an electric powered takeoff. ZEVs do not include: zero 
emission off-road equipment and vehicles; zero emission light rail; additions to transit bus 
fleets utilizing existing catenary electric power; or any vehicle not capable of being licensed 
for use on public roads.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/assets/pdf/National ZEV Investment Plan.3100e374.pdf

National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 1 
 
 
 
 
National ZEV 
Investment 
Plan: Cycle 1 
Public version 
 
April 9, 2017 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 2 
Contents 
 
1. Executive Summary 3 
2. National ZEV Investment Plan 16 
2.1. Overview 16 
2.2. Investment types and descriptions 18 
2.2.1. Infrastructure 18 
2.2.2. Public education 30 
2.2.3. Public access initiatives 32 
2.3. Anticipated Creditable Costs 33 
2.4. Advancement of ZEV technology in the United States 33 
2.5. Certification of activities 34 
2.6. Supporting literature 34 
2.7. ZEV charging infrastructure glossary 39 
 
 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 3 
1. Executive Summary 
 
 As required by Appendix C to the 2.0-Liter Partial Consent Decree entered by the U.S. 
District Court for the Northern District of California on October 25, 2016, Volkswagen Group of 
America is investing $1.2 billion over the next 10 years in zero emission vehicle (ZEV) 
infrastructure, education, and access outside California to support the increased adoption of 
ZEV technology in the United States, representing the largest commitment of its kind to date. 
Based on figures from the Council of Economic Advisors and U.S. Department of Transportation 
related to highway and transit investments, the $1.2 billion being spent here is estimated to 
support up to 15,000 jobs throughout the United States over the 10 year course of the 
investment [Dept. of Transportation, Council of Economic Advisors].1 The first cycle of a 
separate investment of $800 million in California is the subject of the California ZEV Investment 
Plan, which was submitted to the California Air Resources Board on March 8. 
Volkswagen Group of America has created Electrify America LLC, a wholly-owned 
subsidiary headquartered in Reston, Virginia, to fulfill its Appendix C commitments. 
The investment: The $1.2 billion commitment will be spent in $300 million increments over 
four 30-month cycles. This report describes the $300 million in investments that will be made 
in the first 30-month cycle, which runs from Q1 2017 through Q2 2019, to meet this goal. 
 
Cycle 1 (Q1 2017 
– Q2 2019) 
Cycle 2 (Q3 2019 
- Q4 2021) 
Cycle 3 (Q1 2022 
– Q2 2024) 
Cycle 4 (Q3 2024 
– Q4 2026) 
Full 10 years 
$300M $300M $300M $300M $1,200M 
 
This investment will make it easier for millions of Americans to charge their electric vehicles. In 
addition, Electrify America will broadly promote the benefits of ZEVs to consumers through 
education campaigns. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 The Council of Economic Advisors estimates that every $1 billion in federal highway and transit investment would 
support 13,000 jobs. This total count includes direct, indirect, and induced jobs. Note that the estimate here is for 
the number of jobs across the entire 10-year, $1.2 billion investment, and not just the first investment cycle, and 
assumes that spend on charging infrastructure will create a similar number of job-hours per dollar spent as highway 
and transit investments. 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 4 
The Cycle 1 plan: In the first ZEV investment cycle, Electrify America will focus on three 
activities aimed at increasing the 
use of ZEVs and showing more 
Americans that going electric is 
possible and beneficial today. (1) 
Installing charging infrastructure 
(approximately $250 million), (2) 
Public Education initiatives 
(approximately $25 million), (3) 
ZEV access initiatives (under 
development), and an additional 
approximately $25 million spent 
on the operational costs of 
running Electrify America (e.g., 
personnel, other business 
expenses). 
 
INSTALLING CHARGING INFRASTRUCTURE (~$250 million) 
 Electrify America plans to build charging infrastructure that will primarily consist of (1) 
community charging and (2) a long distance highway network. In addition, other use 
cases/technologies are also under consideration including targeted battery storage to manage 
peak demand and ease grid loads, etc. 
A series of guiding principles were applied to identify appropriate infrastructure investments: 
 Focus on accessible locations where utilization is expected to be high for ZEV drivers 
 Focus on a variety of use cases based on the anticipated charging behaviors of ZEV 
drivers 
 Incorporate anticipated changes in the ZEV industry to maximize usefulness of stations 
in the medium-to-long term 
 Consideration for long term sustainability of the network 
 
 Charging stations will be located first in the areas with the highest anticipated ZEV 
demand; this is based on the forecast penetration rates of ZEVs in each region and the 
estimated gap between the supply and demand of charging infrastructure in those regions. In 
aggregate, the Electrify America first cycle investment will aim to establish a network of 
approximately 2500+ non-proprietary chargers across 450+ individual stations. Note that, in 
addition to the capital spend numbers shared below, there is an additional approximately $20 
million associated with creditable station operating expenses (e.g., fixed costs). 
 
Overview of Cycle 1 National Investment Plan 


 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 5 
 Electrify America stations will be designed to provide access by supporting multiple non-
proprietary and interoperable charging technologies to meet different needs. Level 2 AC 
charging (L2) with universally accepted J1772 connectors will serve charging at long dwell-time 
locations. 50+ kW Direct Current (DC) fast charging will serve ZEV needs in shorter dwell time 
situations and along highway corridors, utilizing non-proprietary charging standards (CCS and 
CHAdeMO). Electrify America will also support open protocols including Open Charge Point 
Protocol (OCPP) that allow more standardized communication between different chargers and 
networks. 
To simplify the consumer experience, Electrify America will seek access agreements with 
owners of other charging networks to make it easy for as many ZEV drivers as possible to move 
more seamlessly between different charging networks. 
Community charging (approximately $40 million in capex) 
 The National Academy of Sciences’ 2015 comprehensive report on overcoming barriers 
to ZEV deployment endorsed a strategy focused on specific geographies, or “beachheads,” 
stating that a strong strategy to increase ZEV adoption “logically would focus on key geographic 
regions or regional corridors where momentum has already been established; infrastructure is 
more readily available; [and] word-of-mouth between neighbors, friends, and co-workers can 
occur more readily” [NAS, 2015]. Through the National Outreach Plan process, Electrify 
America received approximately 50 proposals from cities for concentrated ZEV infrastructure 
investments in specific metropolitan areas, and many additional recommendations from states, 
local governments and other stakeholders expressing support for concentrating investment in 
metropolitan areas. 
Electrify America has selected 11 metropolitan areas for Cycle 1 investment: New York 
City, Washington D.C., Chicago, Portland (OR), Boston, Seattle, Philadelphia, Denver, Houston, 
Miami, and Raleigh. Government agencies from ten of these metro areas submitted proposals 
to Electrify America, some of which were the most comprehensive proposals received. Electrify 
America notes that it was not able to select every metropolitan area that submitted a strong 
proposal, but it intends to expand its Community Charging investments into metro areas with 
supportive government policies and strong utility integration in future investment cycles. 
Within selected metros, Electrify America plans to build 300+ stations across five major 
use cases (multi-family homes, workplace, commercial/retail, community, and municipal 
lots/garages). In order to maximize the effectiveness of the network, it is important to focus on 
a variety of use cases. According to an NREL report from Jan. 2017, workplace and public 
charging have both been shown to significantly increase fleet-wide electric vehicle miles 
traveled [Wood et al., 2017], consistent with the overall goals of Electrify America. A 
deployment mix of AC L2, DC 50 kW, and DC 150+ kW chargers will be offered across these use 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 6 
cases to help best meet the anticipated needs of ZEV drivers. Reasoning behind the metro area 
selection is provided in Section 2.2.1.2.1. 
A high-speed highway network (approximately $190 million in capex) 
In recent years, a consensus around the value of a national network of extremely high 
speed ZEV charging equipment along our nation’s highways has been emerging. In 2013, 
western states coordinated with industry to establish the West Coast Electric Highway, which 
has “successfully enabled significant range extension” for ZEVs and led to “a considerable 
amount of long distance travel” by ZEV drivers according to Idaho National Laboratory research 
[INL 2015b]. 
In 2015, Congress required the Federal government to designate national electric 
vehicle charging corridors and established an aspirational goal of deploying charging 
infrastructure along the full nationwide network by 2020 [FAST Act]. In 2016, the Department 
of Energy and the Department of Transportation agreed to jointly develop a 2020 vision for that 
network incorporating DC fast charging at power levels up to 350 kW. Upon designation of the 
corridors in 2016, 28 states, utilities, vehicle manufactures, and suppliers – such as New York, 
General Motors, and General Electric – committed to help accelerate ZEV charging 
infrastructure deployment along these corridors [Laign]. 
The comments, recommendations and proposals submitted to Electrify America through 
the National Outreach Plan process articulated overwhelming support for investment in a 
nationwide network of high speed ZEV charging infrastructure along our nation’s highways. 
More than 100 comments and proposals called for investment in DC fast charging corridors, 
and approximately 20 specifically called for deploying a network with faster, higher-powered 
charging than is available today. For example, nine states listed DC fast charging corridors as 
their number one investment priority. 
Electrify America will build a long distance high speed highway network consisting of 
charging stations along high-traffic corridors between metropolitan areas and across the 
country, with an initial target of approximately 240 highway sites installed or under 
development by the end of the first cycle, more than 150 of which are expected to be 
completed. These highway sites will be present in 39 U.S. states with higher anticipated ZEV 
average annual daily traffic (AADT, a Department of Transportation measure of road traffic 
density on an annual basis) by 2020. The sites will be located on prominent U.S. interstates and 
highways, and they have high correlation with the recently-announced EV Charging Corridors 
[Alternative Fuels Corridors 2017]. Sites will be, on average, about 66 miles apart, with no more 
than 120 miles between stations, meaning many shorter range ZEVs available today will be able 
to use this network. Also, note that we accounted for existing infrastructure on targeted 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 7 
highways in our methodology to ensure that the network will supplement, not duplicate, 
investments already made (see Section 2.2.1.2.2.). 
More than 25 comments to Electrify America – especially from ZEV drivers – emphasized 
the importance of placing stations in locations with sufficient amenities and proper signage. A 
“user-centric experience” along EV charging corridors is also an aspirational goal established by 
the Department of Transportation [FHWA, 2017]. Electrify America’s goal is to locate the 
charging sites within easy access of the interstate in locations that provide ample parking 
spaces for charging, ensure customer safety, and offer access to retail and service 
establishments like restaurants, coffee houses, and retail and convenience stores that provide 
customers with options during the typical charging time period of up to 30 minutes. The 
average station will be able to charge five vehicles at once, with station capacity ranging from 
no less than four and up to ten vehicles charging at a time. 
In order to accommodate the call for faster charging reflected in public comments, the 
chargers deployed will represent state-of-the-art technology with the fastest charging speeds 
available. Stations will focus on 150 kW and some 320 kW DC fast chargers, which will also be 
capable of charging 50 kW capable vehicles at a lower power level.2 Most currently installed 
non-proprietary DC fast chargers are in the 25-50 kW range; a 50 kW charger can supply about 
3 miles of ZEV range per minute of charging. Electrify America’s 150 kW DC fast charging 
stations will provide about 9 miles of ZEV range per minute of charging, while 320 kW DC fast 
chargers will provide about 19 miles of range per minute. These faster charging speeds are 
necessary to refuel the next generation of larger battery capacity ZEVs with all-electric ranges 
above 200 miles. According to Navigant Research projections, these vehicles will represent 84 
percent of battery-electric vehicle sales by 2020. By 2025, 39 different models of 200+ mile 
battery-electric vehicles are projected to represent 87 percent of sales [Navigant, 2016b]. 
Electrify America’s network is being designed to charge this next generation of ZEVs. 
Industry input received during the Outreach Plan provides Electrify America with 
confidence that one or more vehicle manufacturers plan to sell 320 kW capable ZEVs by 2020. 
Electrify America will carefully evaluate the ratio of 150/320 kW chargers at these sites for 
maximum customer convenience and optimal budgeting, but it plans to “future proof” these 
investments by designing most stations to be cost-effectively converted from 150 kW to 320 
kW charging by the end of the 4th cycle (e.g., by installing appropriately-powered utility 
connections capable of handling 320 kW chargers), as recommended by Idaho National Lab. 
Electrify America will also maintain open discussions with OEMs to track progress towards 320 
 
2 Idaho National Lab, DOE, and DOT refer to power levels of 350 kW because the limit of the standard is currently 
350 amps multiplied by 1000 volts, or 350kW. However, comments from OEMs and experts during the Outreach 
Plan process have led Electrify America to believe that the next generation of vehicles will be designed to go up to 
920V, not 1000V. Electrify America refers to 320 kW charging to reflect the result of 350A x 920V.” 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 8 
kW-capable vehicles, understanding that there are still technical, cost, and code and standard 
setting challenges associated with this new technology [Carson, 2016]. 
Building the infrastructure 
 
 In constructing and operating a charging network, Electrify America, which is 
headquartered in Reston, Virginia, will rely on an extensive group of third-party suppliers and 
vendors in the charging infrastructure space, most of whom are based in the United States. As 
such, these partnerships will mean that jobs are created and many existing companies will grow 
as a result of Electrify America’s $250 million Cycle 1 investment across the nation and its 
additional $120 million investment in California. Electrify America has already begun formal 
discussions with suppliers, through both a Request for Information (RFI) sent to potential 
suppliers in December 2016 and through the formal issuance of Requests for Proposals (RFPs), 
the first of which was issues in March 2017. Over 80% of the suppliers issued the RFI were 
companies based in the United States. 
 
 Preliminary milestones for the network construction progress are shown in Table 1. Site 
development for the first Electrify America stations will begin in Q2 2017, with development 
initiated for all stations by Q2 2018. These first stations are expected to be completed and 
operational for local community charging in Q3 2017 and for highway charging in Q2 2018. 
Given long lead times in terms of site acquisition and permitting processes, the majority of the 
stations are expected to be completed near the end of the 30 month cycle, from fewer than 
approximately 150-200 operational stations in Q2 2018 to 450+ stations by the end of Q2 2019. 
 
 
TABLE 1: PRELIMINARY MILESTONES FOR NETWORK CONSTRUCTION FOR THE NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE PLAN 
 Much of this proposed schedule is determined by the lead times associated with various 
pre-installation tasks, including finding and acquiring sites, permitting, and securing available 
hardware (especially for new high-speed charging systems), each of which can vary 
considerably based on local factors. Much of the uncertainty around timelines is associated 
with (1) the site acquisition and design process, which requires contract negotiations with 
property owners/developers, customization of engineering drawings for specific sites, and the 
need to identify approximately five sites for each final location due to uncertainties through the 
implementation cycle; and (2) the permitting/approval process, which can take anywhere from 
Pre-site selection In development Operational
Q2 2017 350-400 100-150 0
Q4 2017 150-200 200-250 50-100
Q2 2018 0-50 300-350 150-200
Q4 2018 0 150-200 250-300
Q2 2019 0 0-50 450+
National ZEV infrastructure

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 9 
3 to 9 months depending on the permits required at the various levels of government (e.g., 
local vs. state). 
 
BRAND-NEUTRAL PUBLIC EDUCATION AND AWARENESS ACTIVITIES ($25 million) 
 Electrify America received nearly 150 submissions through the National Outreach Plan 
process that expressed support for investments that will increase public awareness of ZEVs’ 
attributes and benefits. As one Western state explained, “Without a significant investment in 
highway corridor charging infrastructure, paired with a dynamic advertising and marketing 
campaign to spread the awareness of the emerging technology and associated infrastructure 
available to travelers, the ability of the EV market to expand eastward across the country will 
be stymied.” Likewise, a Northeastern state commented: “A major brand-neutral marketing 
campaign would have the potential to raise awareness and acceptance of EVs broadly.” 
In order to inform the public education campaign, Electrify America has performed a 
segmentation analysis of the general car-buying population to evaluate the penetration of ZEVs 
in various car-buying population segments and regions, the positioning of zero-emission 
vehicles relative to competition, the barriers to adoption of ZEVs by population segment, and 
the key messages to communicate to the general population in order to improve penetration of 
ZEVs. Based on this analysis and analysis of consumer media consumption habits, Electrify 
America is developing a comprehensive educational campaign that will simultaneously 
communicate the benefits of ZEVs (performance, acceleration, quietness, comfort, and the 
overall enjoyment of the ride) and address barriers to adoption (range anxiety, “golf cart” 
misperception, charger availability). 
Media will be used to put ZEVs on the “big stage” in order to help consumers 
understand that ZEVs not only meet the majority of their needs today, but even more so as the 
charging infrastructure network grows. The messaging will be split across traditional 
advertising channels such as television and targeted digital (including digital radio and social 
media). In order to quickly maximize messaging presence, a coordinated national/local media 
strategy was developed. This allows for quick ramp-up across the country, followed by 
sustained messaging in top, high-potential ZEV markets. 
The nearly 150 comments received by Electrify America made it clear that extensive ZEV 
Education and Outreach efforts are ongoing, and Electrify America intends its investment to 
leverage and reinforce these ongoing efforts. Through the National Outreach Plan process, we 
have already begun conversations with a number of potential partners on educational 
initiatives, including ZEV advocacy organizations, school education curriculum developers, 
OEMs, and state agencies. We will continue to provide updates on these activities as they 
develop. 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 10 
 Electrify America’s creative agency continues to refine the creative content based on the 
segmentation analysis (highlighting the most impactful benefits of ZEVs), and creative concepts 
should be finalized in Q2 of 2017, followed by finalization of media planning by summer. Media 
will begin towards the end of Q3 of 2017. 
 
ZEV ACCESS INITIATIVES 
 Numerous government agencies and other stakeholders proposed ZEV access programs 
in their comments to Electrify America. A program of experiential initiatives like ride-and-drive 
events are being developed to help increase ZEV access and exposure for as many Americans as 
possible.3 The purpose of these activities is to increase the public’s awareness of and access to 
ZEVs and allow them to experience ZEVs without having to purchase a vehicle. 
 
 
 
3 Electrify America will seek written approval for access programs or projects from EPA before Electrify America 
makes these investments, as required by Appendix C. 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 11 
1.2 Summary of Public Comments and Other Input 
 
1.2.1. Summary of public comments 
 
 As part of the National Outreach Plan, Electrify America solicited proposals and 
recommendations from outside parties to help substantiate and improve this plan. Electrify 
America notified stakeholders identified in Appendix C (i.e., states, municipal governments, 
federally-recognized Indian tribes, and federal agencies) of the proposal submission period, 
which was open from December 9, 2016 to January 16, 2017. Further detail on outreach efforts 
can be found in the National Outreach Plan submitted to EPA on November 9, 2016. Electrify 
America will continue to consider input from stakeholders over the 10-year life of Appendix C. 
 For the first 30-month investment cycle, Electrify America allowed a 3-week grace 
period and considered submissions received through February 6, 2017. A total of 484 
submissions were received as of February 6, 2017. Figure 1 provides an overview of the 
proposals by topic and by type of submitter. 
 
FIGURE 1: SUBMISSIONS BY TOPIC AND SOURCE, OTHER METRICS 
 Submissions were received from entities in all but four states, and two Native American 
tribes submitted proposals. The largest number of submissions originated from California (194 
submissions), while 49 proposals and recommendations were received from representatives of 
a city, county, coalition, transit organization or air quality association outside of California. 


 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 12 
About 29,000 unique visitors viewed the website, and 121,000 total website hits were recorded 
by February 6, 2017. 
1.2.2. Consideration of comments 
 
 Proposals were initially evaluated across a variety of factors including, but not limited 
to, submission source, speed of implementation, likely charger utilization, and development 
synergies. Following the initial evaluation, proposals are being categorized based on action- 
ability and sent for thorough professional review and sorting to the appropriate internal 
working teams at Electrify America. Starting March 13, working teams began to follow up with 
proposal and recommendation submitters to clarify submissions, discuss specific ideas, and 
incorporate some or all of the ideas into Electrify America’s plans. There is high likelihood that 
Electrify America will act on proposals that overlap with or optimize priorities identified by 
Electrify America in the first cycle. Note that Electrify America intends to respond to everyone 
who submitted a proposal. An overview of this process is shown in Figure 2. 
 
FIGURE 2: OVERVIEW OF PROCESS FOR CONSIDERATION OF PUBLIC COMMENTS 
 
 


 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 13 
1.2.3. Samples of submitted proposals and recommendations 
 
The submissions provided Electrify America with information on the level of public support for 
this plan’s investment strategies, and it also provided specific project ideas. A selection of 
submitted recommendations and proposals includes the following: 
 Charging Infrastructure Needs: The overwhelming majority of comments supported 
and, in many cases, prioritized, ZEV charging infrastructure deployment investments. 
This was true across the full spectrum of commenters, from comprehensive proposals 
from State governments to requests from small towns and ‘mom-and-pop’ stores for a 
single charger. Commenters highlighted that charging infrastructure investments meet 
an identified need and a recognized ZEV deployment barrier. Consistent with this 
feedback, Electrify America is maximizing infrastructure investment in this plan in ways 
consistent with the requirements of Appendix C. 
 DC Fast Charging along Highway Corridors: More than 100 comments and proposals 
focused on the importance of and execution of a highway network, and nine states and 
numerous other submissions explicitly urged Electrify America to prioritize investment 
in highway charging as its highest investment priority. Electrify America intends to focus 
nearly two-thirds of its national investment in this area, consistent with this 
recommendation. 
 ZEV charging depots: Numerous submissions, especially from cities, proposed charging 
depots in urban centers, consistent with our strategy to incorporate this use case in 
metro areas. For example, in one Northeastern city, a consortium of parties including 
the local utility is seeking to install a 100% renewables-powered charging hub in its 
downtown. 
 Coordinated Planning with State and Regional Government: Many submissions, 
especially from state agencies and regional coordinating entities, emphasized the 
benefits of coordinating infrastructure investments with ongoing state activities. For 
example, two Western states submitted a consolidated proposal to increase charging 
infrastructure through workplace charging, park-and-ride transit hub charging, and 
charging along key interstate corridors. These submissions have highlighted the value of 
coordinating with state agencies, and Electrify America has already initiated 
coordination as part of its outreach effort, as described below. 
 Workplace Charging: Electrify America received more than 150 submissions supporting 
investment in workplace charging, which is an additional validation of the importance of 
this use case. Many comments from businesses and government agencies 
recommended specific sites. Electrify America will closely consider each site identified in 
a target metro area. 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 14 
 Multifamily Dwellings: More than 50 submissions proposed investment in the 
multifamily and residential use case, affirming the importance of this use case. 
 Destination Charging: A small number of commenters suggested that Electrify America 
invest in destination charging. This use case will receive more consideration from 
Electrify America given that some proposals had this focus, including some compelling 
destinations, such as national parks and monuments. 
 Airports: Submissions from 20 airports and federal agencies proposed charging 
infrastructure investment at airports. These proposals are being evaluated and may be 
a further extension of longer dwell time parking applications. The fact that these 
typically preferentially-located chargers would be seen by non-EV drivers using those 
airports may help further build charging infrastructure awareness. 
 Experiential Projects: Electrify America received more than 50 suggestions and 
proposals to provide experiential access to ZEVs, including ride and drives, ZEV taxis and 
car sharing, and brand-neutral ZEV showrooms. Electrify America plans to explore some 
of these concepts in its California Green City. 
 Other Recommendations Out of Scope: Electrify America also received comments and 
proposals that it is not able to act upon in Cycle 1, either due to restrictions on 
investment in Appendix C, or because the investments would be outside of this 
investment plan’s focus on foundational infrastructure to serve ZEV driver needs. For 
example, some cities and other entities requested that Electrify America supply them 
with ZEVs of various size classes, which would not qualify as a priority investment at this 
time. Additional proposals also recommended Electrify America investment in Level 1 
charging, bicycle programs, and research and development projects, which are not 
creditable cost investments under Appendix C. While these submissions did not fit 
within the scope or timetable of the Cycle 1 ZEV Investment Plan, promising creditable 
ZEV initiatives will be considered in later investment cycles. 
 
1.2.4. Other Input 
 
 Throughout development of this plan, Electrify America consulted knowledgeable 
experts in the ZEV space with extensive automaker, utility, infrastructure, policy, 
communications, technology, and consumer advocacy backgrounds. 
Electrify America met with a number of utilities and utility groups to explore utility 
infrastructure investment approaches and synergies. We also spoke with state level officials 
and their associations to understand state-level infrastructure priorities, charging site 
opportunities, and potential partnership plans. 
Electrify America met with Federal agency experts, who provided detailed information 
on the Federal government’s Smart City effort, their process for designating EV charging 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 15 
corridors along highways under the FAST Act, lessons learned from the EV Project and the 
Workplace Charging Challenge, and ongoing work to support deployment of non-proprietary DC 
fast charging at power levels up to 350 kW. 
Additionally, major automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) were 
consulted to understand their interest and expectations about a new, comprehensive charging 
network that would best suit future ZEV customers. Consumer, environmental, and EV driver 
groups were also consulted to gain their public interest viewpoints. 
 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 16 
2. National ZEV Investment Plan 
 
2.1. Overview 
 
 Over the course of the first 30-month investment cycle, Electrify America will invest 
$300 million nationwide (excluding California, which is detailed in the California ZEV Investment 
Plan) across three primary areas: 
 
1. ZEV charging infrastructure 
2. ZEV public education campaign 
3. ZEV access initiatives (under development) 
 
Approximately $250 million will be spent on charging infrastructure, at least $25 million on 
public education investments, and the remainder (approximately $25 million) on other 
operational expenses for Electrify America. Spend related to ZEV access initiatives has not yet 
been estimated. Note that all numbers and activities referenced in this investment plan refer 
to National spend (i.e., excludes spend under the California ZEV Investment Plan) unless 
otherwise indicated. 
Figure 3 provides an overview of these planned costs. 
 
 
FIGURE 3: OVERVIEW OF COSTS ACROSS CATEGORIES 
 
 


 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 17 
An overview of the three main investment categories is provided below: 
 
1. ZEV charging infrastructure: Electrify America will focus on two primary areas for 
infrastructure investment: long-distance highway chargers and community-based 
metropolitan chargers. An overview of these investments is provided in Table 2. 
 
 
Long-distance highway 
network 
Community-based metro 
network 
Number of stations 240* 300+ 
Primary technologies 320 kW and 150 kW 150 kW, 50 kW, and L2 
Number of highways/metros ~35 highways across the US 11 metro areas across the US 
Approximate spend $190 million $40 million 
*Stations built or under development. 
TABLE 2: OVERVIEW OF LONG-DISTANCE HIGHWAY AND COMMUNITY-BASED LOCAL NETWORKS 
(EXCLUDING CALIFORNIA) 
In developing this plan, we drew on a number of sources from academia, industry, 
and government (see Section 2.6. Supporting literature) to ensure investments are 
focused on high-priority areas where there is clear need for investment in ZEV 
infrastructure and where likelihood of utilization is highest. Details of the station 
location methodology is described in the following sections of this plan. Note that 
approximate spend on the highway network is $190 million, the community-based 
network is $40 million, and there are an additional $15-20 million in creditable 
expenses associated with station operations (e.g. fixed costs around maintenance 
and networking). 
2. Public education campaigns: The purpose of these campaigns is to develop a 
portfolio of brand-neutral media that increases the number of people aware of 
and willing to consider ZEVs. 
3. ZEV access initiatives: Various experiential initiatives like ride and drive events are 
being considered to further increase ZEV access. 
 
 Overhead and other costs are expected to account for approximately $25 million of 
Electrify America’s spend in the first 30-month investment cycle. The majority of this spend 
(approximately $20 million) will be attributable to operating the business (e.g., personnel). 
 
 
 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 18 
2.2. Investment types and descriptions 
 
2.2.1. Infrastructure 
 
2.2.1.1. Guiding principles 
 
 Electrify America’s mission is to establish one of the largest, most technically advanced 
and customer-friendly charging networks in the U.S. to promote and support the increased 
adoption of ZEVs. Key guiding principles used to design the network include the following: 
 
 Focus on locations where access and utilization is expected to be highest: investments 
target highways and metropolitan areas with high current and projected concentrations 
of ZEV drivers to maximize potential network utilization. 
 Focus on a variety of use cases based on anticipated charging behaviors of ZEV drivers: 
Electrify America will build chargers to cater to drivers on highways, in public areas 
(commercial/retail locations, parking garages), in workplaces and multi-family dwellings, 
and in other viable use cases where appropriate. 
 Incorporate anticipated changes in the ZEV industry by ‘future-proofing’ stations to 
maximize their usefulness in the medium-to-long term: investment will include the 
latest technology (from L2s up to 320 kW DC fast charging) and operate across different 
charging standards (CCS and CHAdeMO) to maximize access and help ensure future 
compatibility in a rapidly evolving industry. Electrify America will also continually look 
for new technologies, including wireless charging, and work to incorporate them in 
future investment cycles. Wireless charging will likely occur no earlier than cycle 2 as 
even the most credible wireless charging proposal we received acknowledged that the 
bulk of wireless charging investment might not be viable until after 2020. By focusing 
on open standards and cross-platform compatibility in the first 30-month cycle, Electrify 
America will be well positioned to adopt new technologies. 
 Focus on a sustainable business model: the Electrify America network is being designed 
to ensure that the network is economically viable and can be operated and maintained 
for the long term. 
 Focus on interoperability and suitable signage: the Electrify America network will 
represent an advanced business-to-business (B2B) platform to support other 
stakeholders who wish to manage the customer relationship themselves as well as 
business-to-consumer (B2C) capabilities for customer management by Electrify America. 
Where possible, agreements will be created with the owners/operators of other 
charging networks to simplify and improve ZEV charging for all drivers on multiple 
networks. Both Electrify America and available state and federal signage resources will 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 19 
be used to the extent possible to further resolve consumer lack of awareness of existing 
charging infrastructure (Figure 4) [Singer 2016]. 
 
FIGURE 4: CONSUMER VIEWS ON PLUG-IN ELECTRIC VEHICLES 
2.2.1.2. Investment selection methodology 
 
 The ZEV infrastructure investment plan includes two key components: (1) community-
based charging stations in 11 major metropolitan areas and (2) a high-speed nationwide 
network to facilitate highway travel between major metropolitan areas and across the country 
with higher and faster DC charging power to reduce waiting times. For both components, the 
following three factors were used to determine the required investment: (a) locations with the 
highest ZEV demand; (b) the gap between the existing charging infrastructure supply and 
projected demand at each location; and (c) the charger count and type needed to meet the 
excess charging demand at each location. By adopting this methodology, Electrify America is 
well positioned to install charging stations where they are most needed, as Appendix C 
requires, and most likely to be used. Note that, throughout this process, Electrify America 
utilized academic, government, and industry reports on ZEV charging infrastructure investment, 
advertising, and projections to develop this plan. Electrify America used peer-reviewed reports 
to the extent they were available. The reports reviewed are reflected in the sources listed at 
the conclusion of this report. 
 
2.2.1.2.1. Community-based local network investment selection methodology 
 
 The first step in the selection process was to determine the list of metropolitan areas to 
prioritize for investment. An overview of the process can be seen in Figure 5 and comprised two 
key steps: 
 
1. Narrowing down the list from approximately 100 metropolitan areas to 25 based on key 
demographic factors and current hybrid and forecast ZEV sales. 


 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 20 
2. Further prioritizing this list to 11 metropolitan areas based on the extent of local 
government interest, incentives, and regulation; local awareness of ZEVs; feedback from 
utilities and other stakeholders; and quality of fit with the long-distance highway plan. 
 
 
FIGURE 5: OVERVIEW OF METROPOLITAN AREA SELECTION METHODOLOGY 
 By adopting the methodology shown in Figure 5, a shortlist of priority National metros 
was developed: New York City, Washington D.C., Chicago, Portland, Boston, Seattle, 
Philadelphia, Denver, Houston, Miami, and Raleigh. Electrify America notes that it was not able 
to select every metropolitan area that submitted a strong proposal, but it intends to expand its 
Community Charging investments into metro areas with supportive government policies and 
strong utility integration in future investment cycles, and Electrify America will continue to 
refine its methodology as the industry develops. 
 Within each priority metro area identified, Electrify America calculated the gap between 
projected demand for charging power needed from future infrastructure to support projected 
higher EV market share and the power delivered from infrastructure today. Specifically, 
infrastructure demand outside the residence was estimated based on a calculation of the 
projected total ZEV vehicle miles traveled (VMT) in each of the metropolitan areas in 2020. ZEV 
VMT represents the anticipated ZEV drivers’ commuting behavior and is the product of the 
average commute length [Kneebone and Holmes], the number of commuting vehicles, and the 
ZEV penetration rate [Navigant Research, 2016]. Calculated ZEV VMT (in miles) is converted to 
an expected energy demand using an average energy efficiency of 0.35 kWh/mile. This 
calculation generates the expected energy demand (in kWh) for charging infrastructure outside 
the residence within particular metropolitan areas. 
 


 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 21 
Electrify America’s approximately $40 million investment in local community-based 
charging is estimated to fill approximately 10-15% of the projected supply-demand gap in these 
metropolitan areas through the construction of 300+ stations built in the first 30-month 
investment cycle. Accordingly, Electrify America investment in infrastructure is only a starting 
point to closing these considerable charging power gaps; as such, other private and public 
investment will continue to be needed, especially from utilities who are increasingly acting to 
provide more charging infrastructure in their service areas. 
 
2.2.1.2.2. Long-distance highway network investment selection methodology 
 
In recent years, consensus around the need for a national network of extremely high 
speed ZEV charging equipment along our nation’s highways has been emerging. In 2015, 
Congress required the Department of Transportation to designate national electric vehicle 
charging corridors, and established an aspirational goal of deploying charging infrastructure 
along the nationwide network by 2020 [FAST Act]. In 2016, the Department of Energy and the 
Department of Transportation agreed to jointly develop a 2020 vision for that network 
incorporating DC fast charging at power levels up to 350 kW. And when the Department of 
Transportation designated specific EV charging corridors later that year, a coalition of 28 states, 
utilities, vehicle manufactures, and other stakeholders committed to help accelerate the 
deployment of electric vehicle charging infrastructure along the identified routes [Laign]. 
 
The comments, recommendations, and proposals submitted to Electrify America 
through the National Outreach Plan also supported investment in a nationwide network of high 
speed ZEV charging infrastructure along our nation’s highways. More than 100 comments and 
proposals called for investment in fast charging corridors, and approximately 20 specifically 
called for deploying a network with faster, higher-powered charging than is available today. 
Commenters – especially EV drivers – also emphasized the importance of placing stations in 
locations with sufficient amenities and proper signage. 
 
 Electrify America has designed a nationwide highway network to place high-speed 
charging stations along the long-distance routes with the highest estimated ZEV traffic as well 
as to link prioritized metro areas from the prior section in order to form a cohesive nationwide 
network. At a high level, ZEV traffic was estimated along every major route in the U.S., and, 
after taking into account existing charging infrastructure supply along those routes to assure 
that new investment supplements existing investment, the estimated ‘supply-demand gap’ for 
charging stations along each route was calculated using an approach similar to what was used 
to determine the metropolitan area charging supply-demand gap, but which relied on average 
annual daily traffic data from the Federal Highway Administration to establish demand. This 
allowed us to determine which routes have the highest need for new infrastructure investment. 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 22 
Key sources of data used to complete this analysis include the following: ZEV penetration rates 
by census bureau statistical area (CBSA) [Navigant, 2016; Experian], number of long-distance 
trips between metro areas from the FHWA Traveler Analysis Framework [Federal Highway 
Administration framework], and existing charging infrastructure levels [EERE]. An overview of 
targeted highways and estimated station counts is shown in Table 3. 
 
TABLE 3: OVERVIEW OF NATIONAL HIGHWAYS TARGETED FOR INVESTMENT IN FIRST 30-MONTH CYCLE (ONLY 
INCLUDING STATIONS EXPECTED TO BE COMPLETED IN FIRST CYCLE) 
 
 As described more fully in 2.2.1.3 below, in order to obtain rights to a particular 
charging site, Electrify America must identify suitable site locations and complete the process of 
negotiating with landowners, utilities, and other entities before any chargers can be installed. 


 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 23 
Given the uncertainty inherent in this process, and the risks of premature disclosure of Electrify 
America’s site selection, Electrify America will provide further detail concerning the location 
and type of charging infrastructure as those plans are finalized. At this time, Electrify America 
does not know the precise location of the chargers it will be installing during the first 30-month 
cycle. 
 
2.2.1.3. Specific description of investments 
 
 This section provides an overview of: (1) the quantities and locations of charging 
stations, (2) the chargers and type/number of connectors per station, (3) the informational 
basis for calculating charger investment costs, and (4) Electrify America’s plan to invest in the 
existing ZEV infrastructure industry’s capabilities and expertise. 
 
2.2.1.3.1. COMMUNITY-BASED LOCAL NETWORK 
 
 Five priority use cases will be supported in the local community-based network in the 
first investment cycle. In future investment cycles, Electrify America may increase the number 
of use cases supported. An overview of the major use cases and how charging behavior varies 
between them is shown in Figure 6. 
 
 
 
FIGURE 6: OVERVIEW OF MAJOR USE CASES TO BE PRIORITIZED IN FIRST CYCLE 
 


 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 24 
 At a high level, use cases with longer expected dwell times (e.g., workplace and multi-
family homes), will have a higher ratio of L2 chargers, while use cases with shorter dwell times 
(e.g., commercial/retail) will have a higher ratio of DC 50+ kW chargers. This is consistent with 
expected driver behavior across the use cases, where, for example, drivers park their cars at 
home or work for 6-8+ hours at a time (allowing sufficient time for ~200 miles of charge to be 
added to the battery with an L2 charger), while drivers park at grocery stores or malls for 
considerably shorter periods of time (2-4 hours, where a 50 kW DCFC would be needed to add 
200 miles of charge in that time period) [Chehab 2017]. 
 
 Across use cases, a majority of spend will be devoted to public use cases 
(commercial/retail centers, community depots, and municipal parking lots/garages), 
approximately one-third to workplaces, and the remainder to multi-family dwellings. However, 
considerations within individual metros, like corporate campus and multi-unit dwelling density, 
could alter these ratios. In addition to these use cases, there are other programs/technologies 
under consideration, including targeted battery storage. 
 
2.2.1.3.2. LONG-DISTANCE HIGHWAY NETWORK 
 
 Electrify America will build a long distance high speed highway network consisting of 
charging stations along high-traffic corridors between metropolitan areas, with an initial target 
of approximately 240 highway sites installed or under development by the end of the first cycle, 
more than 150 of which are expected to be completed. Sites will be, on average, about 66 
miles apart, with no more than 120 miles between stations, meaning many shorter range ZEVs 
available today will be able to use this network. An overview of the highway network is shown 
in Table 3 above. 
Electrify America’s goal is to locate the charging sites within easy access of the interstate 
in locations that provide ample parking spaces for charging, ensure customer safety, and offer 
access to retail and service establishments like restaurants, coffee houses, and retail and 
convenience stores to provide customers with options during the typical charging time period 
of up to 30 minutes. The average station will be able to charge five vehicles at once, with 
station capacity ranging from no less than four and up to ten vehicles charging at a time. 
The chargers deployed will represent state-of-the-art technology with the fastest 
charging speeds available. Stations will focus on 150 kW and some 320 kW DC fast chargers, 
which will also be capable of charging 50 kW capable vehicles at a lower power level. Most 
currently installed non-proprietary DC fast chargers are in the 25-50 kW range; a 50 kW charger 
can supply about 3 miles of ZEV range per minute of charging. Electrify America’s 150 kW DC 
fast charging stations will provide about 9 miles of ZEV range per minute of charging, while 320 
kW DC fast chargers will provide about 19 miles of range per minute. These faster charging 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 25 
speeds are necessary to refuel the next generation of larger battery capacity ZEVs with all-
electric ranges above 200 miles. 
Precise address locations or GPS coordinates for these highway corridor stations will be 
developed during our site identification, validation, and acquisition stage that begins in the 
second quarter 2017. These target locations will be considered confidential business 
information to ensure optimal lease terms during site negotiations. 
2.2.1.3.3. INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT TIMELINE AND MILESTONES 
 
 The estimated development schedules for both the highway and local community 
networks are shown in Table 4. The end-to-end process from site development is a lengthy 
process with multiple steps and includes the following: 
 
– Ordering equipment 
– Development of new property leads 
– Signing of lease agreements (or, where appropriate, purchasing property) 
– Development of permitting/pre-construction packages 
– Filing permits 
– Warehousing equipment and Quality Assurance/Quality Control 
– Permit approval 
– Site preparation 
– Equipment delivery to site 
– Completion of site construction 
– Landscaping 
– Utility connection to the grid/inspection and any additional utility preparation including 
new transformers or upgraded substations 
– Commissioning 
 
 The length of time needed to complete each step can vary considerably across use cases 
as well as across geographies (e.g., permit approval timelines can differ substantially from city-
to-city and state-to-state). Electrify America has already begun engaging key stakeholders and 
partners to begin implementation planning. As these relationships develop further, Electrify 
America will be able to start identifying and acquiring specific locations for chargers. 
 
 Development of the first metro community station is expected to begin in Q2 2017, with 
the first local community and highway charging stations expected to be operational in Q3 2017 
and Q2 2018, respectively. The process is expected to take longer for the highway charging 
stations due to the higher charging power hardware and more complex technical, real estate, 
and utility requirements involved. Interim milestones for each six month period for the pace of 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 26 
network construction for both the highway and local community charging stations are shown in 
Table 4. 
 
 
TABLE 4: INTERIM INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT MILESTONES (NUMBER OF STATIONS) DURING THE FIRST 
INVESTMENT CYCLE 
 
2.2.1.3.4. CHARGING STATION COST ESTIMATES 
 
 To derive an accurate budget estimate for the cost to construct the community-based 
and long distance charging infrastructure proposed for cycle 1, including all land acquisition, 
equipment procurement, installation, network and maintenance costs, Electrify America relied 
on several sources. Published cost estimates, such as those published by the National Academy 
of Sciences, and competitive benchmarking reports, were reviewed [NAS, 2015]. Electrify 
America drew on previous experience and expertise with currently available charging hardware, 
network, installation and operating costs, as well as typical vendor costs in procuring sites. 
Finally, Electrify America engaged in robust dialogue with industry partners (described in 
section 2.2.1.3.5.) to understand the costs associated with building stations equipped with a 
new generation of 150 kW and 320 kW DC fast chargers. 
 
2.2.1.3.5. INDUSTRY PARTNERSHIP ENGAGEMENT 
 
Electrify America will need the help of an extensive group of experienced suppliers in 
the charging infrastructure space to plan and implement this community and highway network, 
most of which are expected to be U.S. based firms. As such, Electrify America’s $250M 
investment in infrastructure implementation and maintenance across the nation, and $120M 
investment in California, is expected to create opportunity for the existing American charging 
industry and employment in many American communities. 
 
Electrify America has made significant progress in selecting vendors to meet these 
ambitious infrastructure build-out schedules. To date, Electrify America has solicited cost and 
technical information through an Request for Information (RFI), it has met with a large number 
of vendors across the charging space in a series of “Vendor Days,” it has received numerous 
vender proposals through its National Outreach Plan Process, it has prioritized several vendors 
across key procurement categories from site identification and acquisition to site maintenance, 
Pre-site selection In development Operational Pre-site selection In development Operational
Q2 2017 200-250 50-100 0 100-150 0-50 0
Q4 2017 100-150 150-200 50-100 50-100 50-100 0
Q2 2018 0 150-200 100-150 0-50 150+ 0-50
Q4 2018 0 0-50 250-300 0 100-150 0-50
Q2 2019 0 0 300+ 0 0-50 150+
Community-based local network Long-distance highway network

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 27 
and it has initiated a series of Requests for Proposals (RFPs). Note that the RFI process is not 
limiting in that potential partners who did not participate in the RFI process may still be a part 
of the implementation moving forward when appropriate, and Electrify America will welcome 
such participation. An overview of the process is shown in Figure 7. Key steps included the 
following: 
 
 RFI issuance (Dec. 9th): 45+ vendors across the ZEV space (80+ percent U.S. based) sent 
letters requesting information (capabilities across the value chain, relevant experiences, 
and product/service offerings). 
 FAQ issuance (Dec. 19th): Vendor questions answered to clarify RFI where needed. 
 RFI response review (Jan. 6th):Information collected and scored based on vendors’ 
capabilities, experience, and fit with Electrify America’s overall mission. This process 
followed a rigorous, objective scoring methodology to best identify vendors positioned 
to help Electrify America. 
 Vendor Days (Jan. 17th-19th): Detailed presentations were given by approximately 30 
vendors across procurement categories to provide qualitative highlights of their 
capabilities and future plans that Electrify America should consider in its forward 
planning. 
 RFP issuance (March onwards): For priority procurement areas, RFPs began to be issued 
March 9, beginning with one for site identification, validation and acquisition. The 
highway network hardware RFP was also issued in March 2017. 
 
 
FIGURE 7: OVERVIEW OF RFI/RFP PROCESS 


 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 28 
 
2.2.1.4. Maintenance plan for ZEV infrastructure 
 
 Electrify America will issue RFPs to external vendors to ensure that periodic 
maintenance will be available across the network for 10 years after the Effective Date to enable 
the hardware to remain operational over the entire 10 year period. Furthermore, contract 
terms negotiated after completion of the RFP process will ensure that the charging equipment 
is marked with a toll-free customer service hotline available 24/7 and that this number will be 
answered by a live operator if any maintenance issue should arise. Additionally, service 
response time metrics will be tracked. 
 
2.2.1.5. Interoperability and open access 
 
 In order to maximize public access to its charging network, infrastructure built by 
Electrify America will have the ability to service plug-in ZEVs using a mix of non-proprietary 
connectors, which can be built by multiple suppliers to a commonly developed specification and 
can charge electric vehicles produced by multiple automakers. Level 2 AC charging will utilize 
universally accepted J1772 connectors, while every DC fast charging station will utilize both 
non-proprietary charging standards (CCS and CHAdeMO) in the first cycle in order to maximize 
access. 
Through the National Outreach Plan process conducted during the development of this 
plan, Electrify America confirmed that the field of vehicle charging is rapidly evolving, especially 
regarding charging speed and non-proprietary connectors and protocols. We will continue to 
evaluate which chargers and non-proprietary connectors should be deployed as the technology 
and industry evolves. 
Electrify America will also support open protocols including Open Charge Point Protocol 
(OCPP) that allow more standardized communication between different chargers and networks. 
Electrify America will also work to maintain OCPP compliance and other measures to help 
maximize interoperability, a term that describes the ease of communication between the 
charger and the network it is on. A highly interoperable charger network is one that is able to 
communicate easily with other chargers and networks, much like cellphones that have roaming 
capabilities today or highway toll transponders that work across multiple toll systems. 
Infrastructure will also have the ability to accept multiple payment methods (e.g., 
subscriptions, mobile pay, RFID, credit cards, and “Plug-and-Charge” standardized in IEC/ISO 
15118) to simplify usage as much as possible across a range of buyers. This will be consistent 
with the Federal Highway Administration’s recent call for a consistent and convenient charging 
experience along charging corridors, especially with regard to payment methods [FHWA, 2017]. 
In particular, a key part of the business model will be providing true ‘pay-as-you-go’ access to 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 29 
potential customers, who will be able to use a credit card or other potential payment methods 
to recharge their vehicles without having a pre-existing relationship with a charging network 
operator. Note that there is also a disproportionate focus on publicly-accessible infrastructure 
(e.g., highway chargers, community depots, municipal parking lots and garages) to maximize 
access as well as promote exposure as broadly as possible. 
Through the support of multiple charging standards, the ability to accept multiple 
payment methods, and a strong focus on publicly-accessible infrastructure, Electrify America 
will be building a highly interoperable network that provides access to as many consumers as 
possible. This is consistent with Electrify America’s vision to promote ‘universal access’ as much 
as possible, well beyond the standards of many current players in the industry. 
 
 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 30 
2.2.2. Public education 
 
2.2.2.1. Guiding principles 
 
 The National Academy of Sciences’ landmark 2013 report, Overcoming Barriers to 
Electric Vehicle Deployment, found that “…most potential PEV customers have little knowledge 
of PEVs and almost no experience with them. Lack of familiarity with the vehicles and their 
operation and maintenance creates a substantial barrier to widespread PEV deployment.” The 
principles of the education campaigns, which can help to address the above finding, begin with 
an understanding of the current adoption rates of ZEVs. 
 
2.2.2.2. Investment selection methodology 
 
 Total spend allocation within the first 30-month investment cycle for education will be 
$43-50 million across the entire United States (with at least $25 million of this spend outside of 
California). This spend will be allocated across multiple media channels to reach consumers at 
critical touchpoints based on their consumption habits, as shown in Figure 8. 
 
 FIGURE 8: OVERVIEW OF GENERAL MEDIA CONSUMPTION HABITS 


 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 31 
2.2.2.3. Specific description of investments 
 
 Based on segmentation analysis and consumer media consumption habits, we have 
developed a comprehensive plan to deliver messaging about both ZEV benefits and overcoming 
barriers to ZEV adoption. Media will be used to put ZEVs on the “big stage” in order to help 
consumers see that ZEVs not only meet the majority of their needs today, but also, as 
infrastructure networks grow further, adoption barriers continue to be reduced. 
 
 A preliminary illustration of this 360 degree messaging is summarized in Figure 9. A 
more detailed view of this is still under development by the creative and media agencies, but 
the messaging will be split across traditional advertising channels like TV, targeted digital 
advertising channels including digital radio, social media, websites, as well as partnerships with 
various platforms to further spread messaging. 
 
 
 
FIGURE 9: PRELIMINARY MULTI-CHANNEL APPROACH TO REACH CONSUMERS AT CRITICAL TOUCHPOINTS4 
 
 In order to quickly maximize messaging presence, a coordinated National/Local media 
strategy was developed. This allows for a quick ramp-up across the country, followed by 
 
4 The experiential programs, if considered access or exposure activities under Appendix C, are subject to written pre-
approval by EPA before they may be considered creditable costs. 


 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 32 
sustained messaging in top high potential ZEV markets. An overview of these planning 
principles can be seen in Figure 10. 
 
 
FIGURE 10: PRELIMINARY NATIONAL AND LOCAL MEDIA PLANNING PRINCIPLES 
 
 
2.2.2.4. Public education timeline and milestones 
 
 Electrify America’s creative agency continues to refine the creative content based on the 
segmentation analysis (highlighting the most impactful benefits of ZEVs), and creative concepts 
should be finalized in the next month, followed by finalization of media planning by summer. 
 
2.2.3. Public access initiatives 
 
 Experiential initiatives like ride-and-drive events are being planned to help increase ZEV 
access and exposure for as many Americans as possible. The purpose of these activities is to 
increase the public’s awareness of and access to ZEVs and allow them to experience ZEVs 
without having to purchase a vehicle. Options here are currently being explored, and updates 
will be provided in future reporting cycles. Electrify America will seek written approval for its 
access program from EPA before making these investments, as required by Appendix C. 
 
 
 


 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 33 
2.3. Anticipated Creditable Costs 
 
 Creditable costs for the first 30-month investment cycle have been identified across the 
twelve categories specified in §2.5.3 of Appendix C. The creditable costs reflect Electrify 
America’s current perspective and best estimate of anticipated costs, but are subject to change 
as the business continues to develop (e.g., vendors identified, full organization hired, office 
lease signed) and actual costs are incurred. Which costs incurred by Electrify America are 
creditable costs is determined by the Final Creditable Cost Guidance approved by EPA in March 
2017. 
Specific creditable costs that fall within the taxes and governmental fees line item have 
not yet been identified and will be detailed in future Annual ZEV Investment Reports. Services 
provided through SLAs (Service Level Agreements) between Electrify America and other 
Volkswagen group companies include finance, tax, treasury, human resources, legal, and 
purchasing. As the vast majority of creditable costs are driven by goods and services obtained 
pursuant to third-party contracts, additional detail has been provided for major investment 
categories (i.e., Infrastructure, Green City, Education/Access, Outreach, other Overhead). 
 
2.4. Advancement of ZEV technology in the United States 
 
 The activities described in the National ZEV Investment Plan are designed to promote 
and support the increased use of ZEVs in a number of ways: 
 
– The ZEV infrastructure plan is designed to increase the use of ZEVs in the US. The 
support of multiple use cases in the local community network and the spatial coverage 
of the highway network are intended to reduce range anxiety, which is cited as a 
primary barrier to ZEV adoption by prospective buyers. 
 
– The gap between the current existing energy supplied by charging infrastructure and 
the projected demand calculated in the ZEV infrastructure investment selection 
methodology (section 2.2.1.2) illustrates there is a clearly existing present and 
projected need for the additional ZEV charging infrastructure that the Electrify 
America network will help satisfy. 
 
– Electrify America will build charging stations in the areas of highest ZEV demand 
(section 2.2.1.2), where there is the highest likelihood of utilization and provides 
accessibility/availability where most needed and most likely to be regularly used. 
 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 34 
– The ZEV infrastructure is intended for, and compatible with ZEV technologies that are 
not limited to ones supported by VW group brands. Instead, the goal is to promote 
universal access. In particular, multiple technologies (L2, DCFC) and multiple non-
proprietary connectors and charging protocols (e.g., CHAdeMO, CCS) will be offered to 
maximize public access to Electrify America’s charging infrastructure. 
 
– The combination of the above factors will help to support and/or advance the market 
penetration of ZEVs in the US and help to build positive awareness of ZEVs. 
 
2.5. Certification of activities 
 
 Electrify America certifies that none of the activities described in the ZEV investment 
plan described above was/is: 
 
– approved by the Board of Management prior to September 18, 2015 
 
– required by a contract entered prior to the date of lodging of the Consent Decree 
 
– a part of a joint effort with other automobile manufacturers to create ZEV 
infrastructure 
 
– required to be performed by any federal, state, or local law, or anticipate will be 
required to perform during the planned 30-month period 
 
2.6. Supporting literature 
 
 In developing the methodology for the National ZEV Investment Plan, a number of 
sources from peer-reviewed academic literature, government, and industry were used. 
Important data and information from these sources was used to ensure that, in developing our 
plan, the investments have the highest likelihood of increasing the use of ZEVs in the U.S., 
address a clearly existing need, have a high likelihood of utilization and provide accessibility 
where most needed, support the market penetration of ZEVs, and help build positive 
awareness for ZEVs. For example, in developing our local community-based charger plan, a 
number of sources providing information on major U.S. metropolitan areas were used to 
determine the suitability of investment needed across metro areas, allowing us to select metros 
with the most significant need for investment in ZEV infrastructure. 
 
A selection of key sources used is included below: 
 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 35 
1. Alternative Fuels Corridors. Advancing America’s 21st century transportation network. Jan. 
2017. https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/environment/alternative_fuel_corridors/ 
 
2. Carson, Barney (2016). DC Fast Charging Infrastructure: 50 kW to 350 kW. Idaho National 
Laboratory. 
https://avt.inl.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/presentations/INL_DCFastChargerInfrastructure.p
df 
 
3. California Center for Sustainable Energy (2013). California plug-in electric vehicle driver 
survey results. 
 
4. Chehab, Nay (2017). Pump up the charge with extreme fast charging. Office of Energy 
Efficiency and Renewable Energy. Jan. 2017. https://energy.gov/eere/articles/pump-charge-
extreme-fast-charging 
 
5. Clark-Sutton, Kyle; Siddiki, Saba; Carley, Sanya; Wanner, Celeste; Rupp, John; and Graham, 
John D. (2016). Plug-in electric vehicle readiness: Rating cities in the United States. The 
Electricity Journal, 29, 1, 30-40. 
 
6. Council of Economic Advisors (2009). Estimates of job creation from the American Recovery 
and Reinvestment Act of 2009. 
https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/administration/eop/cea/Estimate-of-Job-Creation/ 
 
7. Dale Kardos and Associates. EV incentives by state Q2 2016 update. 
 
8. Edison Electric Institute (EEI) (2016). EV market assessment and survey narrative summary. 
 
9. EERE (Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy). Alternative Fuel Data Center. U.S. 
Department of Energy. http://www.afdc.energy.gov/ 
 
10. Esri street data. Esri GIS mapping software. 
 
11. Experian (estimated 2020 total vehicles by CBSA). 
http://www.experian.com/automotive/auto-vehicle-data.html 
 
12. Factiva press search or market reports on ZEV incentives / regulations. 
http://global.factiva.com 
 
13. “FAST Act” or the “Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act.’’ Public Law 114-94, enacted 
December 4, 2015. 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 36 
 
14. Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) (2017). National Electric Vehicle Charging and 
Hydrogen, Propane, and Natural Gas Fueling Corridors. 
https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/environment/alternative_fuel_corridors/resources/section_141
3_report/fhwahep170.pdf 
 
15. FHWA (annual miles driven), https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/ohim/onh00/bar8.htm 
 
16. FHWA Traveler Analysis Framework (high traffic long-distance routes between CBSAs), 
https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policyinformation/analysisframework/01.cfm 
 
17. Friedman, David (2017). Public Plug-in Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure Guiding 
Principles. U.S. Department of Energy. https://energy.gov/eere/articles/public-plug-
electric-vehicle-charging-infrastructure-guiding-principles 
 
18. Idaho National Laboratory (2015). Plugged in: How Americans Charge their Electric Vehicles 
– Findings from the Largest Plug-in Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Demonstration in the 
World. https://avt.inl.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/arra/SummaryReport.pdf 
 
19. Idaho National Laboratory (2015b). DC Fast Charger Usage in the Pacific Northwest. 
https://avt.inl.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/evse/INL_WCEH_DCFCUsage.pdf 
 
20. IHS Markit (2016). “Alternative powertrain forecasts: USA market framework factors 
impacting electrification.” Prepared for VW AG – K – GVS – V3. 
 
21. Kneebone, Elizabeth, & Holmes, Natalie (2015). The growing distance between people and 
jobs in metropolitan America. Washington D.C.: Brookings Institute, Metropolitan Policy 
Program. 
 
22. Kwan, Irene; Lutsey, Nic; Slowik, Peter; & Lingzhi, Jin (2016). Identifying the leading regional 
electric vehicle markets in the United States. International Council on Clean Transportation, 
working paper 2016-20. 
 
23. Laign, Keith. “Feds Move to Boost Electric Car Use.” Detroit News. Nov. 3, 2016. 
 
24. Lutsey, Nic; Searle, Stephanie; Chambliss, Sarah; & Bandivadekar, Anup (2015). Assessment 
of leading electric vehicle promotion activities in United States cities. International Council 
on Clean Transportation, white paper. 
 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 37 
25. Melaina, Marc, & Helwig, Michael (2014). California statewide plug-in electric vehicle 
infrastructure assessment. Golden: National Renewable Energy Laboratory, Alternative and 
renewable fuel and vehicle technology program final project report. 
 
26. Morsy, Salim (2016). Peak demand charges and DC fast charging – cost structures and 
commercial viability. Bloomberg New Energy Finance. 
 
27. National Academy of Sciences (2015). Overcoming Barriers to Deployment of Plug-in Electric 
Vehicles. 
 
28. National Academy of Sciences (2013). Overcoming Barriers to Electric Vehicle Deployment – 
Interim Report. 
 
29. Neubauer, J.S. and Wood, E. (2015). Will your Battery Survive a World with Fast Chargers? 
http://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy15osti/63531.pdf 
 
30. Plugshare (existing charger locations and counts), http://www.plugshare.com/ 
 
31. Searle, Stephanie; Pavlenko, Nikita; & Lutsey, Nic (2016). Leading edge of electric vehicle 
market development in the United States: an analysis of California cities. International 
Council on Clean Transportation, white paper. 
 
32. Shepard, Scott, & Jerram, Lisa (2016). Electric vehicle geographic forecasts – battery and 
plug-in hybrid electric vehicle sales and populations in North America. Boulder: Navigant 
Research. 
 
33. Shepard, Scott; Jerram, Lisa; Gartner, John; & Brown, David (2016b). Distribution of BEVs by 
Range and Class, United States 2016-2025. Boulder: Navigant Research. 
 
34. Singer, Mark (2016). Consumer Views on Plug-In Electric Vehicles, National Benchmark 
Report. National Renewable Energy Laboratory. 
http://www.afdc.energy.gov/uploads/publication/consumer_views_pev_benchmark_2nd_e
d.pdf 
 
35. Strategic Vision (2016). New Vehicle Experience Survey. 
 
36. Supercharge.info (location of fast charger stations), https://supercharge.info/ 
 
37. US Census Bureau (population statistics), https://www.census.gov/ 
 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 38 
38. US Department of Energy (2015). Workplace Charging Challenge – mid-program review: 
Employees Plug-in. https://energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2015/12/f27/105313-5400-BR-0-
EERE%20Charging%20Challenge-FINAL_0.pdf 
 
39. US Energy Information Administration (nationwide electricity prices), 
http://www.eia.gov/electricity/data/browser/ 
 
40. US Department of Transportation (2014). “GROW AMERICA Act: Creating a pathway to 
transportation careers.” 
https://www.transportation.gov/sites/dot.gov/files/docs/Workforce_DOT_Reuth_FINAL_20
14.pdf 
 
41. US Department of Transportation (2003). NHTS 2001 Highlights Report. Washington D.C.: 
Bureau of Transportation Statistics. 
 
42. US Department of Transportation (2011). Summary of travel trends – 2009 national 
household travel survey. Washington D.C.: Federal Highway Administration. 
 
43. US Utility Rate Database (URDB; utility rate plan information), 
http://en.openei.org/wiki/Utility_Rate_Database 
 
44. Wood, E. et al. (2017). Regional Charging Infrastructure for Plug-in Electric Vehicles: A case 
study of Massachusetts. http://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy17osti/67436.pdf 
 
 
 
 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 39 
2.7. ZEV charging infrastructure glossary 
 
AC Charging 
The majority of ZEV charging is done with AC voltage at Level 1 (120 volts or normal 
household current) or Level 2 (240 volts or an electric dryer power equivalent). AC 
charging is typically more cost effective for the equipment and installation and takes 
advantage of longer dwell times to provide lower power to a ZEV over a longer period of 
time. AC charging is an excellent solution for residential, workplace, multi-unit dwelling 
and other longer-term parking situations like hotels and municipal or airport parking 
garages. 
DC Fast Charging 
Direct current charging for electric vehicles allows for higher charging speeds, as DC 
current can be supplied directly to the electric vehicle’s battery at power levels normally 
higher than AC charging. The higher the DC power supplied, the faster the electric 
vehicle can be charged, provided the vehicle is designed to handle such power. A 
common DC power is 50 kW, which is the upper limit of all the current vehicles which 
support SAE CCS today, while the CHAdeMO DC standard will accept up to 62.5 kW 
power. The proprietary Tesla Supercharger technology can charge up to 140 kW and is 
currently the most powerful charging available. By 2019, it is expected that 150+ kW DC 
fast charging will be available on a number of vehicles, and speeds of up to 320 kW (at 
350 amps of current at 200V to 920V power source) will be available on a limited basis. 
To illustrate the charging power difference between Level 2 AC and DC fast charging, a 
Level 2 7.2 kW AC charger will deliver about 27 miles of ZEV range per hour of charging, 
whereas a 50 kW DC fast charger will deliver well over 100 miles of range per hour. 
CHAdeMO 
A DC fast charging standard first developed in Japan for the Japanese market and 
capable in the U.S. of charging the Nissan Leaf, Kia Soul and Mitsubishi iMiEV. 
CCS (Combined Charging System) 
CCS is a DC fast charging protocol that is SAE certified and featured on vehicles 
produced by GM, BMW, Volkswagen Group, Ford and a number of other automakers 
headquartered in Europe and the United States. The “combined” term designates the 
CCS capability to incorporate the level 2 (J1772 standard) plug and DC fast charging 
connector into the same larger plug. 
Dwell Time 
The term for the amount of time a ZEV is parked in a location. The longer the “dwell” 
time, the longer it is parked. 
Higher Power DC Fast Charging 
New technology developments will feature 150 kW to 320 kW of charging power, 
capable of adding electricity to a new generation of longer-range ZEVs at a rate of 
between 9 and 19 miles per minute. The new chargers designed under CCS protocol will 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 40 
be available in 2018, utilizing primarily “kiosk” designs, meaning the power electronics 
and other important components are housed outside the charger itself in an easier-to-
service box in a separate location. Not only will these new chargers deliver higher 
charging power, the 350 amps of current they use will necessitate the use of liquid-
cooled charging cables to present an easier-to-handle, thinner cable with which 
customers will be able to charge their vehicles. The CHAdeMO Association is also 
working to complete a 150 kW charging protocol by 2017. 
OCPP 
The Open Charge Alliance (OCA) is a global consortium of public and private electric 
vehicle (EV) infrastructure leaders that have come together to promote open standards. 
OCPP is the protocol they have developed to provide powerful, open, and interoperable 
communication between the different ZEV charging infrastructure companies, hardware 
and network. 
Plug-and-charge 
Plug-and-charge is part of the latest revision of the CCS combo standard, featuring the 
IEC/ISO 15118 standard which prescribes the means by which a charger and network 
can identify and authenticate a specific vehicle to allow for a charging session 
automatically, by simply “plugging in”, without the need for supplemental membership 
cards or fobs. 
Proprietary/Non-Proprietary Charging Connector and Protocol 
A non-proprietary connector is not privately-owned or controlled and is thus easily 
available as a standard and does not require extensive development to be ready for 
application. Both CHAdeMO and CCS combo are non-proprietary DC fast charging 
protocols. A proprietary charging connector is a connector and charging network that is 
exclusively accessible to one brand of vehicle or type of user. 
Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) 
Under Appendix C, the following three vehicle types are considered Zero Emission 
Vehicles: 
1. An on-road passenger car or light duty vehicle, light duty truck, medium duty 
vehicle, or heavy duty vehicle that produces zero exhaust emissions of all of the 
following pollutants: non-methane organic gases, carbon monoxide, particulate 
matter, carbon dioxide, methane, formaldehyde, oxides of nitrogen, or nitrous 
oxide, including, but not limited to, battery electric vehicles (“BEV”) and fuel cell 
vehicles (“FEV”); 
2. An on-road plug-in hybrid electric vehicle (“PHEV”) with zero emission range greater 
than 35 miles as measured on the federal Urban Dynamometer Driving Schedule 
(“UDDS”) in the case of passenger cars, light duty vehicles and light duty trucks, and 
10 miles as measured on the federal UDDS in the case of medium- and heavy-duty 
vehicles; or 
3. An on-road heavy-duty vehicle with an electric powered takeoff. 

 
National ZEV Investment Plan: Cycle 1, Public Version 41 
ZEVs do not include: zero emission off-road equipment and vehicles; zero emission 
light rail; additions to transit bus fleets utilizing existing catenary electric power; or any 
vehicle not capable of being licensed for use on public roads.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/assets/pdf/Cycle 1 CA ZEV Invest Plan Supplement.a92e7705.pdf

Supplement to the California 
ZEV Investment Plan 
Cycle 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
JUNE 29, 2017 
 


1 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
Table of Contents 
1 Introduction .......................................................................................................................................................... 2 
2 The ZEV Investment Commitment ........................................................................................................................ 3 
3 10-Year Vision ....................................................................................................................................................... 5 
3.1 Differences between the Cycle 1 National and California ZEV Investment Plans ........................................ 8 
4 Additional Information on the Cycle 1 California ZEV Investment Plan ................................................................ 9 
4.1 A High-speed Highway Network .................................................................................................................. 9 
4.2 Building a Green City for ZEV Access .......................................................................................................... 10 
4.3 Community Charging .................................................................................................................................. 11 
4.4 Brand-Neutral Public Education and Outreach Activities .......................................................................... 13 
4.5 ZEV Access Initiatives ................................................................................................................................. 14 
4.6 Commitment to Workforce Development and Supplier Diversity ............................................................. 15 
4.7 Summary of Investments Consistent with CARB Priorities ........................................................................ 15 
5 Additional Steps to Support Disadvantaged, Low-income, and Underserved Communities .............................. 17 
5.1 Expanding Community Charging to Include the Fresno Metro Area ......................................................... 17 
5.2 Focus Education in CARB-prioritized Communities .................................................................................... 17 
5.3 Increasing Access to a High Speed Highway Charging Network ................................................................ 18 
5.4 Participating in Efforts to Identify Market Barriers .................................................................................... 19 
6 Planning, Transparency, and Coordination ......................................................................................................... 20 
6.1 Partnerships ............................................................................................................................................... 20 
6.2 Additional Information on Infrastructure Planning Processes ................................................................... 22 
6.3 Additional Information on the Green Cities Selection Process .................................................................. 23 
6.4 Response to Comments ............................................................................................................................. 25 
6.5 Regular Updates on Implementation ......................................................................................................... 27 
7 Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicle Technology .............................................................................................................. 29 
8 Costs and Other Data Requests .......................................................................................................................... 31 
8.1 Creditable Costs ......................................................................................................................................... 31 
8.2 Electrify America’s Business Model ........................................................................................................... 31 
8.3 Data Sharing ............................................................................................................................................... 31 
8.4 Monitoring and Maintenance of ZEV Investments .................................................................................... 32 
8.4.1 Network Monitoring .......................................................................................................................... 32 
8.4.2 Call Center ......................................................................................................................................... 32 
8.5 On-going Maintenance............................................................................................................................... 33 
8.6 Timelines .................................................................................................................................................... 33 
9 Sources ................................................................................................................................................................ 35 

2 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
 
1 Introduction 
Electrify America welcomes the opportunity to provide additional information on its plan to invest $200 
million in the first 30-month cycle to support Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) use in California, consistent 
with the ZEV Investment Commitment laid out in Appendix C to the 2.0-Liter Partial Consent Decree 
entered by the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California on October 25, 2016. We are 
proud of the research, analysis, and consultation we have conducted over the past six months to bring 
us to this point, and we believe this new information will help to demonstrate the substantial additional 
benefits that this investment will produce for Californians from all communities. 
There has been some confusion about the requirements applicable to the ZEV Investment Commitment, 
but this Supplement will make one thing clear: Electrify America's Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan would 
result in substantial investment in and benefit to underserved, low-income, and disadvantaged 
communities that are among the State of California’s priorities because investing in these communities 
often makes sound business sense. The Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan lays out a business investment, 
not a penalty payment plan, but that investment is designed to advance the goal of increased ZEV use 
shared by both Electrify America and California. 
This supplement will also add new investments to the Cycle 1 ZEV Investment Plan. We have added the 
Fresno metro area as a focus for community charging investments, developed an education and 
outreach proposal targeted at the unique barriers to ZEV use in low-income and disadvantaged 
communities, and presented a new strategy to explore the use of more affordable pre-owned ZEVs. 
Finally, this Supplement will provide additional information on how Electrify America intends to plan and 
operate. We describe ongoing work with the ZEV charging industry, utilities, local leaders, and experts 
to ensure that Electrify America's investments are as impactful as possible. We present more 
information on our approach to future planning cycles, where we will evaluate emerging ZEV 
technologies, such as heavy duty hydrogen fuel cell technologies, for potential investment. Finally, we 
provide a detailed description of how Electrify America plans to oversee and maintain its investments. 
Electrify America is committed to investing in the infrastructure and education that California needs to 
reach 1.5 million ZEVs on the road by 2025, helping the state reduce its dependence on foreign oil, and 
helping consumers save money at the pump, while dramatically reducing smog and greenhouse gas 
emissions that endanger the health and welfare of Californians. Electrify America intends to make 
investments that supply a much needed benefit to all Californians, including low and moderate income 
residents, and those who live in disadvantaged communities. 
Electrify America has begun investing in the rest of the United States and has already installed its first 
charging stations on the East Coast. We urge rapid consideration of this supplement, and quick approval 
of the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan, so we can begin to create jobs, reduce emissions, and provide 
much needed services to all Californians. 
 

3 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
2 The ZEV Investment Commitment 
Starting in December 2016, Electrify America solicited proposals, recommendations, and comments 
from stakeholders regarding the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan, and these comments and 
recommendations have significantly informed Electrify America’s investment priorities. However, 
Electrify America is concerned that some comments submitted to CARB on the Cycle 1 CA ZEV 
Investment Plan demonstrate a misunderstanding regarding the requirements and intent of the ZEV 
Investment Commitment included in Appendix C, as well as Electrify America’s plans within this space. 
For example, commenters expressed the view that the ZEV Investment Commitment was a punishment 
for pollution instead of an investment, urged CARB to require Electrify America to spend money in 
locations and on programs without regard to whether such spending could be economically justified as 
an investment, urged that CARB require investment for the purpose of benefitting specific communities, 
and urged that CARB direct the specific location and nature of the Electrify America investment – often 
without regard to the important consideration that investments be made where they are likely to be 
well utilized. 
The court-ordered, legally binding settlements reached between California, the Federal Government, 
and VW will result in VW providing the State of California with $688 million, which the state can spend 
as it desires, on the priorities of state government, without regard to investment prerogatives. This 
includes $25 million that Volkswagen specifically agreed to provide to CARB for its programs to advance 
ZEV deployment in low-income and disadvantaged communities, as well as $423 million for the NOx 
Mitigation Trust, including contributions specified in both the 2.0 Liter and 3.0 Liter settlements. 
 According to the 2.0 Liter consent decree, 
“the purpose of the Mitigation Trust is to 
fulfill the Settling Defendants’ 
environmental mitigation obligations under 
the Consent Decree. All payments to and 
expenditures from the Mitigation Trust shall 
be for the sole purpose of fulfilling the 
Settling Defendants’ environmental 
mitigation obligations under the Consent 
Decree.” The Consent Decree explicitly 
directs that this funding should be spent – 
by the State and the Trustee without any 
influence or control by Volkswagen – on 
action that “mitigates the impacts of NOx 
emissions on communities that have 
historically borne a disproportionate share 
of the adverse impacts of such emissions.” 
In contrast, in Appendix C, Volkswagen committed to make an $800 million investment which would 
advance the use of ZEV technology in the state of California, but, in the words of CARB Chairman Mary 
Nichols: 
Appendix C, the ZEV investment settlement, is not either a civil penalty or mitigation. It does 
commit Volkswagen to investing $800 million in California on ZEV infrastructure, brand-neutral 
Settlement Monetary Injunctive
2.0 Liter 
Diesel $381 million (Trust) $800 million
3.0 Liter 
Diesel
$42 million (Trust)
$25 million (APCF1)
New ZEV 
Models/Types
Unfair and 
Deceptive 
Acts (UDAP)
$86 million (AG’s office)2
Penalty/Civil $154 million (APCF1)
Total State to Manage
$688 million
Electrify America 
to Manage
$800 million
VW Settlement
Commitments in California
1 Air Pollution Control Fund
2 $76M for legal fees, $10M to be distributed at the attorney general’s discretion to 
state and local agencies as research grants

4 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
public awareness marketing, increasing access to ZEVs, and green city projects. So if done well, 
this investment will benefit Volkswagen in their new ventures into the ZEV world without a 
doubt. But it will also benefit equally, if not more so just based on numbers, the other firms and 
stakeholders that are involved in ZEV as well [CARB Hearing]. 
Similarly, the head of EPA’s Enforcement Office testified before the U.S. House of Representatives that 
“In this case, this is a part of the injunctive relief; this is not a penalty…. It's an investment that VW is 
making in ZEV infrastructure” [Giles]. All parties understood that this investment would have to be 
guided by business needs, in order to increase the 
likelihood that Electrify America is able to create a 
sustainable network that provides services to 
Californians for longer than the ten years covered by 
the Consent Decree. 
Appendix C requires that infrastructure investments 
“should support and advance the use of ZEVs in the 
United States by addressing an existing need or 
supporting a reasonably anticipated need.” (1.10.1) 
Electrify America will be investing in disadvantaged, 
low-income, and underserved communities because we 
believe these investments are economically justified and meet an existing need, as well as being 
consistent with California priorities. 
After California, the United States and Volkswagen reached agreement upon the terms of and signed the 
2.0 Liter Consent Decree establishing the ZEV Investment Commitment, California’s legislature passed 
legislation (AB 1550) requiring a portion of its own cap and trade dollars to be spent specifically within 
certain census tracts that the state has labelled “disadvantaged” and “low-income.” Some commenters 
incorrectly believe that this requirement applies to Electrify America’s investments presented in the 
Cycle 1 ZEV Investment Plan. However, the California Office of Legislative Counsel interprets that this 
requirement is applicable to State of California allocation of funds raised through cap and trade 
auctions. The requirement does not apply to all state spending, such as the California Energy 
Commission’s spending on ZEV infrastructure authorized through 2024 under AB 8. This requirement 
also does not apply to private business investments in vehicle fueling infrastructure, whether the 
investment is in gasoline stations and CNG stations distributing a fuel regulated under cap and trade, or 
hydrogen stations and electric vehicle charging stations supporting ZEV technology use.1 
 
 
1 Under SB 350, California’s investor-owned utilities were authorized to build charging equipment and pass that 
cost on to customers through their rate base, subject to PUC approval. In rate cases before the PUC, the utilities 
agreed to build 10-15 percent of stations specifically in census tracts that the state has designated as 
“disadvantaged,” to study utilization in these areas, and to study barriers to further adoption of ZEVs. But this 
condition is not a statutory requirement. 
-- Cynthia Giles, 
EPA Assistant Administrator 
in a hearing before the 
US House of Representatives`
In this case, this is a part of the 
injunctive relief; this is not a 
penalty…it's an investment that 
VW is making in ZEV 
infrastructure

5 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
3 10-Year Vision 
Electrify America LLC, headquartered in Virginia, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Volkswagen Group of 
America (VWGoA) created to fulfill VWGoA’s ZEV Investment Commitment. Electrify America is 
investing $800 million over the next 10 years in zero emission vehicle (ZEV) infrastructure, education, 
and access (including the Green City Initiative) to support the increased use of ZEV technology in 
California, representing the largest commitment of its kind to date. Based on figures from the Council of 
Economic Advisors and U.S. Department of Transportation related to highway and transit investments, 
the $800 million being spent is estimated to support up to 8,500 jobs over the 10 year course of the 
investment [Dept. of Transportation, Council of Economic Advisors].2 
 
Electrify America’s vision is to establish a premier ZEV charging network that is comprehensive, 
technologically advanced and customer-centric -- to drive ZEV adoption by reducing charging anxiety 
and increasing convenience, which clearly benefits Californians using ZEVs as a primary vehicle. We will 
build a nationwide network of workplace, community, and reliable highway chargers that are easy to 
find and use. Our infrastructure investment, combined with our education and access programs, will 
enable millions of Americans to discover the benefits of ZEV driving. 
As laid out in both the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment 
Plan and the EPA-approved Cycle 1 National ZEV 
Investment Plan, one of Electrify America’s 
guiding principles is to build a long term, 
economically-sustainable network that provides 
services beyond the 10 year consent decree 
window. The first cycle of investment will focus 
on establishing the largest nationwide network of 
non-proprietary charging infrastructure, 
deploying high power charging stations capable 
of refueling a ZEV at 10-20 miles of range per 
minute. The stations will be compatible with EVs 
from all major brands, not just those produced 
by Volkswagen Group brands. Instead, the goal is 
to promote universal access to the extent 
possible. In particular, multiple technologies (L2, 
DCFC) and multiple non‐proprietary connectors and charging protocols (e.g., CHAdeMO, CCS) will be 
offered to maximize public access to Electrify America’s charging infrastructure. 
These stations will be designed to be interoperable with other charging networks, pending agreements 
with other charging providers. They will be deployed in metro areas and along high traffic corridors 
where ZEV charging infrastructure is projected to be most in demand, utilizing an analysis-based 
 
2 The Council of Economic Advisors estimates that every $1 billion in federal highway and transit investment would 
support 13,000 jobs. This total count includes direct, indirect, and induced jobs. The estimate here is for the 
number of jobs created by infrastructure and Green City investments, and it does not include jobs created through 
brand-neutral education and awareness or Electrify America overhead. The estimate assumes that infrastructure 
and Green City investments will continue to be the same percentage of total spend t hat they are in Cycle 1, and 
that ZEV investments create a similar number of job-hours per dollar spent as highway and transit investments. 
Overview of Cycle 1 California Plan
Community 
charging (L2, 
50-150Kw) 
workplaces, 
depots, etc.
Highway fast 
charging (150-
350Kw)
~$75M
Public educ. 
& aware-
ness
~$20M ZEV access 
initiatives 
“Green City”
~$44M
~$45M

6 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
approach as strongly recommended by Federal experts [Friedman]. Electrify America envisions its 
access, education, and Green City investments to expose Californians from all walks of life to the 
benefits and utility of ZEV technology, resulting in widespread growth and depth of awareness and 
interest in ZEV technology among the general public. 
Electrify America strives to be an analysis driven company that utilizes data to guide investment to 
maximize impact, learns from past failures in the ZEV refueling industry, listens to experts (e.g. UCLA, 
UC Davis, National Renewable Energy Laboratory, and the National Academy of Sciences), and future-
proofs its investments whenever possible. 
As Electrify America acknowledged at the March 24, 2017 CARB hearing, the timeline for developing the 
Cycle 1 California ZEV Investment Plan established by Appendix C is very short. Electrify America 
solicited and considered more than 500 suggestions, proposals, and guidance submissions for its Cycle 1 
ZEV Investment Plans, including some from environmental justice organizations, and it has already 
responded to most submissions. These recommendations, suggestions, and proposals significantly 
impacted the Cycle 1 ZEV Investment Plans. However, the short timeline limited Electrify America’s 
capacity to engage with stakeholders and produced some confusion about both Electrify America’s 
intentions and the underlying nature of the ZEV Investment Commitment. Electrify America plans to 
engage in an even more robust outreach effort in future planning cycles. 
Electrify America has strategically and consciously not begun planning for future investment cycles, as 
the company believes that each investment cycle offers the opportunity to consider new information, 
revisit past assumptions, and consider feedback. Electrify America will update its analytical models, 
engage in a robust National Outreach strategy, monitor new technology and public policy developments, 
track evolving consumer expectations, and fully explore the merit of the full set of allowable ZEV 
Investments during the planning and development of each future ZEV Investment Plan. 
Conceptually, Electrify America envisions that it will use an analysis driven process to identify 
investments in Cycles 2-4, and likely investments could include adding new routes to expand the 
breadth of the ZEV highway charging network, reducing spacing between stations, increasing the 
charging density within existing metro areas, focusing investment in additional metro areas, expanding 
education programming, and deploying successful access programs in a second Green City. Electrify 
America notes that it was not able to select every metropolitan area that submitted a strong proposal, 
but it will likely expand its community charging investments into metro areas with supportive 
government policies and strong utility integration. 
Electrify America’s goal of an economically sustainable charging network will be easier to realize if the 
ZEV consumer market expands. According to the National Academy of Sciences and UCLA’s Luskin 
Center for Innovation, current ZEV consumers are predominantly well-educated males, the majority of 
whom purchase a ZEV as a secondary vehicle (see Figure 1.) Regardless of infrastructure, ZEV cost of 
ownership is and will continue to be a barrier to adoption for low-income consumers, as more than 95% 
of ZEV vehicle models projected to be on the market between now and 2021 are projected to sell for 
$30,000 or more. 
These demographic realities are issues that Electrify America will work to address through its brand-
neutral education and awareness efforts, and active engagement with auto dealers and local 
stakeholders, including the environmental justice community, provides an important opportunity to 

7 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
address this challenge. Electrify America is committed to collaborating with and obtaining input from 
environmental justice, equity, and other community-based groups serving low-income residents to help 
inform future investment cycles, as part of the Outreach process. Electrify America will welcome 
meaningful input from all stakeholders on where ZEV investments are most needed and will be most 
utilized. 
Figure 1: Demographics of ZEV Buyers in the United States 
 
 
Electrify America will strive to address the needs of the market, and it will support advanced new ZEV 
technologies to the extent practicable for vehicle adoption. Our hope would be that at the end of the 
ten year period, not only has the $800 million investment in California been successfully deployed, but 
Electrify America is also acknowledged to be a change agent for infrastructure development in general – 
from its scientific and collaborative approach to its highly utilized and impactful investments. We would 
also like to be known as a unique company that has not only quickened the pace of securing California’s 
goal toward emission free driving, but has encouraged and guided others to invest appropriately as well. 
 
$200-299k
67%$300k+
$150-199k
$50-74k
$100-149k
$25-49k 11%
33%
32%
$75-99k
17%
59%
41%
Likelihood to purchase BEV by 
household income, %
ZEV use as primary or secondary 
vehicle by ZEV owners1, % 
68%
Primary 
vehicle
32%
Secondary 
vehicle
Percent of vehicle buyers who are 
college graduates1, % 
86%
59%ICE 
BEV 
Percent of vehicle buyers who are 
male1, % 
ICE 
77%
60%
BEV 
1 US consumers only 
SOURCE: National Academy of Sciences, UCLA Luskin Center, RECS 2015, Experian, HIS, McKinsey Sustainable Mobility 
Initiative: 2016 Electrified Vehicle Consumer Surveys

8 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
3.1 Differences between the Cycle 1 National and California ZEV Investment Plans 
 
Electrify America has one vision, presented in both the EPA-approved Cycle 1 National ZEV Investment 
Plan and the pending Cycle 1 California ZEV Investment Plan. The plans were developed using similar 
methodologies and analysis. But to implement that vision, the two plans differ in a few notable ways. 
First, the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan proposes a substantial investment in providing ZEV access for 
those who do not own ZEVs, or cannot afford to own ZEVs, and therefore represent a key underserved 
population. The $44 million Green City Initiative is California-specific, while the brand-neutral Education 
and Awareness programs in California will include access programs, such as ride and drives. These 
access efforts are not currently a focus of Electrify America investment outside California. 
Second, consistent with California stakeholder comments and feedback emphasizing the importance of 
community charging, the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan proposes to build nearly 90 percent of its 
charging stations at the community-level, including at multi-unit dwellings, workplaces, retail 
establishments and public parking lots in California. This represents a larger proportional investment at 
the community level than Electrify America plans to make in metro areas outside of California. Electrify 
America’s community charging proposal for California has a larger budget ($45 million) than community 
charging at the national level ($40 million), and it is to be spent in approximately half as many metro 
areas. When combined with Green City Initiative investments, $89 million will be spent at the 
community level in California during Cycle 1. 
 

9 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
4 Additional Information on the Cycle 1 California ZEV Investment Plan 
In its February 17th guidance letter to Electrify America, CARB “urged” Electrify America to prioritize 
investment in “disadvantaged, low-income, underserved, and disproportionately impacted 
communities.” Appendix C did not include a goal of benefiting any specific community or type of 
community. However, at the March 24th hearing, Electrify America agreed to study how the investments 
proposed in the Cycle 1 ZEV Investment Plan impacted the communities prioritized by CARB in its 
February letter. 
Electrify America notes that CARB prioritized “underserved” communities in its guidance, and that 
Appendix C requires the ZEV Investment Plan to describe how some, but not all, of the investments will 
“increase access in underserved areas” (3.3.2.1).3 Throughout this document, Electrify America has used 
the definitions of disadvantaged and low-income communities, and census tract designations, published 
by CARB this year [CARB 2017]. 
After considerable study and review, Electrify America concludes that the analysis-driven and 
economically-justified business investments laid out in its Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan represent a 
potentially substantial benefit to underserved, disadvantaged, and low-income communities urged by 
CARB for prioritization. We appreciate the opportunity to explain how. 
 
4.1 A High-speed Highway Network 
 
A statewide, $75 million network of fast charging stations will serve all of California’s ZEV drivers, but it 
is especially important to those who want or need their ZEV to serve as a primary vehicle that meets all 
transportation needs. 
The California highway network was designed to place high-speed charging stations along the long-
distance routes which are anticipated to be most underserved and which link prioritized metro areas, in 
order to form a cohesive statewide network. At a high level, ZEV traffic was estimated along every major 
route in California, and, after taking into account existing charging infrastructure supply along those 
routes, the estimated ‘supply-demand gap’ for charging stations along each route was calculated. This 
allowed Electrify America to identify which routes were most underserved and in greatest need for new 
infrastructure investment. 
In addition to serving the most underserved routes, a network of super-fast charging ZEV stations will 
increase the utility of ZEVs, allowing low and moderate income Californians to choose a ZEV as their one 
and only vehicle. Extensive research by UCLA shows that “highly-educated, high-income households 
working in management have a higher propensity to purchase BEVs” today, and that 68 percent of 
consumers purchase a ZEV as a secondary vehicle. These trends are seen even with regard to lower cost 
ZEVs, in part because lower and moderate income Californians require that their one vehicle meet all of 
their needs [NAS, Sheldon-UCLA]. As a result of the Electrify America network of fast charging stations, 
low and moderate income Californians will be able to drive ZEVs to all areas of the state with fewer 
 
3 “Underserved” is not defined in Appendix C. Electrify America has used the Oxford English Dictionary definition: 
“inadequately provided with a service or facility.” 

10 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
range restrictions from a lack of infrastructure, stopping at stations that can potentially add up to 20 
miles of driving range per minute of charging. They will be able to reach Mono Lake or Joshua Tree for 
the weekend, or visit family across the whole state, from Imperial Valley to Eureka, or from San Diego to 
Lake Tahoe. 
Thus, the full highway network will be to the benefit of ZEV drivers who live in disadvantaged or low-
income communities. In addition, our initial analysis shows that more than 50 percent of these stations 
will be in a census tract that CARB designated in 2017 as disadvantaged or low-income [CARB]. Many of 
these highway station sites may move slightly within the same geographic area during the site validation 
and acquisition phase as a result of cost, convenience, utility service, or other considerations, but the 
initial target sites indicate that the highway network will likely represent a very substantial investment in 
communities prioritized by CARB. 
 
4.2 Building a Green City for ZEV Access 
 
The $44 million Green City Initiative will be 
launched in Sacramento, pending approval of 
the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan. It will 
provide access to ZEVs to those who do not 
own ZEVs, or cannot afford to own ZEVs, and 
therefore represent a key underserved 
population. Sacramento has already initiated a 
car sharing service that serves low-income 
communities as a result of a CARB grant, and 
Electrify America intends to build on that work. 
University of California research shows that 
“carsharing programs that feature PHVs and 
EVs are providing access to those who would 
otherwise not have access to such vehicles,” 
and “in light of current model availability and 
EV costs, these programs provide exposure to a 
demographic that otherwise has a lower 
propensity to own such vehicles. The result of this access is an improved impression of ZEVs and a 
stronger affinity toward ZEV technology” [Shaheen]. All of this investment will be available to and 
increase ZEV access for residents of disadvantaged, underserved, and low-income communities 
prioritized in the CARB guidance. 
A Green City Initiative in the City of Sacramento will result in considerable investment in CARB priority 
communities. Sacramento Mayor Darrell Steinberg noted in a letter to CARB that Sacramento is “one of 
the most racially, ethnically, and culturally diverse cities in the nation” and that “a disproportionate 
share of Sacramento’s residents live in disadvantaged communities” [Steinberg]. The specific locations 
of Green City investments will be spread across Sacramento and will likely move on a daily basis. But 
Electrify America’s geospatial analysis, presented in the map above, shows that approximately 59 
Disadvantaged and Low-income Census Tracts in 
the City of Sacramento
59% of 
Sacramento area 
is disadvantaged 
or low-income

11 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
percent of the Sacramento census tracts in the target geography for Green City Initiative investments 
are designated as disadvantaged or low-income by California. 
 
4.3 Community Charging 
 
The National Academy of Sciences’ 2015 comprehensive report on overcoming barriers to ZEV 
deployment endorsed a strategy focused on specific geographies or “beachheads,” stating that a strong 
strategy to increase ZEV adoption “logically would focus on key geographic regions or regional corridors 
where momentum has already been established; infrastructure is more readily available; [and] word-of-
mouth between neighbors, friends, and co-workers can occur more readily” [NAS, 2015]. Through the 
National Outreach Plan process, Electrify America received approximately 50 proposals from cities for 
concentrated ZEV infrastructure investments in specific metropolitan areas, and many additional 
recommendations from states (e.g. Virginia), local governments and other stakeholders expressing 
support for concentrating investment in metropolitan areas. 
Under the consent decree, Electrify America is required in the ZEV Investment Plan to describe how 
some of its investments will “increase access in underserved areas.” The Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment 
Plan originally proposed to concentrate a $45 million Metro Area Investment in five “beachhead” 
metros. We are proposing to expand this to a sixth metro area in this Supplement. 
To select these metro areas, Electrify America conducted an analysis to determine which communities 
would likely be most underserved through 2020. Specifically, Electrify America analyzed ZEV sales 
projections from Navigant Research and infrastructure data from the National Renewable Energy 
Laboratory (NREL) to project the amount of infrastructure investment needed in each major 
metropolitan area. By establishing the anticipated gap between demand for charging infrastructure and 
the current supply of charging capacity, Electrify America was able to identify the communities 
projected to be in most need of additional charging services. Electrify America’s Cycle 1 CA ZEV 
Investment Plan directs investment at the most underserved metro areas as determined by this analysis, 
and therefore we believe that all of the metro investments will be consistent with Appendix C and the 
prioritization guidance provided by CARB. 

12 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
Using this methodology, five underserved California metros were identified: (1) Los Angeles-Long Beach-
Anaheim, (2) Sacramento-Roseville-Arden Arcade, (3) San Diego-Carlsbad-San Marcos, (4) San Francisco-
Oakland-Hayward, and (5) San Jose-Sunnyvale-
Santa Clara. 
Based on new information provided through the 
public comment process and ongoing 
refinement of the gap analysis, Electrify America 
intends to add the Fresno metro area as a new 
target for community charging in Cycle 1. 
Analysis of Fresno’s inclusion is ongoing, so this 
section presents the beachhead communities as 
originally proposed in the Cycle 1 CA ZEV 
Investment Plan. Electrify America notes that 
other metro areas will be considered for 
investment in future cycles, and Electrify 
America will continue to refine its methodology 
as the industry develops. 
Within each metro area, the Cycle 1 CA ZEV 
Investment Plan proposes to focus investment 
across five use cases: workplaces, multi-unit 
dwellings, retail, charging depots, and municipal 
lots and garages. These were selected in part 
based on the degree to which they meet an underserved need. 
For example, Electrify America has identified residents of multi-unit dwellings (MUD) as a seriously 
underserved population. About 25 percent of U.S. households live in multifamily residential complexes. 
But according to the National Academy of Sciences, “Although 61 percent of single-family houses had 
access to charging, only 27 percent of multifamily dwellings had parking spaces with access to 
charging…. Multifamily residential complexes can face many challenges in installing PEV charging 
equipment; some are similar to a typical commercial building, and others are unique to multifamily 
dwellings” [NAS, 2015]. Similarly, a report by the UCLA Luskin Center for the California Energy 
Commission on the barriers to plug-in vehicle adoption in the South Bay area of Los Angeles concluded 
that “the MUD barrier is likely serving as a significant constraint to PEV adoption” due to high 
installation costs. The report recommends substantially greater investment in MUD charging 
equipment, especially grouped to increase cost effectiveness, which is Electrify America’s intention 
[Turek]. 
In addition, UCLA researchers found that the creation of charging depots (a second metro use case 
proposed in the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan) in neighborhoods where the MUD inventory is too old, 
upgrades are too costly, or where building owners are unwilling to invest, is another important strategy 
to meet the underserved residents of MUDs. The researchers write that a “strategy of building or 
encouraging EVSE development in proximity to clusters of MUD properties may prove successful to the 
continued development of the EV market” [Turek]. 
Metropolitan Areas Prioritized for Community 
Charging Investment
1
Sacramento-Roseville-Arden Arcade
San Francisco-Oakland-Hayward
San Jose-Sunnyvale-Santa Clara
Fresno
Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim
San Diego-Carlsbad-San Marcos

13 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
Within each selected metro area, Electrify America is engaging in a rigorous, analytical process 
consistent with the Department of Energy’s guiding principle that infrastructure investments should be 
analysis-driven and focused on investment that will most substantially increase ZEV deployment 
[Friedman]. Electrify America is using analytics to identify census tracts for each use case where new 
charging stations are most likely to support ZEV deployment, using the indicators identified by the 
California Center for Sustainable Energy as correlated with areas of high ZEV sales, combined with the 
density of those use cases or the incidence of likely usage of that charging destination from nearby ZEV 
sales areas. For example, areas with a high density of workplaces and a high daytime population will be 
prioritized for the workplace charging investment. 
Through this process, Electrify America has prioritized 1,500+ census tracts for community charging 
investments, and more than 35 percent of these census tracts are identified by CARB as 
disadvantaged or low-income communities. Electrify America has budgeted to construct community 
level charging stations at approximately 350 sites in the Cycle 1 California ZEV Investment Plan, so 
Electrify America does not have the budget to invest in all 1,500+ census tracts prioritized for stations in 
Cycle 1. Electrify America notes that it will likely endeavor to continue investment in prioritized census 
tracts during future investment cycles, if the analysis continues to support investment in such areas. 
Furthermore, Electrify America continues to refine and add new data to its model based on internal and 
external feedback, as well as updated forecasts. 
To identify the 350 sites, prioritized census tracts will serve as guidance to suppliers and in-house site 
acquisition teams for “boots-on-the-ground” and more qualitative follow-up due diligence. This process 
is on hold pending approval of the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan, so Electrify America does not know 
which prioritized census tracts will host stations at this time. Wherever possible, Electrify America will 
also work with local stakeholders and utilities to further identify site opportunities and accelerate 
installation in favorable areas. 
The bottom line is that Electrify America’s metro investment will be made in what objective analysis 
found to be the most underserved metro areas of California, and the use case investments will serve 
underserved populations within those communities. Furthermore, while no station sites have been 
selected to date, Electrify America’s analysis-driven process to identify census tracts for targeted 
investment include a significant percentage of census tracts identified by CARB as disadvantaged or low-
income communities. 
 
4.4 Brand-Neutral Public Education and Outreach Activities 
 
Electrify America plans to invest approximately $20 million in the first cycle in education and outreach 
programs in California. As shown in Figure 2, recent survey data showed that only 48 percent of vehicle 
buyers in California have heard of ZEVs, which is only slightly higher than the 41 percent of comparable 
consumers nationwide, despite the vast number of initiatives in California to promote ZEV technology. 
The investment during the first 12 months, as we note in the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan, will focus 
on broadly educating the public on the fun to drive, utility and other benefits of driving ZEVs through 
mass, digital, and experiential marketing. This is intended to be a broad awareness and education effort 
targeted at all consumers, including those who live in disadvantaged, low-income or underserved areas. 

14 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
 Figure 2: The ZEV Consumer Journey in California 
 
In months 13-22, we will explore more targeted awareness initiatives, as well as potential education 
partnerships. We received nearly 150 comments and proposals through the National Outreach Plan 
process on education and outreach, which made clear the extensive need for ongoing ZEV Education 
and Outreach efforts. Electrify America intends its investment to leverage and reinforce these ongoing 
efforts. We have already begun conversations with a number of potential partners on educational 
initiatives, including Plug-in America, the Electrification Coalition, MDR (a Dunn and Bradstreet Company 
focusing on school education curriculum), and a coalition of automotive companies and states. In 
partnership with other groups, Electrify America will also develop materials on the benefits of ZEVs, 
conduct ride-and-drive events, and further build public awareness of ZEVs through proven awareness 
strategies. 
These efforts will be deployed across the state – not just in metro areas targeted for infrastructure 
investment – and they will include activities in areas that the state classifies as disadvantaged or low-
income. They will also be in a language other than English where appropriate. 
 
4.5 ZEV Access Initiatives 
 
Numerous governments and other stakeholders proposed ZEV access programs in their comments to 
Electrify America, which are currently under review. Experiential initiatives like ride-and-drive events are 
being considered to help increase ZEV access and exposure for as many Californians as possible, 
SOURCE: Strategic Vision NVES 2016
Penetration across the ZEV consumer journey, % of consumers
Focus of EA
awareness 
program
Funnel step
“I have heard 
of [a ZEV]”
Consider PurchaseTest-
drive
“I have 
researched the 
technology”
“I have driven 
one”
% through-put
48%
34%
16%
3.9%
New car-
buyers
Aware-
ness
“I am purchasing 
a new car”
71%
47%
24%
Throughput 
from 
previous 
stage
“I currently own 
one”
100%

15 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
including in underserved, disadvantaged, and low-income areas. Electrify America plans to fund these 
investments from budgets currently allocated to education and outreach activities. According to the U.S. 
Department of Energy, experiential learning activities are one of the most effective ways to drive ZEV 
adoption because they allow consumers to discover that ZEVs are fun to drive and have other benefits 
relative to cars with internal combustion engines [DOE Workplace Charging Challenge]. The purpose of 
these activities is to increase the public’s awareness of and access to ZEVs and allow them to experience 
ZEVs without having to purchase a vehicle. 
 
4.6 Commitment to Workforce Development and Supplier Diversity 
 
Electrify America plans to hire an initial workforce of just over 70 employees, with most personnel 
focused on real estate procurement, operations, and hardware/network, which are the critical functions 
for charging infrastructure deployment. This team intends to leverage outside vendors, including real 
estate firms, EVSE installers, equipment and construction suppliers, site host partners, advertising 
agencies, and car sharing service providers in order to cost-efficiently complete Electrify America’s 
investments at an unprecedented scale and speed. Most of these suppliers will be U.S.-based firms. As 
such, Electrify America’s $250M investment in infrastructure implementation and maintenance across 
the nation, and the additional $120M investment in California, is expected to create significant 
opportunity for the existing American charging industry and employment in many American 
communities. 
Electrify America is committed to ensuring that investment under its ZEV Investment Commitment 
reflects the rich and diverse characteristics of California and its people. To meet this commitment, 
Electrify America staff plans to conduct outreach efforts and activities to: ensure potential new 
suppliers and contractors are aware of RFP opportunities resulting from the ZEV Investment 
Commitment; to encourage greater participation by underrepresented groups including certified 
veteran-, women-, and minority-owned businesses; and to assist applicants in understanding how to 
participate in the RPF process. 
As an initial step, bidders to Electrify America’s construction RFP are being asked to include information 
regarding certified minority-, women-, and veteran-owned business enterprise participation in base bids 
and options. Electrify America plans to request that contractors report on participation while under 
contract, and Electrify America will share this information with CARB as appropriate. 
 
4.7 Summary of Investments Consistent with CARB Priorities 
 
Electrify America has looked carefully at how the investments proposed in the Cycle 1 CA ZEV 
Investment Plan will impact the disadvantaged, low-income, and underserved communities identified as 
priorities in CARB’s February 17 guidance. 
As explained in this section, Electrify America anticipates (but does not guarantee) that more than 35 
percent of the ZEV Investments proposed in the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan will be in census tracts 

16 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
that CARB specified as low-income or disadvantaged in April 2017. Electrify America anticipates that 
significant investment in these low-income and disadvantaged communities will occur across all four 
major investment categories, which include the High-speed Highway Charging Network, Community 
Charging, the Green City Initiative, and Education and Awareness programs. 
Electrify America also anticipates that substantial Cycle 1 investment will be in or will serve 
“underserved areas” explicitly referenced in Appendix C and CARB’s guidance. 
Electrify America must highlight that each potential secured station site requires consideration of at 
least five other locations in the same vicinity based on real estate validation and contract realities typical 
of charging infrastructure deployment. Therefore, we will need to evaluate multiple sites concurrently, 
often across multiple census tracts, which helps explain why Electrify America has only identified priority 
census tracts for metro station investments at this time. Site selection is paused until such time that an 
approved plan by CARB will enable specific site host discussions and contracts. It should be noted that 
the site validation and acquisition phase may dictate that sites move as a result of cost, permitting, 
utility service, or other considerations. 
 

17 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
5 Additional Steps to Support Disadvantaged, Low-income, and 
Underserved Communities 
Electrify America has listened closely to the requests and suggestions of California stakeholders 
throughout multiple comment periods, and we believe that the explanation in Section 4 will address 
most of their concerns with regard to underserved, disadvantaged, and low-income communities. 
Electrify America believes that investments proposed in the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan would be 
consistent with the requirements of Appendix C, and would be of substantial benefit to the communities 
prioritized by CARB for investment in its February guidance letter. 
To further accommodate the suggestions and requests and further demonstrate its common 
commitment to California’s priorities and values, Electrify America supplements its Cycle 1 CA ZEV 
Investment Plan in the following ways. 
 
5.1 Expanding Community Charging to Include the Fresno Metro Area 
 
Electrify America intends to add the Fresno metro 
area as a sixth beachhead for community 
charging investment. Electrify America’s analysis, 
described in Section 4, did not project that Fresno 
would be one of the five most underserved metro 
areas of California in 2020 in terms of ZEV 
infrastructure. However, new data included in 
the San Joaquin Valley Electric Vehicle 
Partnership’s letter to CARB shows growth in ZEV 
deployment within the Central Valley, suggesting 
that the Fresno area may be a more rapidly 
emerging ZEV market than previous analysis has 
shown [Williams]. Electrify America plans to 
reallocate resources from within the existing 
Cycle 1 Community Charging budget to accommodate the addition of the Fresno metro area. 
 
5.2 Focus Education in CARB-prioritized Communities 
 
CARB’s recent report, Overcoming Barriers to Clean Transportation Access for Low-Income Residents, 
recommends “funding to expand clean transportation and mobility option education and outreach 
efforts and opportunities in low-income and disadvantaged communities to increase awareness.” In 
response to this recommendation, Electrify America intends to modify its Cycle 1 Brand-neutral 
Education and Awareness spending plan to commit $2-3 million – a very substantial portion of its 
education partnerships budget -- to seek partnerships with entities with particular access and credibility 
within California’s disadvantaged and low-income communities. Electrify America will explore through 
60 182
513
1140
1318
1741
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
San Joaquin Valley EV Market
Number of CVRP Rebates
SOURCE: San Joaquin Valley EV Partnership CARB Comment

18 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
these partnerships a culturally appropriate awareness campaign (in a language other than English where 
appropriate) which could incorporate the activities recommended by CARB’s report, including providing 
educational curricula for kindergarten through 12th grade students, increasing knowledge of ridesharing 
(including carpooling) and car sharing options that utilize zero-emission vehicles, and conducting ride 
and drive and other access activities. 
Electrify America will also explore, through these partnerships, communicating the economic appeal of 
adopting ZEV technology in low-income California communities as a result of current ZEV incentives. As 
a result of new incentives, the ZEV mandate, and Federal tax incentives, a ZEV is in some cases the most 
affordable new car available for low and moderate income consumers in California [Auto Alliance].4 
However, CARB data shows that more than a fifth of ZEV buyers in California fail to claim the state 
rebates to which they are entitled due to lack of awareness and auto dealer assistance, and interest in 
owning a ZEV is concentrated in upper income brackets as shown in Figure 1 [Williams 2015]. The gap 
between the perceived and actual affordability of ZEVs appears to be considerable, and it presents a 
very meaningful opportunity for an effective, targeted education effort. 
 
5.3 Increasing Access to a High Speed Highway Charging Network 
 
Electrify America’s high speed charging network is designed to provide statewide fast refueling for ZEVs, 
substantially increasing the utility of ZEVs used as primary vehicles. All Californians who drive a ZEV will 
be able to benefit from this network, refueling their vehicles whenever necessary using any one of 
numerous easy payment options, including credit cards. However, Electrify America plans to take the 
following additional steps to increase access to the highway network for those from low-income and 
disadvantaged communities. 
Improve Access for Used Cars: Electrify America has approached several vehicle manufacturers to 
explore partnerships through which the vehicle manufactures would provide access to Electrify 
America’s charging network as part of the cost of purchasing or leasing a new ZEV. But Electrify America 
plans to study whether such a partnership could extend to the purchase or lease of pre-owned ZEVs, as 
we are aware that moderate and low-income Californians are more likely to purchase or lease pre-
owned vehicles. Such a partnership could be established with either vehicle manufactures, who 
frequently sell ZEVs after they come off leases, or with large independent retailers of pre-owned 
vehicles. Electrify America is committed to exploring this as a means to increase ZEV infrastructure 
access for moderate and low-income Californians. 
Complement California Programs: To complement California ZEV programs, such as CARB’s programs 
under the Charge Ahead California Initiative authorized in SB 1275 (de León) and the Initiative’s program 
to help moderate and low-income Californians to scrap their old vehicle and replace it with a ZEV, 
 
4 According to Auto Alliance analysis, in February 2017, low-income Californians could lease multiple models of 
BEV at no or even negative net cost. Specifically, the Alliance found that the total cos t of three year leases 
advertised in California for five models of BEV, including monthly and down payments, was nearly the same as 
California’s incentive for low-income residents to lease a ZEV. For low-income residents of the San Joaquin Valley, 
where an additional incentive is available, the Alliance concluded that low -income residents would actually make 
more than $1,000 by signing an advertised three year lease of any of five BEV models [ Auto Alliance]. 

19 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
Electrify America will work with CARB and other stakeholders to study ways to facilitate easy access to 
its ZEV Investments among program participants. 
 
5.4 Participating in Efforts to Identify Market Barriers 
 
Barriers to entry for low and moderate income Californians are not well understood. Investor-owned 
utilities have begun a process to study these barriers and offer solutions, while CARB has separately 
published a draft report, titled Overcoming Barriers to Clean Transportation Access for Low-Income 
Residents, on this topic on which it is soliciting feedback. Additional ideas, insight, and research are still 
required. Electrify America is committed to being an active participant in the ongoing efforts within 
California to identify market barriers and advise California on public policy solutions. 
 

20 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
6 Planning, Transparency, and Coordination 
6.1 Partnerships 
 
Throughout its development of the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan, Electrify America consulted 
knowledgeable experts in the ZEV field with extensive automobile manufacturing, utility, infrastructure, 
policy, communications, technology, and consumer advocacy backgrounds. 
Electrify America met with both the U.S. Department of Transportation and the U.S. Department of 
Energy, who provided detailed information on the Federal government’s Smart City effort, their process 
for designating EV charging corridors along highways under the FAST Act, lessons learned from the EV 
Project and the Workplace Charging Challenge, and ongoing work to support deployment of non-
proprietary DC fast charging at power levels up to 350 kW. Additionally, most vehicle manufacturers 
were consulted, and we collected their feedback about a new, comprehensive charging network that 
would best suit their future ZEV customers. 
Electrify America has conducted robust and frequent discussions with California organizations and 
stakeholders in the charging infrastructure ecosystem including government, utility and other 
organizations. These discussions were set up to not only to explain Electrify America’s objectives and 
approach, but also to establish relationships for future dialogue aimed at helping Electrify America 
improve its charging infrastructure planning and deployment (with an emphasis on speeding processes 
such as permitting, easements, and other typical factors that slow down charging infrastructure 
installations). These conversations also helped identify other charging infrastructure programs or 
private/public funding opportunities that could be leveraged with Electrify America’s investments to 
further increase the net funding in infrastructure. Example organizations we have had discussions with 
(beginning in 2016) include: The California Energy Commission, California Public Utilities Commission, 
California Go Biz, CalTrans, CalETC, NRDC, and the Greenlining Institute. Electrify America plans to 
continue these discussions during the first and subsequent cycles to better ensure continuity and value 
for our deployments in California. At the same time, Electrify America hopes to work with the California 
entity responsible for managing the $423 million that the state may spend from the NOx Mitigation 
Trust, once California designates the state agency that will serve as its beneficiary under Appendix D, to 
avoid potential duplication or non-complementary infrastructure investments. 

21 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
Figure 3: Electrify America Stakeholder Engagement 
 
In the summer of 2016, Electrify America began engaging in conversations with California’s major 
utilities, including Southern California Edison, Pacific Gas and Electric, San Diego Gas and Electric, L.A. 
Department of Water and Power, and Sacramento Municipal Utility District. A key early goal of the 
utility discussions was to better understand potential approaches for collaboration, co-investment, site 
planning, speedier utility service and complementing existing utility-led workplace charging programs. 
Electrify America discussed with investor-owned utilities their investments in Level 2 charging, which 
were recently approved by the CPUC. The investor-owned utilities will invest primarily in the workplace 
and multi-unit dwelling use cases, and they will not build DC fast charging stations. The dialogue 
confirmed that Electrify America and investor-owned utilities plan to invest in different but 
complementary workplace and MUD projects during Cycle 1, using a different selection methodology. 
Going forward, we plan to continue these discussions and seek opportunities for cooperation, especially 
as utilities explore investment in DC fast charging. As CARB staff noted at the March 24th hearing, 
Electrify America’s charging infrastructure investment “is expected to satisfy less than 10 percent of 
California's estimated demand based on the State's goal to have enough infrastructure in the state to 
Organization 
type No. of stakeholders and examples Nature of collaboration
California-based
Government 
agencies
Received submissions from 
ports, metros, and states, and 
are responding to each entity
170+
Utilities
Discussed site proposals, 
demand charges, and 
operational integration 
20+
Academia
Leveraged insights and 
research findings on charging 
use cases
12+
Associations 3+
Discussed partnership 
models, site opportunities, 
and best practices
Primary 
regulatory 
bodies
Discussed full investment 
plan with iterative reviews and 
feedback
2
16+OEMs
Discussed potential 
cooperation, future of ZEV 
technology.
Charging 
companies
Discussed partnerships and 
interoperability5+
Interest 
groups 10+ Discussed best practices and 
partnership models
Various OEMs

22 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
support 1 million ZEVs by 2020” [CARB Hearing]. Electrify America believes this demonstrates that 
strong investments from other entities like utilities will be needed for the foreseeable future. Electrify 
America hopes to help inspire, galvanize and guide these incremental investments on top of our own. 
Electrify America has also had numerous conversations with Adopt-A-Charger, led by Kitty Adams, to 
understand and potentially deploy Level 2 charging infrastructure in California state parks, which would 
be consistent with goals set forth by the Governor’s office. 
Finally, in terms of understanding existing charging infrastructure, Electrify America intends for its 
investments to supplement other investments. Electrify America has been using data on existing 
infrastructure from NREL, and we have now secured a license to use Recargo’s Plugshare “Data on 
Demand” service to ensure we have nearly real time access to infrastructure as it is deployed. For near 
future planned investments, Electrify America plans to secure this information from regular information 
exchanges with the CEC and other government agencies to segregate charging infrastructure 
investments for more complementary results. 
 
6.2 Additional Information on Infrastructure Planning Processes 
 
Electrify America developed a new 
proprietary methodology to identify the 
California metro areas expected to be most 
underserved and in need of charging 
infrastructure associated with forecasted EV 
sales growth and fleet size by 2020 (see 
Figure 4). This new approach, in simple 
terms, derives the daily charging power 
needs (expressed in megawatt hours/day) 
for ZEV drivers outside their residence, 
assuming that 78 percent of ZEV charging 
needs will be met at home, as NREL research 
shows. Outside the home could include 
workplace, community charging in a variety 
of shopping, restaurant and other parking 
venues, as well as on highways. The 
charging power gap used assumptions 
including the battery size, charging power 
and range efficiency (assumed 3.5 miles per 
kWh) for the expected future fleet of new 
EVs, including current EV units in operation. 
We then consulted the DOE’s alternative 
fuel database and Plugshare data to 
understand current Level 1, Level 2 and 
SOURCE: Navigant, 2016
<10,000 vehicles
10,000 – 40,000 vehicles
40,000 – 150,000 vehicles
>150,000 vehicles
Los 
Angeles
Riverside
San Diego
Bakersfield
Visalia
Fresno
Santa 
Maria
Oxnard
San Luis 
Obispo
Salinas
Merced
Modesto
Sacramento
Chico
Truckee
Eureka
Ukiah
Santa 
Rosa
San 
Jose
San 
Francisco
Stockton
Vallejo
Napa
Santa Cruz
Figure 4: Projected Deployment of Electric Vehicles 
in 2020 

23 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
DCFC infrastructure available today to calculate the 
power gap needed to solve the 22 percent of EV 
driver charging needs that are expected to be met 
outside the home. 
Our methodology found -- in the six California 
metros selected for Cycle 1 investment -- that 
nearly 1,700 megawatt hours per day would be 
needed to bridge the gap between charging 
infrastructure in the ground today and what would 
be needed by 2020 (see Figure 5). For reference, 
one megawatt powers about 650 homes, so this 
power gap is substantial to say the least. This 
implies that considerable other private and public 
investment in charging infrastructure will be 
needed to reduce this charging power gap because 
Electrify America is targeting to reduce the gap by 
only four to eight percent by 2020 with its own 
investments. 
The gap analysis results will be a key factor in 
determining the investment budget range per 
metro area. In the case of California, Electrify 
America intends to allocate its community charging 
budget across metro areas in an attempt to reduce 
four to eight percent of the gap in each metro 
area. Electrify America has set a minimum budget for any metro area selected for community charging 
investment in Cycle 1 nationally at $1 million -- an amount informed by infrastructure expert interviews 
in the Fall of 2016 on the investment level necessary to create the “beachhead” effect. Electrify 
America anticipates that all six of California’s community charging metro areas will receive investment 
substantially above the minimum investment level in Cycle 1. 
 
6.3 Additional Information on the Green Cities Selection Process 
 
In order to determine the location of the initial Green City investments, Electrify America developed a 
detailed and comprehensive evaluation methodology. A full description of this methodology has been 
shared with CARB as confidential business information, but at a high level, Electrify America evaluated 
California cities across three primary dimensions: city size, mobility fit, and potential for impact. 
Electrify America selected city size, mobility fit, and potential for impact as the criteria with the 
assumption that ZEV car sharing would be one of the primary initiatives developed over the first and 
second 30-month investment cycles. They were intended to ensure that the Green City initiatives were 
being developed 1) in a sizeable market where the initiatives could be scaled up over time, 2) in a 
market where there was demand for car sharing initiatives, suitable commute patterns, and a gap 
Figure 5: Supply-Demand Gap Analysis Results 
281 103
36
807 231
186
364 150
Single-family home demand1
Projected 2020 supply-
demand gap, MWh/day
Metropolitan
area
San Francisco-
Oakland-
Hayward
San Jose-
Sunnyvale-
Santa Clara
San Diego-
Carlsbad-San 
Marcos
Los Angeles-
Long Beach-
Anaheim
Sacramento-
Roseville-
Arden Arcade
71
Fresno
1694 668
70
Total
43
20
Public

24 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
between supply of existing car sharing fleets and potential demand, and 3) in a market which had a high 
potential for impact, based on the potential of increasing ZEV access to disadvantaged and low-income 
communities, the likelihood that the initiatives would be developed in an ecosystem supportive of ZEV 
mobility, and the ability of the investments in that city to influence broader awareness in California, 
nationally, and more broadly. 
In analyzing California metro areas, city size selection criteria was first applied in order to develop a 
shortlist of California cities. The shortlist was then scored across various sub-criteria (detailed below) 
within the categories of mobility fit and potential impact and weighted based on relative impact of 
each sub-criteria (see Figure 6). A brief description of these sub-criteria is provided as follows: 
Mobility fit 
 Mobility demand: success factors for car sharing at a zip-code level based on commute lengths 
and demographics, among other factors 
 Commute flow patterns: identification of connected centers of high transportation flows 
within a metro area to allow for targeting of spend in areas where Green City services are most 
likely to be utilized 
 Competitive situation: existing car sharing companies to determine extent of existing 
competition 
Potential for impact 
 Societal impact: presence of disadvantaged and low-income communities in each potential 
metro area, as ZEV car sharing and other Green City initiatives could positively impact these 
communities, particularly from an air quality perspective 
 Implementation feasibility: existing infrastructure and ZEV incentives supporting the 
implementation and acceptance of ZEV mobility offerings 
 Awareness impact: relevance in influencing decision-making on mobility concepts and public 
perception of ZEVs 

25 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
Figure 6: Overview of Green City Selection Methodology 
 
6.4 Response to Comments 
 
As part of the National Outreach Plan required in Appendix C, Electrify America solicited proposals and 
recommendations from outside parties to help substantiate and improve its Cycle 1 ZEV Investment 
Plans. Electrify America notified stakeholders identified in Appendix C (i.e., states, municipal 
governments, federally-recognized Tribes, and federal agencies) of the proposal submission and 
comment period, which was initially opened from December 9, 2016 to January 14, 2017. Electrify 
America allowed a 3-week grace period and considered submissions received through February 6, 2017, 
when developing its Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan. A total of 484 submissions were received as of 
February 6, 2017. Electrify America has also kept the comment page active, and it continues to receive 
and review submissions relevant to plan implementation. In addition, CARB chose to hold two comment 
periods on its own, and also collected comments on the Cycle 1 ZEV Investment Plan at a public hearing. 
Electrify America has extensively considered the feedback from these processes when developing both 
the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan and this Supplement. 
The submissions and comments provided Electrify America with information on the level of public 
support for this plan’s investment strategies, and it also provided specific project ideas. A selection of 
submissions includes the following: 
 Broad ZEV Industry Support: During comments in California, the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment plan 
was strongly endorsed by almost every charging industry company, by the state’s largest utility 
companies, and by the state’s largest automaker. Many of these commenters also emphasized 
the enormous opportunity that this investment would create, and the urgency of rapid 
approval. 
1 Direct border with Los Angeles, thus counted as greater Los Angeles
City size filter
177 cities in scope >400k inhabitants
Cities in 
California
Cities of medium 
to large size 
1
… Factor weight
33%Commute flow 
patterns
2B
100%Implementation 
feasibility
3B
100%Competitive 
situation
2C
66%2A Mobility 
demand
100%Societal impact3A
100%3C Awareness 
impact
Overall
assessment
Weigh and combine score
Mobility fit
Potential for 
impact
2
3
 Los Angeles 
(4,000k)
 San Diego (1,300k)
 San Jose (1,000k)
 San Francisco 
(900k)
 Fresno (500k)
 Sacramento (500k)
 Long Beach 
(500k)1
 Oakland (400k)
 Bakersfield (<400k)
 ….
 Los Angeles
 San Diego
 San Jose
 San Francisco
 Fresno
 Sacramento
 Oakland
Each shortlisted city is scored via a defined logic
Assign score between 1 and 3

26 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
 Charging Infrastructure Needs: The overwhelming majority of comments supported and, in 
many cases prioritized, ZEV charging infrastructure deployment investments. This was true 
across the full spectrum of commenters, from comprehensive proposals from state 
governments to requests from small towns and ‘mom-and-pop’ stores for a single charger. 
Commenters highlighted that charging infrastructure investments meet an identified need and a 
recognized ZEV deployment barrier. Consistent with this feedback, Electrify America is 
maximizing infrastructure investment in this plan in ways consistent with the requirements of 
Appendix C. 
 DC Fast Charging along Highway Corridors: More than 100 comments and proposals focused 
on the importance of and execution of a highway network, and nine states and numerous other 
submissions explicitly urged Electrify America to prioritize investment in highway charging as its 
highest investment priority. For example, the Sierra Club prioritized DC fast charging corridors, 
explaining that they would have the effect of “reducing range anxiety, raising public awareness 
of EVs, and spurring electric vehicle adoption outside of densely populated urban areas.” 
Electrify America proposes to make its largest investment in this area, consistent with this 
recommendation. 
 Community Charging: Comments from California-based entities expressed greater support for 
community-level charging than we heard from national stakeholders. As noted in section 3.1, 
this feedback validated the merit of greater community-level investment in California than 
elsewhere in the nation. 
 Local Support for the Green City Initiative: Comments submitted to CARB demonstrated great 
local interest in the Green City Initiative. Written submissions to CARB demonstrated that the 
Sacramento Community has rallied behind the opportunity to host the Green City, which 
validates Electrify America’s decision to select Sacramento as the first Green City, pending 
approval of Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan. There was also tremendous support for the 
selection of Los Angeles as a Green City expressed at the CARB hearing in Riverside. As a result, 
in May, Electrify America executives met with the Los Angeles Mayor’s staff, local utilities, and 
members of the Green City coalition in Los Angeles. Electrify America presented the substantial 
level of community charging investment planned for the Los Angeles region, producing 
productive dialogue and excitement about the potential for investment in the Los Angeles 
region. 
 Support for Central Valley Investment: Many commenters in California advocated for ZEV 
investments in California’s Central Valley. The Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan proposed 
considerable investment along both the Interstate 5 and CA Highway 99 throughout the Valley, 
but the data driven feedback received has prompted Electrify America to propose new 
investment in Fresno, as detailed in Section 5.3. 
 Coordinated Planning with State and Regional Government: Many submissions, especially from 
state agencies and regional coordinating entities like NESCAUM, emphasized the benefits of 
coordinating infrastructure investments with ongoing state activities. For example, CalTrans 
submitted a consolidated proposal to increase charging infrastructure through workplace 
charging, park-and-ride transit hub charging, and charging along key interstate corridors. These 
submissions have highlighted the value of coordinating with state agencies, and Electrify 
America has already initiated coordination as part of its outreach effort. 

27 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
 Workplace Charging: Electrify America received more than 150 submissions supporting 
investment in workplace charging, which is an additional validation of the importance of this use 
case. Many Government submissions, such as the proposal from California’s Department of 
General Services, proposed hundreds of workplace charging units at specific sites. Electrify 
America will closely consider sites identified in each target metro area. 
 Multifamily Dwellings: More than 50 submissions proposed investment in the multifamily and 
residential use case, affirming the importance of this use case. 
 Destination Charging: A small number of commenters suggested that Electrify America invest in 
destination charging at hotels, parks, and other long dwell time locations. This use case will 
receive more consideration from Electrify America given that some proposals had this focus, 
including some compelling programs like Adopt-a-Charger. 
 Airports: The Federal Aviation Administration and submissions from 20 airports proposed 
charging infrastructure investment at airports. These proposals are being evaluated and may be 
a further extension of longer dwell time parking applications in future investment cycles, if 
utilization challenges can be addressed. 
 Environmental Justice: The concerns, ideas, and recommendations put forward by the 
environmental justice community in their comments to CARB and to Electrify America received a 
thorough review. Their concerns are addressed in detail throughout Section 4, while many of 
their ideas and recommendations are embraced in Section 3 and Section 5. 
 Other Recommendations Out of Scope: Electrify America also received comments and 
proposals that it is not able to act upon in Cycle 1, either due to restrictions on investment in 
Appendix C, or because the investments would be outside of this investment plan’s focus on 
foundational infrastructure to serve ZEV driver needs. For example, some cities and other 
entities requested that Electrify America supply them with ZEVs of various size classes, which 
would not qualify as an investment. Additional proposals also recommended Electrify America 
invest in Level 1 charging, bicycle programs, and research projects, which are not creditable cost 
investments under Appendix C. While these submissions did not fit within the scope or 
timetable of the Cycle 1 ZEV Investment Plan, promising ZEV initiatives will be considered in 
later investment cycles. 
 
6.5 Regular Updates on Implementation 
 
Electrify America is ready and motivated to begin implementing its Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan, as it 
is now doing with the Cycle 1 National ZEV Investment Plan. Electrify America is developing and will 
track a robust set of metrics to not only monitor charger utilization and uptime once the network is 
operational, but actual operational performance through our deployment process; these performance 
criteria could include site acquisition performance (# of sites needed to achieve one successful sub-
lease) through construction scheduling and spending versus budget allocation. We also plan to survey 
and study consumers -- not only existing ZEV drivers, but those considering ZEVs as well -- to understand 
Electrify America’s progress in achieving infrastructure awareness and, ideally, incremental ZEV sales 
resulting from purpose-placed charging infrastructure and awareness and education campaigns. At six 
month intervals, we plan to share results of these metrics with CARB. Electrify America will also provide 

28 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
a short (3-4 page) written status summary at that meeting that does not contain private customer data 
or confidential business information and can be shared publically. We are committed to making Annual 
and Final Reports available on our website as agreed to in section 3.6 of Appendix C. 
 

29 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
7 Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicle Technology 
In its May 24, 2017 letter to Electrify America, CARB requested that Electrify America provide additional 
information about its intention to make education and infrastructure investments regarding hydrogen 
fuel cell vehicles in the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan and in future planning cycles. 
 
Electrify America plans to incorporate 
information on attributes of electric drive 
vehicles powered by both batteries and 
hydrogen fuel cells in its Cycle 1 California-
specific Brand-neutral Public Education and 
Outreach activities, as CARB has 
requested.5 
 
As detailed above and in the Cycle 1 CA ZEV 
Investment Plan, Electrify America is 
focusing its ZEV refueling infrastructure 
investments on filling the supply-demand 
gap to serve the greatest need for ZEV 
refueling. As of April 2016, 331 hydrogen 
FCEVs were registered with the California 
Department of Motor Vehicles [CEC]. 
California’s Energy Commission and Air 
Resources Board jointly project that fuel 
cell electric vehicle (FCEV) population will 
grow to 18,465 vehicles in 2020 [CEC & 
CARB]. To fuel these vehicles, AB 8 requires 
California Energy Commission to allocate 
$20 million annually to build hydrogen 
fueling stations, expanding fueling supply.6 
 
According to the State’s own 2017 
projections, California will not have a supply-demand gap for hydrogen refueling in 2020 – in fact it will 
have an excess of approximately seven percent. 
 
By comparison, the projected supply-demand gap for plug-in electric vehicles (PEVs) through 2020 is 
more than 90 percent. There are a quarter of a million PEVs on California’s roads today, and CEC 
projects sales of PEVs to be approximately 200,000 annually over the next five years. Therefore, the 
state’s own projections demonstrate that the supply-demand gap for PEV refueling infrastructure is 
 
5 The May 24, 2017 letter from CARB equates “brand neutral” with “technology-neutral.” Brand neutral is defined 
in Appendix C as materials that “do not feature or favor Settling Defendants’ vehicles or services.” It does not 
reference technology neutrality. Electrify America will incorporate fuel cell technology in its brand-neutral public 
education efforts where appropriate. 
6 AB 8 directs the California Energy Commission to allocate $20 million per year for hydrogen refueling 
infrastructure “until there are at least 100 publically available hydrogen-fueling stations” or until CARB and CEC 
determine that “the private sector is establishing publicly available hydrogen -fueling stations without the need for 
government support.” 
2020 FCEV demand and supply in California 
Kg of hydrogen per day
12,800
2020 
Excess
-900
13,700
2020 
Supply
2020 
Demand
“[Our projection] confirms that today’s statewide 
network is capable of dispensing more than 
enough fuel to satisfy the demand from FCEVs for 
the next few years.”
Joint Agency Staff Report, CARB & CEC 
January 2017
~74 
stations
~18.5k 
FCEVs

30 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
projected to grow rapidly, in comparison to a hydrogen fueling infrastructure gap that has not yet 
emerged. 
 
As stated in Section 3, Electrify America will update its analytical models, engage in a robust National 
Outreach strategy, and fully explore the merit of all allowable ZEV Investments during the planning and 
development of each future ZEV Investment Plan. As part of that process, Electrify America will 
reevaluate the degree to which investment in hydrogen refueling infrastructure would address an 
existing need, would be economically viable and consistent with Electrify America’s goals, and would be 
incremental and additional to existing State of California commitments. Electrify America will meet with 
hydrogen station vendors as part of that process, and it will revisit the supply-demand gap analysis. 
 
Electrify America recognizes the potential promise in heavy duty hydrogen projects. Some of the most 
promising opportunities are currently in the research, development and demonstration stages at this 
time, but Electrify America will continue an open dialogue with the industry to explore whether 
investment can be economically justified in future investment cycles. 
 
Finally, Electrify America notes that CARB’s May 24, 2017 letter asks Electrify America to discuss the 
potential for siting plazas that allow for both charging and hydrogen fueling stations. CARB did not ask 
Electrify America to prioritize such plazas for investment in its February 2017 guidance document, nor 
did it communicate this request in our April 27th meeting. However, while Electrify America does not 
see clear synergies gained by co-hosting a high-speed charging station and hydrogen refueling station at 
the same site, Electrify America will happily engage in dialogue with any hydrogen refueling station site 
host in California to explore whether the site would be an appropriate customer-centric, accessible, and 
purpose-placed charging station. 
 
 

31 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
8 Costs and Other Data Requests 
 
8.1 Creditable Costs 
 
Creditable cost estimates are broken down by the twelve required categories for the entire 30-month 
spending cycle within the confidential Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan submitted on March 8, 2017. 
Electrify America’s detailed, multi-year budget is confidential business information. Its public release 
could be highly detrimental to Electrify America, as it could provide other ZEV charging infrastructure 
companies with a competitive advantage and offer vendors information that could be exploited in 
contract negotiations. 
 
8.2 Electrify America’s Business Model 
 
Like other private businesses, Electrify America considers business and revenue models to be critical 
pieces of confidential business information. Business and revenue models must also be flexible as 
economic requirements dictate. Broadly speaking, Electrify America intends to own and operate most 
of its ZEV infrastructure investments, while some investments will be owned, operated, and maintained 
by third parties under contract with Electrify America for services rendered. As pricing is a function of 
market conditions and Electrify America’s costs, Electrify America would need to gain more information 
on the cost of its infrastructure through the RFP process before it could set pricing structures. With 
regard to preferential pricing or access concerns, Electrify America intends to create customer-centric 
charging stations accessible to all EV drivers, not just Volkswagen drivers. As stated in the Cycle 1 CA 
ZEV Investment Plan: 
The ZEV infrastructure is intended for, and compatible with ZEV technologies that are not limited 
to ones supported by VW group brands. Instead, the goal is to promote universal access to the 
extent possible. In particular, multiple technologies (L2, DCFC) and multiple non‐proprietary 
connectors and charging protocols (e.g., CHAdeMO, CCS) will be offered to maximize public 
access to Electrify America’s charging infrastructure. 
 
8.3 Data Sharing 
 
Electrify America fully intends to share data with CARB regarding cost, utilization, and performance of 
ZEV investments, consistent with the content and timing of reporting requirements established in 
Section 3.6 of Appendix C. Electrify America will work with CARB to ensure that private customer data 
and confidential business information are not released in these reports. 
 
 

32 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
8.4 Monitoring and Maintenance of ZEV Investments 
 
Electrify America is implementing a custom-built program management tool to monitor program status 
and inform decision making, based on industry best practices. The tool will integrate a number of 
Electrify America software systems to allow for efficient reporting and performance tracking. This 
includes the integration of customer relationship management (CRM) systems, geospatial tools, project 
scheduling, construction management and the network service solution that manages charger 
operations. The tool will track targeted metrics such as site selection progress, permit duration, 
construction schedule and timelines, on-time charger delivery, hardware vendor performance, charger 
utilization, and committed spend amounts. 
 
To ensure ZEV infrastructure investments are maintained at levels that provide high customer 
satisfaction, Electrify America will manage network monitoring, call center and on-going maintenance. 
 
8.4.1 Network Monitoring 
 
As part of Electrify America’s software integration efforts, a Request for Proposal (RFP) process is 
currently underway for the selection of a network services solution. This solution will support charger 
commissioning through operation and maintenance. Specifically, the network operator will be able to 
view a variety of functions and outputs to streamline analysis of charger use and customer behavior 
using a dashboard, network alerts and ticket management best practices. 
Electrify America is planning a robust monitoring and control network system to monitor asset uptime 
and ticket resolution time. The network will be designed to support the most effective business process 
to minimize network or asset issues and to ensure the information is available to meet strict Service 
Level Agreements (SLAs) with internal and external partners to meet metrics, reduce errors, and 
providing swift issue resolution. 
 
8.4.2 Call Center 
 
Electrify America will also establish a 
multi-language call center to support 
end user contacts via phone, email, and 
chat. The call center will respond to 
consumers inquiring about or utilizing 
Electrify America products and services, 
and will initiate follow-up 
communication where appropriate. 
The call center will be evaluated based 
on performance metrics, such as (for 
Metric type
Charger 
issues
 Customer call volume (#)
 Issues by cause (%)
 Resolution rate (%)
 Goodwill debits ($)
Customer 
service 
quality
 Speed of answer (minutes)
 Call handle time (minutes)
 Service level (%) 
 Customer call center satisfaction (1-10)
Customer service example 
metrics tracked
Figure 7: Call Center Metrics (Not Exhaustive) 

33 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
example) calls answered or abandoned, speed to answer, talk time, hold and wait time, time to resolve 
call (post initial call), handling time, queue metrics, and chat and email metrics. 
 
8.5 On-going Maintenance 
 
Charger availability is critical to both customer satisfaction and Electrify America’s success, and Electrify 
America plans to develop tools and methodology to ensure high levels of network and charger uptime. 
Electrify America will be able to rapidly react, review and respond to issues as they occur by utilizing 
tools, including diagnostic tools with resolution paths. But Electrify America also plans to be proactive, 
with active system monitoring and management of issues, severity classification of issues, and selection 
and initiation of the appropriate service level to ensure minimal downtime. Additionally, the call center 
agents will be empowered with the capabilities to resolve and report on the majority of customer issues, 
often on a single call. 
Agents and operators will have access to direct real-time status information about charging stations, and 
they will perform tasks such as reviewing unit performance histories, initiating a charge, resetting a 
charger, or performing other issue resolution tasks. 
Electrify America expects to resolve the majority of support issues via the call center. Upon 
encountering an issue that cannot be resolved, a ticket will be generated to the next level support 
process. Electrify America may provide preventive and corrective maintenance of its stations utilizing 
third parties with credible expertise, where appropriate. Regardless of whether maintenance is 
performed in house or by a contractor, Electrify America anticipates setting a goal of resolving minor 
matters within 24 hours of a reported problem, while serious matters will be expected to be resolved 
within 48 – 72 hours. 
 
8.6 Timelines 
 
The Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan, submitted March 8th, laid out schedules for investment during the 
entire first cycle, which began in January 2017. The Plan presented significant work beginning in the 
first half of 2017. It set preliminary milestones for the construction of charging stations in California, 
broken down into six month intervals, laying out a firm schedule to complete construction of 400+ 
stations by the end of the first cycle. In addition, the full Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan laid out the 
Education and Awareness campaign by month. (Advertising purchase schedules are confidential 
business information.) Finally, the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan laid out a schedule for Green City 
Initiative infrastructure construction. Additional detail on the Green City Initiative’s six-month 
milestones is provided in Figure 8. 
 
 
 

34 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
Figure 8: Green City Initiative 6-month Milestones 
 
 
The schedules in the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan called for Electrify America’s investment in 
California to have already begun. However, Electrify America is not making additional investments 
before the Plan is approved, as it is not able to confirm that such investments would be creditable. All 
site evaluation and selection work in California has been put on hold indefinitely. The first contracts to 
build more than 100 charging stations by the end of 2017 are on permanent hold. And all advertising 
buys and other education efforts have been cancelled. As Electrify America and CARB have discussed, 
Electrify America will have to restructure its investment schedules and milestones to accommodate this 
unexpected delay, and the scale of that adjustment will be dictated by the final date upon which CARB 
approves Electrify America to begin investments. Electrify America’s investment in California will be 
delayed – but it is not possible for Electrify America to provide a new schedule without knowing CARB’s 
timing, or its intention to approve or disapprove the Cycle 1 CA ZEV Investment Plan. 
Jan – Jun 
2017
Jul – Dec
2017
Jan – Jun 
2018
Jul – Dec
2018
Jan – Jun 
2019
Launch 
ZEV 
carshare
service
Issued 40+ ZEV 
carshare RFIs
Develop ZEV carshare service 
in coordination with vendor
Launch ZEV 
carshare
service; then 
evaluate and 
refine service 
offering
Issue ZEV 
carshare
RFPs and 
select 
provider
Set-up 
ZEV 
charging 
infra-
structure
Evaluate and 
select ZEV 
charging 
station sites
Obtain permit 
and prepare 
charging 
station sites
Complete 
construction of 
ZEV charging 
station sites
Comm-
unicate
with stake-
holders
Followed-up with 
20+ Green City 
related public 
submissions
Coordinate and collaborate with 
Green City municipal and utility 
stakeholders to develop service
Continue to communicate 
service to local citizens and 
stakeholders
Other 
initiatives Explore other Green City initiatives

35 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
9 Sources 
 
Auto Alliance (2017). Future of Zero Emission Automobiles. 
 
California Center for Sustainable Energy (2013). California Plug-in Electric Vehicle Driver Survey Results. 
 
California Energy Commission (2016). Tracking Progress: Zero-Emission Vehicle and Infrastructure. 
http://www.energy.ca.gov/renewables/tracking_progress/documents/electric_vehicle.pdf 
 
California Energy Commission and California Air Resources Board (2017). Joint Agency Staff Report on 
Assembly Bill 8: 2016 Assessment of Time and Cost Needed to Attain 100 Hydrogen Refueling 
Stations in California. http://www.energy.ca.gov/2017publications/CEC-600-2017-002/CEC-600-2017-
002.pdf 
 
CARB Hearing Transcript, Meeting of the State of California Air Resources Board, Riverside County 
Administrative Center, March 24, 2017. https://www.arb.ca.gov/board/mt/2017/mt032417.pdf 
 
CARB (2017). Maps to Support California Climate Investments in Disadvantaged and Low-income 
Communities. https://www.arb.ca.gov/cc/capandtrade/auctionproceeds/communityinvestments.htm 
 
Council of Economic Advisors (2009). Estimates of job creation from the American Recovery and 
Reinvestment Act of 2009. https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/administration/eop/cea/Estimate-of-
Job-Creation/ 
 
Friedman, David (2017). Public Plug-in Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure Guiding Principles. U.S. 
Department of Energy. https://energy.gov/eere/articles/public-plug-electric-vehicle-charging-
infrastructure-guiding-principles 
 
Giles, Cynthia, Assistant Administrator Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance and Janet 
McCabe, Acting Assistant Administrator U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Written Testimony 
before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Energy and Commerce. U.S. 
House of Representatives, December 6, 2016. 
 
Giles, Cynthia, Assistant Administrator, Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance, U.S. 
Environmental Protection Agency. Oral Testimony before the Subcommittee on Oversight and 
Investigations Committee on Energy and Commerce. U.S. House of Representatives, December 6, 2016. 
 
Hummel, Patrick, et al. (2017). UBS Evidence Lab Electric Car Teardown – Disruption Ahead? UBS. 
 
McKinsey Sustainable Mobility Initiative (2016). Electrified Vehicle Consumer Surveys. 
 
National Academy of Sciences (2015). Overcoming Barriers to Deployment of Plug-in Electric Vehicles. 
 
National Academy of Sciences (2013). Overcoming Barriers to Electric Vehicle Deployment – Interim 
Report. 
 

36 Supplement to the California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
Office of Legislative Counsel (2016). Assembly Bill No. 1550, Chapter 369, An Act to amend Section 
39713 of the Health and Safety Code, relating to greenhouse gases. Legislative Counsel’s Digest. 
https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/billNavClient.xhtml?bill_id=201520160AB1550 
 
Shaheen, Susan; Elliot Martin; and Apaar Bansal (2015). Zero and Low-emission Vehicles in the U.S. 
Carsharing Fleets: Impacts of Exposure on Member Perceptions. Transportation Sustainability Research 
Center, University of California – Berkeley. 
 
Sheldon, Tamara; J.R. DeShazo; Richard T. Carson, and Samuel Krumholz (2015). Factors Affecting Plug-
in Electric Vehicle Sales in California. UCLA Luskin Center for Innovation. 
http://innovation.luskin.ucla.edu/content/factors-affecting-plug-electric-vehicle-sales-california 
 
Steinberg, Darrell and Howard Chan. Comments Regarding Volkswagen’s California Zero Emission 
Vehicle Plan, April 5, 2017. https://www.arb.ca.gov/lists/com-attach/12-vwzevinvestplan-ws-
VSNVJFY+V2oKegFk.pdf 
 
Strategic Vision (2016). New Vehicle Experience Survey. 
Turek, Alex; George M. DeShazo; Wally Siembab; and Aaron Baum (2017). Assessing the Multi-Unit 
Dwelling Barrier to Plug-in Electric Vehicle Adoption in the South Bay, DRAFT. UCLA Luskin Center for 
Innovation. http://southbaycities.org/sites/default/files/ARV-14-035%20ZEV%20MUD%20-%20Final-
Draft%20Rpt_0.pdf 
 
US Department of Energy (2015). Workplace Charging Challenge – Mid-program Review: Employees 
Plug-in. https://energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2015/12/f27/105313-5400-BR-0-
EERE%20Charging%20Challenge-FINAL_0.pdf 
 
US Department of Transportation (2014). GROW AMERICA Act: Creating a pathway to transportation 
careers. 
https://www.transportation.gov/sites/dot.gov/files/docs/Workforce_DOT_Reuth_FINAL_2014.pdf 
 
Williams, Bill. California ZEV Investment Plan Cycle One as submitted by Volkswagen. San Joaquin 
Valley Electric Vehicle Partnership, April 10, 2017. https://www.arb.ca.gov/lists/com-attach/87-
vwzevinvestplan-ws-USIAbFUiWG5SIgV1.pdf 
Williams, B., Anderson, J., Santulli, C., and Arreola, G. (2015). Clean Vehicle Rebate Project Participation 
Rates: The First Five Years (March 2010--March 2015). Center for Sustainable Energy, San Diego CA. 
https://cleanvehiclerebate.org/sites/default/files/docs/nav/transportation/cvrp/survey-results/2015-
10%20CVRP%20Participation.pdf

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/assets/pdf/California ZEV Investment Plan Cycle 1.3bc672a3.pdf

Public version                                                                                                                                               1 
 
 
 
   
 
California ZEV 
Investment 
Plan: Cycle 1 
 
Public version 
 
 
March 8, 2017 

Public version                                                                                                                                               2 
 
Contents 
 
1. Executive summary 3  
2. California ZEV Investment Plan 13  
2.1. Overview 13  
2.2. Investment types and descriptions 14  
2.2.1. Infrastructure 14  
2.2.2. Green City 23  
2.2.3. Public Education 25  
2.2.4. Public access initiatives 28  
2.3. Anticipated Creditable Costs 28  
2.4. Advancement of ZEV technology in the United States 29  
2.5. Certification of activities 30  
2.6. Supporting literature 30  
 
  

Public version                                                                                                                                               3 
 
1. Executive summary 
 
  As required by Appendix C to the 2.0‐Liter Partial Consent Decree entered by the U.S. 
District Court for the Northern District of California on October 25, 2016, Volkswagen Group of 
America is investing $800 million over the next 10 years on zero emission vehicle (ZEV) 
infrastructure, education, and access activities to support increased adoption of ZEV technology 
in California. This represents one of the largest commitments of its kind to date, and 
Volkswagen Group of America is optimistic that ZEV investments at such a scale will make a 
material difference in adoption of ZEVs in California. There is a separate investment of $1.2 
billion outside of California that is the subject of a National ZEV Investment Plan being 
submitted to the Environmental Protection Agency. Volkswagen Group of America and the 
California Air Resources Board (ARB) will meet bi‐annually, and Volkswagen will submit an 
annual report detailing its progress in implementing the California ZEV Investment Plan. 
 
The investment: The $800 million commitment will be spent in $200 million increments over 
four 30‐month cycles. This report describes the $200 million in investments that will be made in 
the first 30‐month cycle, which runs from Q1 2017 through Q2 2019, to meet this goal.  
 
Cycle 1 (Q1 2017 
– Q2 2019) 
Cycle 2 (Q3 2019  
‐ Q4 2021) 
Cycle 3 (Q1 2022 
– Q2 2024) 
Cycle 4 (Q3 2024 
– Q4 2026) 
Full 10 years 
$200M  $200M  $200M  $200M  $800M 
 
  The ZEV investments being made by Volkswagen Group of America will make it easier 
for millions of Californians to charge their electric vehicles. In addition, Volkswagen Group of 
America will broadly promote the benefits of ZEVs to consumers through public education 
campaigns and also take steps to increase exposure to ZEVs. Many consumers do not even 
consider purchasing a ZEV because of widespread misconceptions about such vehicles and 
“range anxiety” resulting from inadequate charging infrastructure. Investments in 
infrastructure, education, and access can go a long way to resolve those concerns and increase 
ZEV adoption. Volkswagen Group of America has created a wholly‐owned subsidiary, called 
Electrify America, that will be an entity focused on ZEVs that can efficiently and effectively fulfill 
the ZEV investment commitments under the Appendix C. 
  Electrify America is pleased to highlight the many ways that its ZEV investments during 
the first 30‐month period will benefit all Californians, including those in underserved 
communities. Highlighted in the plan are infrastructure investments and a Green City project 
that have the potential to support increasing access to ZEVs for a broad variety of California 
communities, including currently underserved communities. 
  Electrify America has carefully constructed a plan that considers existing ZEV 
infrastructure investments in California and projected demand. VW is committed to making ZEV 

Public version                                                                                                                                               4 
 
investments that are incremental to those being made by other private and public entities, and 
not simply duplicating efforts of others. The brand‐neutral education campaigns will be 
designed to foster increased interest in ZEVs generally, benefitting both auto manufacturers 
and ZEV charging infrastructure providers, and potentially increasing investment in these areas 
to the advantage of the market at large. 
 
The Cycle 1 plan: In the first ZEV investment cycle, Electrify America will focus on four activities 
aimed at increasing the use of ZEVs and 
showing more Californians that going 
electric is possible and beneficial today: 
(1) Installing charging infrastructure 
(approximately $120 million), (2) Building a 
Green City to showcase the benefits of 
ZEVs and promote increased ZEV usage 
(approximately $44 million), (3) Public 
Education initiatives (approximately $20 
million), (4) Access initiatives like ride‐and‐
drive events, and an additional 
approximately ~$16 million spent on the 
operational costs of running Electrify 
America (e.g., personnel, other business 
expenses). Note that the focus of the 
Cycle 1 plan is aligned with CARB’s Investment Plan Guidance issued in early February, in 
particular Section II.A.1 referring to prioritization of infrastructure, public education, access, 
and making early/visible progress. 
 
INSTALLING CHARGING INFRASTRUCTURE (~$120 million)  
Electrify America plans to build charging infrastructure that will primarily consist of 
(1) Community charging and (2) A long distance highway network. In addition, other use 
cases/technologies are also under consideration including destination charging at California 
state parks to increase access to L2s, and, for higher power DC charging applications, targeted 
battery storage to manage peak demand, ease grid loads, etc.  
A series of guiding principles were applied to identify appropriate infrastructure investments: 
 Focus on accessible locations where utilization is expected to be high for ZEV drivers 
 Focus on a variety of use cases based on the anticipated charging behaviors of ZEV 
drivers 
 Incorporate anticipated changes in the ZEV industry to maximize usefulness of stations 
in the medium‐to‐long term 
 
Overview of Cycle 1 California Plan 


Public version                                                                                                                                               5 
 
 Consideration for long term sustainability of the network 
 
  Charging stations will be located first in the areas with the highest anticipated ZEV 
demand; this is based on the forecast penetration rates of ZEVs in each region and the 
estimated gap between the supply and demand of charging infrastructure in those regions. In 
aggregate, the Electrify America first cycle investment will aim to establish a network of 
approximately 2000‐3000 non‐proprietary chargers across 400+ individual stations. A high‐level 
overview of station locations for the highway network as well as the use cases for the local 
community‐based network are provided in Section 2.2.1.3. 
  Electrify America stations will be designed to provide access by supporting many 
existing and anticipated charging technology needs (L2 PHEVs, 50 kW+ DC fast charging), the 
adoption of non‐proprietary charging standards (such as Combined Charging System (CCS) and 
CHAdeMO), and support for open protocols including Open Charge Point Protocol (OCPP).  
To simplify the consumer experience, Electrify America will seek bi‐lateral access 
agreements with owners of other charging networks to make it easy for as many ZEV drivers as 
possible to enjoy the collective charging networks available. 
Community charging (approximately $45 million)  
  Through the National Outreach Plan process, Electrify America received many 
comments and proposals from states, local governments and other stakeholders expressing 
support for concentrated EV infrastructure investments in specific metropolitan areas. 
  Electrify America has identified 5 metropolitan areas for the cycle 1 investment (Los 
Angeles, San Francisco, San Jose, San Diego, and Sacramento). Additional metro areas will be 
targeted in future investment cycles. Within selected metros, Electrify America plans to build 
350+ stations across five major use cases (multi‐family homes, workplace, commercial/retail, 
community, and municipal lots/garages). A deployment mix of L2, 50 kW, and 150 kW chargers 
will be offered across these use cases to help best meet the anticipated needs of EV drivers. 
Note that the targeted metro spend is aligned with CARB’s Investment Plan Guidance issued in 
early February, in particular Section II.A.3 referring to transformational programs. 
A high‐speed highway network (approximately $75 million) 
Through the National Outreach Plan process, Electrify America received many 
comments expressing support for investment in a nationwide network of high speed EV 
charging infrastructure along our nation’s highways. 
  
  Electrify America will build a long distance high speed highway network consisting of 
approximately 50+ charging stations along high‐traffic corridors between metropolitan areas. 
These stations will focus on 150 kW and 320 kW DC fast chargers; each station will have 5 plugs 

Public version                                                                                                                                               6 
 
on average. These chargers will represent state‐of‐the‐art technology with the fastest charging 
speeds available. Most currently installed non‐proprietary DC fast chargers are in the 25‐50 kW 
range, so Electrify America’s stations will be at least 3‐6 times faster, which reduces charging 
times to approximately 15‐20 minutes in some cases for new generation, larger battery capacity 
ZEVs.  
  The highway network will, in addition to serving highway ZEV traffic, also help to serve 
disadvantaged communities. In an analysis of the proposed highway network, roughly 25% of 
stations will fall in areas which score in the bottom quartile on the CalEnviroScreen, and over 
50% of stations will fall in areas that scored in the bottom half on the CalEnviroScreen index. 
This will help provide state‐of‐the‐art infrastructure to disadvantaged communities near major 
highways, and especially those communities that have significant air pollution issues as a result 
of being located near a highway. Furthermore, in future investment cycles, Electrify America 
will conduct additional gap analysis as it relates to infrastructure needs in disadvantaged 
communities. Note that this is aligned with CARB’s Investment Plan Guidance issued in early 
February, in particular Section II.A.4 referring to disadvantaged communities. 
 
FIGURE 1: OVERVIEW OF CALENVIROSCREEN BY REGION (RED = BOTTOM QUARTILE, ORANGE = THIRD QUARTILE, 
YELLOW = SECOND QUARTILE, GREEN = TOP QUARTILE). 
Building the infrastructure 
  
  Preliminary milestones for the network construction progress is shown in Table 1. Site 
development for the first Electrify America stations will begin in Q2 2017, with development 
initiated for all stations by Q2 2018. These first stations are expected to be completed and 
operational for local community charging in Q3 2017 and for highway charging in Q2 2018. 
Given long lead times in terms of site acquisition and permitting processes, the majority of the 
stations are expected to be completed near the end of the 30 month cycle, from fewer than 
approximately 100‐150 operational stations in Q1 2018 to 400+ stations by the end of Q2 2019. 
 


Public version                                                                                                                                               7 
 
 
TABLE 1: PRELIMINARY MILESTONES FOR NETWORK CONSTRUCTION FOR THE CALIFORNIA INFRASTRUCTURE PLAN 
  Much of this proposed schedule is determined by the lead times associated with various 
pre‐installation tasks, including finding and acquiring sites, permitting, and securing available 
hardware, each of which can vary considerably based on local factors, the availability of new 
150 kW DC fast charging hardware systems and supply chain. Much of the uncertainty around 
timelines is associated with (1) the site acquisition and design process, which requires contract 
negotiations with property owners/developers, customization of engineering drawings for 
specific sites, and the need to identify approximately 5 sites for every 1 final location due to 
uncertainties through the implementation cycle; and (2) the permitting/approval process, 
which can take anywhere from 3 to 9 months depending on the permits required at the various 
levels of government (e.g., local vs. state). 
 
BUILDING A GREEN CITY FOR ZEV ACCESS (~$44 million)  
  Electrify America has identified three potential Green City initiatives on which to focus: 
ZEV car‐sharing, ZEV delivery fleet, and ZEV taxi fleet provider. The first 30‐month investment 
cycle for Green City will concentrate approximately $44 M of funding on developing the 
foundational infrastructure and planning for the launch of Green City initiatives (currently 
anticipated to be in Sacramento) as well as the launch of services.  
  Foundational work for the first Green City initiatives is planned to begin in Q3 2017, 
including the installation of approximately 75 supporting chargers. Site development for the 
estimated 75 supporting chargers is planned to begin by Q1 2018, with development completed 
for all stations by end of Q4 2019. This infrastructure associated with Green City is expected to 
cost approximately $11 million. 
 
BRAND‐NEUTRAL PUBLIC EDUCATION ACTIVITIES (~$20 million)  
  Electrify America received many submissions through the National Outreach Plan 
process that expressed support for investments that will increase public awareness of ZEVs 
attributes and benefits. 
  In order to inform the public education campaign, Electrify America has performed a 
segmentation analysis of the general car‐buying population to evaluate the penetration of ZEVs 
Pre‐site selection In  development Operational
Q2 2017 300‐350 100 ‐150 0
Q4 2017 100‐150 200 ‐250 50 ‐100
Q2 2018 02 0 0 ‐250 150 ‐200
Q4 2018 05 0 ‐100 300 ‐350
Q2 2019 0 0 400+
California ZEV infrastructure

Public version                                                                                                                                               8 
 
in various car‐buying population segments and regions, the positioning of ZEVs relative to 
competition, the barriers to adoption of ZEVs by population segment, and the key messages to 
communicate to the general population in order to improve penetration of ZEVs. Based on this 
analysis and an additional analysis of consumer media consumption habits, Electrify America 
has developed a comprehensive plan to deliver persuasive messaging against both ZEV benefits 
and overcoming barriers to ZEV adoption. Media will be used to put ZEVs on the “big stage” in 
order to help consumers understand that ZEVs not only meet the majority of their needs today, 
but even more so as the charging infrastructure network grows. The messaging will be split 
across traditional advertising channels such as television, targeted digital, including digital 
radio, social media, websites, and partnerships, with various platforms to further spread 
messaging to a variety of demographic segments in California. In order to quickly maximize 
messaging presence, a coordinated national/local media strategy was developed. This allows 
for quick ramp‐up across the country, followed by sustained messaging in top, high‐potential 
ZEV markets.  
  The education campaigns aim to increase the public’s awareness of and exposure to 
ZEVs through targeted campaigns in markets where there are significant opportunities to 
increase the adoption of ZEVs. The campaigns will highlight that ZEVs today can meet most 
consumers’ needs, and this will only improve as new vehicles hit the marketplace and as 
charging infrastructure grows. In terms of content, educational campaigns will simultaneously 
communicate the benefits of ZEVs (performance, acceleration, quietness, comfort, and the 
overall enjoyment of the ride) and address barriers to adoption (range anxiety, “golf cart” 
misperception, charger availability). 
 
ZEV ACCESS INITIATIVES  
  Numerous governments and other stakeholders proposed ZEV access programs in their 
comments to Electrify America. Experiential initiatives like ride‐and‐drive events are being 
planned to help increase ZEV access and exposure for as many Californians as possible. 
According to the U.S. Department of Energy, experiential learning activities are one of the most 
effective ways to drive ZEV adoption because they allow consumers to discover that ZEVs are 
fun to drive and have other benefits relative to cars with internal combustion engines [DOE 
Workplace Charging Challenge]. The purpose of these activities is to increase the public’s 
awareness of and access to ZEVs and allow them to experience ZEVs without having to 
purchase a vehicle. 
1.2 Summary of Public Comments and their Consideration 
 
1.2.1. Summary of public comments 
  As part of the National Outreach Plan, Electrify America solicited proposals and 
recommendations from outside parties to help substantiate and improve this plan. Electrify 

Public version                                                                                                                                               9 
 
America notified stakeholders identified in Appendix C (i.e., states, municipal governments, 
federally‐recognized Indian tribes, and federal agencies) of the proposal submission period, 
which was open from December 9, 2016 to January 16, 2017. Further detail on outreach efforts 
can be found in the National Outreach Plan submitted to EPA and CARB on November 9, 2016. 
Electrify America will continue to consider input from stakeholders over the 10‐year life of 
Appendix C. 
  For the first 30‐month investment cycle, Electrify America allowed a 3‐week grace 
period and considered submissions received through February 6, 2017. A total of 484 
submissions were received as of February 6, 2017, 194 of which were from California. Figure 2 
provides an overview of the proposals by topic and by type of submitter. 
 
  
FIGURE 2: PROPOSAL SUBMISSIONS FROM CALIFORNIA BY TOPIC AND SOURCE 
  Within California, 33% of submissions were received from the Southern California 
region, 29% from the Bay Area, 16% from Greater Sacramento, 7% each from the Central Coast 
and Southern Border regions, 5% from San Joaquin Valley, and 1% each from the Northern 
California and Northern Sacramento Valley regions, as defined by the California Economic 
Strategy Panel’s Economic Regions (see Figure 3). 
 


Public version                                                                                                                                               10 
 
 
FIGURE 3: PROPOSAL SUBMISSIONS BY GEOGRAPHY 
 
1.2.2. Consideration of comments 
  Submissions were initially evaluated across a variety of factors including, but not limited 
to, submission source, speed of implementation, likely charger utilization, and development 
synergies. Following the initial evaluation, proposals are being categorized based on 
actionability and forwarded for thorough professional review and sorting to the appropriate 
internal working teams at Electrify America. Working teams will follow up with proposal 
submitters in order to clarify submissions, discuss specific ideas, and incorporate some or all of 
the submission into the plan as Electrify America begins implementing the California ZEV 
Investment Plan. There is high likelihood that Electrify America will act on proposals that 
overlap with or optimize priorities identified by Electrify America in the first cycle.  Note that 
Electrify America intends to respond to everyone who submitted a proposal. An overview of this 
process is shown in Figure 4. 
 


Public version                                                                                                                                               11 
 
  
FIGURE 4: OVERVIEW OF PROCESS FOR CONSIDERATION OF PUBLIC COMMENTS 
 
1.2.3. Samples of submitted proposals 
 
A selection of submitted proposals includes the following: 
 Advanced charging infrastructure for underserved (air quality) community: proposal to 
install 80‐90 L2 chargers and 10‐20 DC fast chargers in advanced, net zero energy 
consumption Carson community for workplace, destination, and commuter charging 
that is adjacent to 405/110 freeways. 
 Green City proposals: a number of cities submitted proposals for Green City or related 
topics, as summarized in Table 2. 


Public version                                                                                                                                               12 
 
 
TABLE 2: SUMMARY OF CITIES THAT SUBMITTED PROPOSALS FOR GREEN CITY OR RELATED TOPICS. 
 
  


Public version                                                                                                                                               13 
 
2. California ZEV Investment Plan 
 
2.1. Overview 
  Over the course of the first 30 month investment cycle, Electrify America will invest 
$200 million in California across four primary areas:  
 
1. ZEV charging infrastructure  
2. Green City initiative 
3. ZEV public education campaign 
4. Access initiatives (under development) 
 
Approximately $120 million will be spent on charging infrastructure1, approximately $44 million 
on Green City, approximately $20 million on education campaigns, and the remainder 
(approximately $16 million) on operational expenses for Electrify America2. Note that all 
numbers and activities referenced in this investment plan refer to California spend (i.e., 
excludes spend under the National ZEV Investment Plan) unless otherwise indicated. Figure 5 
provides an overview of these planned costs. 
 
FIGURE 5: OVERVIEW OF COSTS ACROSS CATEGORIES 
 
An overview of the three main investment categories is provided below: 
 
                                                        
1 Inclusive of both capital expenses and certain creditable expenses including station fixed costs and demand 
charges. 
2 Inclusive of overhead. 


Public version                                                                                                                                               14 
 
1. ZEV charging infrastructure: Electrify America will focus on two primary areas for 
infrastructure investment: long‐distance highway chargers and community‐based 
metropolitan chargers. An overview of these investments is provided in Table 3. 
 
TABLE 3: OVERVIEW OF LONG‐DISTANCE HIGHWAY AND COMMUNITY‐BASED LOCAL NETWORKS IN 
CALIFORNIA. 
In developing this plan, a number of sources were drawn upon from academia, 
industry, and government (see Section 2.6. Supporting literature) to ensure 
investments are focused on high‐priority areas where there is clear need for 
investment in ZEV infrastructure and where likelihood of utilization is highest. 
Note that approximate spend on the highway network is $65 million, the 
community‐based network is $40 million, and there are an additional $15 million 
in creditable expenses associated with station operations (fixed costs around 
maintenance and networking, peak demand charges). 
2. Green City initiative: Electrify America will begin to establish a green mobility 
habitat through development of public programs utilizing ZEVs, likely including 
services such as car‐sharing and delivery fleet. 
3. Public education campaigns: The purpose of these campaigns is to develop a 
portfolio of brand‐neutral media and experiential initiatives that increase the 
number of people aware of and willing to consider ZEVs. 
4. ZEV access initiatives: Various experiential initiatives like ride and drive events are 
being considered to further increase ZEV access. 
 
  Overhead and other costs related to implementing this California investment plan are 
expected to account for approximately $16 million of Electrify America’s spend in the first 30 
month investment cycle. The majority of this spend (approximately $15 million) will be 
attributable to operating the business (e.g., personnel).  
 
 
2.2. Investment types and descriptions 
 
2.2.1. Infrastructure 
 
2.2.1.1. Guiding principles 
  


Public version                                                                                                                                               15 
 
  Electrify America’s mission is to establish one of the largest, most technically advanced 
and customer‐friendly charging networks in the U.S. to promote and support the increased 
adoption of ZEVs. Key guiding principles used to design the network include the following: 
 
 Focus on locations where access and utilization is expected to be highest: Investments 
target highways and metropolitan areas with high current and projected concentrations 
of ZEV drivers to maximize potential network utilization. In future cycles, the highway 
charger network can act as an anchor for growth into newer markets along heavily‐
trafficked corridors. Electrify America also believe it is possible that having chargers 
available in communities that adjoin highways may increase ZEV usage in those 
communities, some of which are currently underserved. 
 Focus on a variety of use cases based on anticipated charging behaviors of ZEV drivers: 
Electrify America will build chargers to cater to drivers on highways, in public areas 
(commercial/retail locations, parking garages), in workplaces and multi‐family dwellings, 
and in other viable use cases where appropriate. 
 Incorporate anticipated changes in the ZEV industry by ‘future‐proofing’ stations to 
maximize their usefulness in the medium‐to‐long term: Investment will include the 
latest technology (from L2s up to 320 kW DC fast charging) and operate across 
standards (CCS and CHAdeMO) to maximize access and help ensure future compatibility 
in a rapidly evolving industry. Electrify America will also continually look for new 
technologies and work to incorporate them in future investment cycles. By focusing on 
open standards and cross‐platform compatibility in the first 30‐month cycle, Electrify 
America will be well positioned to adopt new technologies. 
 Focus on a sustainable business model: the Electrify America network is being designed 
to ensure that the network is economically viable and can be operated and maintained 
for the long term. 
 Focus on interoperability and suitable signage: the Electrify America network will 
represent an advanced B2B and B2C platform to support other stakeholders who wish 
to manage the customer relationship themselves as well as B2C capabilities for 
customer management by Electrify America.  Where possible, bi‐lateral agreements will 
be created with the owners of other charging networks to simplify and improve EV 
charging for all drivers on multiple networks. Both Electrify America and available state 
and federal signage resources will be used to the extent possible to further resolve 
consumer lack of awareness of existing charging infrastructure. 
 
2.2.1.2. Investment selection methodology 
  The ZEV infrastructure investment plan includes two key components: (1) a high‐speed 
California network to facilitate highway travel between major metropolitan areas; and (2) 
community‐based charging stations in 5 major metropolitan areas. For both components, the 
following three factors were used to determine the required investment: (a) locations with the 

Public version                                                                                                                                               16 
 
highest ZEV demand; (b) the gap between the existing charging infrastructure supply and 
projected demand at each location; and (c) the charger count and type needed to meet the 
excess charging demand at each location. By adopting this methodology, Electrify America is 
well positioned to install charging stations where they are most needed, as Appendix C 
requires, and most likely to be used. Note that, throughout this process, Electrify America 
utilized academic, government, and industry reports on EV charging infrastructure investment, 
advertising, and projections to develop this plan. Electrify America used peer‐reviewed reports 
to the extent they were available. The reports reviewed are reflected in the sources listed at 
the conclusion of this report. 
 
2.2.1.2.1. Community‐based local network investment selection methodology 
  The first step in the selection process was to determine the list of metropolitan areas to 
prioritize for investment. An overview of the process can be seen in Figure 6 and comprises two 
key steps: 
 
1. Narrowing down the list of metropolitan areas to 5 based on key demographic factors 
and current hybrid and forecast ZEV sales. 
2. Further prioritizing this list based on the extent of government incentives and 
regulation, local awareness of ZEVs, feedback from utilities and other stakeholders, and 
quality of fit with the long‐distance highway plan. 
 
 
FIGURE 6: OVERVIEW OF METROPOLITAN AREA SELECTION METHODOLOGY 


Public version                                                                                                                                               17 
 
2.2.1.2.2. Long‐distance highway network investment selection methodology 
  The California highway network was designed to place high‐speed charging stations 
along the long‐distance routes with the highest estimated ZEV traffic as well as to link 
prioritized metro areas from the prior section in order to form a cohesive statewide network. 
Several potential routes shown in Table 4 were identified from: (1) the Census Bureau Statistical 
Areas (CBSAs) with the highest projected ZEV penetration [Navigant; Experian]; and (2) the 
most highly‐used routes for long‐distance travel between these CBSAs based on the FHWA 
Traveler Analysis Framework [Federal Highway Administration framework]. 
 
2.2.1.3. Specific description of investments 
  This section provides an overview of: (1) the quantities and locations of charging 
stations and (2) the chargers and type/number of connectors per station. 
 
2.2.1.3.1. COMMUNITY‐BASED LOCAL NETWORK 
  Five priority use cases will be supported 
in the local community‐based network in the 
first investment cycle: (1) multi‐family dwellings, (2) workplace, (3) commercial/retail locations, 
(4) community depots3, and (5) municipal lots/garages. Note that, by supporting a variety of 
use cases, especially multi‐family dwellings, Electrify America will help increase access to 
charging infrastructure for underserved communities (and this is consistent with CARB’s 
guidance on the topic).These will be focused in five metropolitan areas: Los Angeles, San 
Francisco, San Diego, San Jose, and Sacramento.4 In future investment cycles, Electrify America 
may increase the number of use cases supported.  
 
                                                        
3 Community depots are fast-charging stations (similar to highway stations) that are meant for quick charges for 
commuters. 
4 San Joaquin Valley metros, while scoring low across metrics used here, will be explored as potential destinations 
for future community-based investments in subsequent cycles. 

Public version                                                                                                                                               18 
 
 
FIGURE 7: OVERVIEW OF MAJOR USE CASES TO BE PRIORITIZED IN FIRST CYCLE 
  Across use cases, a majority of spending is expected to be devoted to public use cases 
(commercial/retail centers, community depots, and municipal parking lots/garages), 
approximately one third of investment will support workplace charging, and the remainder will 
be spent in multi‐family dwellings. In addition to these use cases, there are other 
programs/technologies under consideration, including an Adopt‐a‐Charger partnership with 
California state parks to further build out L2 destination charging. 
 
2.2.1.3.2. LONG‐DISTANCE HIGHWAY NETWORK 
  The highways most likely to be targeted in the first investment cycle are shown in Table 
4. The planned typical station configuration for a highway network station is two to three 320 
kW and two to three 150 kW chargers (five total chargers).  
 


Public version                                                                                                                                               19 
 
 
TABLE 4: OVERVIEW OF CALIFORNIA HIGHWAYS TARGETED FOR INVESTMENT IN FIRST 30‐MONTH CYCLE 
 
2.2.1.4. Infrastructure investment timeline and milestones 
  
  The estimated development schedules for both the highway and local community and 
networks are shown in Table 5. The end‐to‐end process from site development is a lengthy 
process with multiple steps and includes the following: 
 
– Ordering equipment 
– Development of new property leads 
– Signing of lease agreements (or, where appropriate, purchasing property) 
– Development of permitting/pre‐construction packages 
– Filing permits 
– Warehousing equipment and Quality Assurance/Quality Control 
– Permit approval 
– Site preparation 
– Equipment delivery to site 
– Completion of site construction 
– Landscaping 
– Utility connection to the grid/inspection and any additional utility preparation including 
new transformers or upgraded substations 
– Commissioning 
 


Public version                                                                                                                                               20 
 
  Note that the length of time needed to complete each step can vary considerably across 
use cases as well as across geographies (e.g., permit approval timelines can differ substantially 
from city‐to‐city and state‐to‐state). Electrify America has already begun engaging key 
stakeholders and partners to begin implementation planning. As these relationships develop 
further, Electrify America will be able to start identifying and acquiring specific locations for 
chargers. Until vendors are contracted and the investment plan is approved, however, more 
specific site location data cannot be provided. 
 
  Development of the first station is expected to begin in Q2 2017, with the first local 
community and highway charging stations expected to be operational in Q3 2017 and Q2 2018 
respectively. The process is expected to take longer for the highway charging stations due to 
the higher charging power and more complex technical, real estate, and utility requirements 
involved. Interim milestones for each 6‐month period for the pace of network construction for 
both the highway and local community charging stations are shown in Table 5. 
 
 
TABLE 5: INTERIM INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT MILESTONES (NUMBER OF STATIONS) DURING THE FIRST 
INVESTMENT CYCLE 
  
  Electrify America has made significant progress in selecting vendors to meet these 
ambitious infrastructure build‐out schedules. To date, Electrify America has already met with a 
large number of vendors across the charging space in a series of “Vendor Days” and will 
prioritize several vendors across key procurement categories from site identification and 
acquisition to site maintenance. Note that the RFI process (shown below) is not limiting in that 
potential partners who did not participate in the RFI process may still be a part of the 
implementation moving forward when appropriate, and Electrify America will welcome such 
activities. An overview of the process is shown in Figure 8. Key steps included the following: 
 
 RFI issuance (Dec. 9th): 45+ vendors across the ZEV space sent letters requesting 
information (capabilities across the value chain, relevant experiences, and 
product/service offerings). 
 FAQ issuance (Dec. 19th): Vendor questions answered to clarify RFI where needed. 
 RFI response review (Jan. 6th): information collected and scored based on vendors’ 
capabilities, experience, and fit with Electrify America’s overall mission. This process 
Pre‐site selection In  development Operational Pre ‐site selection In  development Operational
Q2 2017 250‐300 100 ‐150 0 0 ‐50 0 ‐50 0
Q4 2017 100‐150 150 ‐200 50 ‐100 0 ‐50 0 ‐50 0
Q2 2018 01 5 0 ‐200 150 ‐200 0 50+ 0 ‐50
Q4 2018 00 ‐50 300 ‐350 0 0 ‐50 0 ‐50
Q2 2019 0 0 350+ 0 0 50+
Community‐based local network Long ‐distance highway network

Public version                                                                                                                                               21 
 
followed a rigorous, objective scoring methodology to best identify vendors positioned 
to help Electrify America. 
 Vendor Days (Jan. 17th‐19th): Detailed presentations were given by select vendors 
across procurement categories to provide qualitative highlights of their capabilities and 
future plans that Electrify America should consider in its forward planning. 
 RFP issuance (Feb. onwards): For priority procurement areas, RFPs are to be issued as 
soon as possible. 
 
 
FIGURE 8: OVERVIEW OF RFI/RFP PROCESS 
 
2.2.1.5. Maintenance plan for ZEV infrastructure 
 
  Electrify America is in the process of issuing RFPs to external vendors to ensure that 
periodic maintenance will be available across the network for 10 years after the Effective Date 
and the hardware remains operational over the entire 10 year period. Furthermore, contract 
terms negotiated after completion of the RFP process will ensure that the charging equipment 
is marked with a toll‐free customer service hotline available 24/7 and that this number will be 
answered by a live operator if any maintenance issue should arise. Additionally, service 
response time metrics will be tracked. 
 
2.2.1.6. Data collection and utilization statistics 
 


Public version                                                                                                                                               22 
 
  As part of development of the Electrify America network, a network platform services 
provider will be contracted to install backend connectivity across the chargers. Standard 
features of these network platforms, of which there are several existing in the market today, 
include utilization statistics (charging event frequency, charging event length, kWh dispensed), 
payment processing, maintenance tracking, downtime, ticket management, and a host of other 
data services. The chosen platform will be used by Electrify America to collect data and monitor 
network performance. Note that this is aligned with CARB’s Investment Plan Guidance issued in 
early February, in particular Section II.A.6 referring to data collection and reporting. 
2.2.1.6. Interoperability, open access, and competition 
 
  In order to maximize public access to its charging network, infrastructure developed by 
Electrify America will have the ability to service all plug‐in ZEVs using a reasonable mix of non‐
proprietary connectors through the support of multiple charging standards (e.g., CHAdeMO and 
CCS) across the stations. Electrify America will also work to maintain OCPP compliance and 
other measures to help maximize interoperability. 
  
  Infrastructure will also have the ability to accept multiple payment methods (e.g., 
subscriptions, mobile pay, RFID, credit cards) to simplify usage as much as possible. In 
particular, a key part of the business model will be providing true ‘pay‐as‐you‐go’ access to 
potential customers, who will be able to use a credit card or other potential payment methods 
to recharge their vehicles without having a pre‐existing relationship with a charging network 
operator. Note that there is also a disproportionate focus on publicly‐accessible infrastructure 
(e.g., highway chargers, community depots, municipal parking lots and garages) to maximize 
access as well as promote exposure as broadly as possible. 
 
  Through the support of multiple charging standards, the ability to accept multiple 
payment methods, and a strong focus on publicly‐accessible infrastructure, Electrify America 
will be building a highly interoperable network that provides access to as many consumers as 
possible. This is consistent with Electrify America’s vision to promote ‘universal access’ as much 
as possible, well beyond the standards of many current players in the industry.  
 
  Electrify America intends to work closely with existing suppliers in the charging industry 
in order to avoid duplicating their efforts and to take advantage of their knowledge and 
experience. To the extent possible, Electrify America will purchase equipment and obtain 
services from companies that are already in the business, rather than spending money to 
“reinvent the wheel.” Electrify America plans to build a charging infrastructure that is 
sustainable over the long term, which means it will operate in line with the same economic 
constraints faced by others in the charging industry. Electrify America has no incentive to 
engage in conduct that could be viewed as predatory, such as below‐cost pricing, and it will be 

Public version                                                                                                                                               23 
 
bound by the same laws governing acceptable business practices as every other company in the 
charging industry. This is aligned with CARB’s Investment Plan Guidance issued in early 
February, in particular Section II.A.7 referring to business competition and conduct. 
 
2.2.2. Green City 
 
2.2.2.1. Guiding principles 
 
  The Green City investment’s guiding principles are informed by a few key objectives. The 
Green City investment should offer a set of ZEV initiatives that are accessible to the city 
inhabitants and create a green mobility habitat. These initiatives should be leveraged to offer 
residents better quality of life through enhanced mobility and improved air quality. The 
initiatives can serve as a pilot to help spur the widespread adoption of ZEVs and mobility 
services. 
 
  In order to achieve these objectives, the Green City initiatives should be guided by a few 
key principles. The initiatives should be designed to be self‐sustainable and scalable to other 
cities in California and beyond. Initiatives should showcase innovative urban green mobility 
utilizing ZEV technology, improving public awareness and perception.  
 
2.2.2.2. Investment selection methodology 
 
  In order to determine the location of the initial Green City investments, California cities 
were evaluated across three primary dimensions:  
■ 1: City size 
■ 2: Mobility fit  
■ 3: Potential for impact 
  These criteria were selected with the assumption that ZEV car sharing would be one of 
the primary initiatives developed over the first and second 30‐month investment cycles. They 
were intended to ensure that the Green City initiatives were being developed 1) in a sizeable 
market where the initiatives could be scaled up over time, 2) in a market where there was 
demand for car sharing initiatives, suitable commute patterns, and a gap between supply of 
existing car‐sharing fleets and potential demand, and 3) in a market which had a high 
potential for impact, based on the potential of increasing ZEV access to disadvantaged 
communities, the likelihood that the initiatives would be developed in an ecosystem 
supportive of ZEV mobility, and a city with the ability to influence broader awareness in 
California, Nationally, and more broadly.  

Public version                                                                                                                                               24 
 
  City size selection criteria was first applied in order to develop a shortlist of California 
cities [Auto Bild]. The shortlist was then scored across various sub‐criteria (detailed below) 
within the mobility fit and potential impact and weighted based on relative impact of each 
sub‐criteria (see Figure 9).
 
Figure 9: Overview of city selection methodology 
 
2.2.2.3. Green City investment timeline and milestones 
  All Green City initiatives require significant lead‐time for development and preparation 
before services can be launched. Creating the foundational or supporting infrastructure to 
service these ZEVs (i.e., charging stations) will take roughly two years as it includes defining 
charging requirements, identifying charger locations, acquiring sites, developing land, installing 
chargers, testing chargers, developing battery backup and solar energy generation, 
collaborating with local utilities, etc. before use. 
  In addition to developing the infrastructure, each Green City initiative must be planned 
and set up appropriately in order to ensure successful launch and operation of services, which 
could take up to two years. Such preparation could include securing city support (e.g., 
operational permits, parking permits), establishing contracts with vendors (e.g., garage owners, 
maintenance providers), developing software (e.g., backend, customer‐facing app), placing 
orders for equipment (e.g., ZEVs, custom hardware), and identifying and hiring staff (e.g., 
customer support). 


Public version                                                                                                                                               25 
 
  Once a Green City initiative has its supporting infrastructure established and planning 
and preparation are complete, the service can begin operations. Features of launching and 
operating the service could include deploying the ZEVs, incorporating feedback from various 
stakeholders (e.g., customers, city officials), and continuing to refine the business model in 
order to ensure longer‐term sustainability. 
  Given the development and preparation required by Green City initiatives and the 
investment trade‐offs between Green City and Infrastructure funding, the first Green City’s 
initiatives are planned to begin development and initial launch during the first 30‐month 
investment cycle (i.e., late 2017). For planning purposes, Electrify America has developed plans 
for launching the ZEV car‐sharing service and ZEV delivery fleet described above. Technology 
will be evolving over this period with mobility patterns and platforms evolving and being 
adopted at different rates and the Green City initiatives will be refined over this time to 
maximize access, utilization, and the overall sustainability of each of the initiatives. 
  Preparation for the first Green City will include building roughly 50 electric vehicle 
chargers to support the ZEV car‐sharing initiative and 26 DCFC chargers to support the ZEV 
delivery fleet. Chargers to support both initiatives are planned to begin site identification by Q3 
2017, start construction of the first stations by Q1 2018, and complete construction of all 
chargers by the end of Q4 2019. 
 
2.2.3. Public Education 
  
2.2.3.1. Investment selection methodology 
  
  Total spend allocation within the first 30 month investment cycle for education will be 
approximately $20 million in California ($43‐50 million nationally). This spend will be allocated 
across multiple media channels to reach consumers at critical touchpoints based on their 
consumption habits, as shown in Figure 10. 

Public ve
FIGURE 10
 
2.2.3.2. S
 
  B
develope
overcom
help con
s
infrastru
 
  A
more det
the mess
advertisi
various p
ersion            
0: OVERVIEW O
Specific desc
ased on seg
ed a compre
ing barriers 
sumers see t
cture netwo
A preliminary
tailed view o
saging will be
ng channels
platforms to 
                     
OF GENERAL M
ription of inv
mentation a
hensive plan
to ZEV adop
that ZEVs no
orks grow fur
y illustration
of this is still
e split acros
 including di
further spre
                     
EDIA CONSUM
vestments 
analysis and 
n to deliver m
ption. Media
ot only meet
rther, adopt
 of this 360 
 under deve
s traditional
igital radio, s
ead messagi
                      
MPTION HABITS 
consumer m
messaging a
a will be used
t the majorit
tion barriers 
degree mess
elopment by 
 advertising
social media
ng. 
                     
 
media consu
against both 
d to put ZEV
ty of their ne
 continue to
saging is sum
 the creative
g channels lik
a, websites, 
                     
mption hab
ZEV benefit
Vs on big stag
eeds today, 
o be reduced
mmarized in
e and media
ke TV, target
and partner
                     
its, we have
ts and 
ges in order
but also, as 
d. 
n Figure 11. A
a agencies, b
ted digital 
rships with 
     26 
 
 
 
 to 
A 
but 


Public ve
 
FIGURE 11
 
  In
strategy 
sustained
principle
 
ersion            
1: PRELIMINAR
n order to qu
was develop
d messaging
s can be see
                     
RY MULTI‐CHAN
uickly maxim
ped. This allo
g in top high 
en in Figure 1
                     
NNEL APPROAC
mize messagi
ows for a qu
potential ZE
12. 
                      
CH TO REACH C
ing presence
uick ramp‐up
EV markets. 
                     
CONSUMERS AT
e, a coordina
p across the 
An overview
                     
T CRITICAL TOU
ated Nationa
country, fol
w of these pl
                     
UCHPOINTS 
al/Local med
lowed by 
lanning 
     27 
 
 
dia 


Public ve
FIGURE 12
  
2.2.3.3. P
  
  E
creative 
of ZEVs),
of media
  
2.2.4. P
  
  Ex
access an
increase 
without h
informat
 
2.3. An
 
ersion            
2: PRELIMINAR
Public educa
lectrify Ame
content bas
and creativ
 planning by
ublic acces
xperiential i
nd exposure
the public’s
having to pu
ion will be p
nticipated
                     
RY NATIONAL A
tion timeline
erica has hire
ed on the se
e concepts s
y summer. 
ss initiative
nitiatives lik
 for as many
awareness 
urchase a ve
provided in f
d Creditab
                     
AND LOCAL MED
e and milest
ed an outsid
egmentation
should be fin
es 
ke ride‐and‐d
y Californian
of and acces
hicle. Option
future report
ble Costs 
                      
DIA PLANNING 
ones 
e creative ag
n analysis (hi
nalized in the
drive events 
ns as possible
ss to ZEVs an
ns here are c
ting cycles. 
                     
 PRINCIPLES 
gency to ref
ighlighting th
e next mont
are being p
e. The purpo
nd allow the
currently be
                     
fine the bran
he most imp
th, followed 
lanned to he
ose of these 
em to experi
eing explored
 
                     
nd‐neutral 
pactful bene
by finalizati
elp increase 
activities is 
ence ZEVs 
d, and updat
     28 
 
 
efits 
on 
ZEV 
to 
ted 


Public version                                                                                                                                               29 
 
  Creditable costs for the first 30‐month investment cycle have been identified across the 
twelve categories specified in §2.5.3 of Appendix C. The creditable costs reflect Electrify 
America’s current perspective and best estimate of anticipated costs, but are subject to change 
as the business continues to develop (e.g., vendors identified, full organization hired, office 
lease signed) and actual costs are incurred. Which costs incurred by Electrify America are 
creditable costs is determined by the Final California Creditable Cost Guidance submitted to 
CARB in February 2017. 
 
  Specific creditable costs that fall within the taxes and governmental fees line item have 
not yet been identified and will be detailed in future Annual ZEV Investment Reports. Utility 
costs are detailed separately for Infrastructure and Green City investments. Services provided 
through SLAs (Service Level Agreements) between Electrify America and other Volkswagen 
group companies include finance, tax, treasury, human resources, legal, and purchasing. As the 
vast majority of creditable costs are driven by goods and services obtained pursuant to third‐
party contracts, additional detail has been provided for major investment categories (i.e., 
Infrastructure, Green City, Education/Access, Outreach, other Overhead).  
 
 
2.4. Advancement of ZEV technology in the United States 
 
  The activities described in the California ZEV investment plan are designed to promote 
and support the increased use of ZEV technology in a number of ways: 
 
– The ZEV infrastructure plan is designed to increase the use of ZEVs in California. The 
support of multiple use cases in the local community network and the spatial coverage 
of the highway network are intended to reduce range anxiety, which is cited as a 
primary barrier to ZEV adoption by prospective buyers. 
 
– The gap between the current existing energy supplied by charging infrastructure and 
the projected demand calculated in the ZEV infrastructure investment selection 
methodology illustrates there is a clearly existing present and projected need for the 
additional ZEV charging infrastructure that the Electrify America network will help 
satisfy. As part of this, it is important to note that Electrify America accounted for 
existing infrastructure on prioritized highways and in prioritized metros. 
 
– Electrify America will build charging stations in the areas of highest ZEV demand, where 
there is the highest likelihood of utilization and provides accessibility/availability 
where most needed and most likely to be regularly used. 
 

Public version                                                                                                                                               30 
 
– The ZEV infrastructure is intended for, and compatible with ZEV technologies that are 
not limited to ones supported by VW group brands. Instead, the goal is to promote 
universal access to the extent possible. In particular, multiple technologies (L2, DCFC) 
and multiple non‐proprietary connectors and charging protocols (e.g., CHAdeMO, CCS) 
will be offered to maximize public access to Electrify America’s charging infrastructure. 
 
– The combination of the above factors will help to support and/or advance the market 
penetration of ZEVs in the US and help to build positive awareness of ZEVs. 
 
2.5. Certification of activities 
 
  Electrify America certifies that none of the activities described in the ZEV investment 
plan described above was/is: 
 
– approved by the Board of Management prior to September 18, 2015 
 
– required by a contract entered prior to the date of lodging of the Consent Decree 
 
– a part of a joint effort with other automobile manufacturers to create ZEV 
infrastructure 
 
– required to be performed by any federal, state, or local law, or anticipate will be 
required to perform during the planned 30‐month period 
 
– inclusive of funding for research 
 
2.6. Supporting literature 
 
  In developing the methodology for the California ZEV Investment Plan, a number of 
sources from peer‐reviewed academic literature, government, and industry were used. 
Important data and information from these sources was used to ensure that, in developing our 
plan, the investments have the highest likelihood of increasing the use of ZEVs in the U.S., 
address a clearly existing need, have a high likelihood of utilization and provide accessibility 
where most needed, support the market penetration of ZEVs, and help build positive 
awareness for ZEVs. For example, in developing our local community‐based charger plan, a 
number of sources providing information on major U.S. metropolitan areas were used to 
determine the suitability of investment needed across metro areas, allowing us to select metros 
with the most significant need for investment in ZEV infrastructure. By doing this, the 

Public version                                                                                                                                               31 
 
methodology is selecting for those areas where there is a clearly existing need and where 
stations are most likely to be highly utilized.  
 
A selection of key sources used is included below: 
 
Auto Bild. http://www.autobild.de/artikel/car2go‐gibt‐gruendungsstandort‐ulm‐auf‐
5419106.html 
 
California Center for Sustainable Energy. California plug‐in electric vehicle driver survey results. 
Mar 2013. 
 
Clark‐Sutton, Kyle, Siddiki, Saba, Carley, Sanya, Wanner, Celeste, Rupp, John, and Graham, John 
D. (2016). Plug‐in electric vehicle readiness: Rating cities in the United States. The 
Electricity Journal, 29, 1, 30‐40. 
 
Dale Kardos and Associates. EV incentives by state Q2 2016 update. 
 
Edison Electric Institute (2016). EV market assessment and survey narrative summary. This was 
commissioned by us! 
 
Esri street data. Esri GIS mapping software. 
 
Experian (estimated 2020 total vehicles by CBSA). http://www.experian.com/automotive/auto‐
vehicle‐data.html 
 
Factiva press search or market reports on EV incentives / regulations. http://global.factiva.com 
 
FHWA (annual miles driven), https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/ohim/onh00/bar8.htm 
 
FHWA Traveler Analysis Framework (high traffic long‐distance routes between CBSAs), 
https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policyinformation/analysisframework/01.cfm 
 
ICCT (International Council on Clean Transportation). “Assessment of leading electric vehicle 
promotion activities in United States cities.” White paper (2015). 
 
Idaho National Laboratory (2015). Plugged in: How Americans charge their electric vehicles – 
findings from the largest plug‐in electric vehicle infrastructure demonstration in the 
world. 
 

Public version                                                                                                                                               32 
 
IHS Markit (2016). “Alternative powertrain forecasts: USA market framework factors impacting 
electrification.” Prepared for VW AG – K – GVS – V3. 
 
Kneebone, Elizabeth, & Holmes, Natalie (2015). The growing distance between people and jobs 
in metropolitan America. Washington D.C.: Brookings Institute, Metropolitan Policy 
Program. 
 
Kwan, Irene, Lutsey, Nic, Slowik, Peter, & Lingzhi, Jin (2016). Identifying the leading regional 
electric vehicle markets in the United States. International Council on Clean 
Transportation, working paper 2016‐20. 
 
Lutsey, Nic, Searle, Stephanie, Chambliss, Sarah, & Bandivadekar, Anup (2015). Assessment of 
leading electric vehicle promotion activities in United States cities. International Council 
on Clean Transportation, white paper.  
 
Melaina, Marc, & Helwig, Michael (2014). California statewide plug‐in electric vehicle 
infrastructure assessment. Golden: National Renewable Energy Laboratory, Alternative 
and renewable fuel and vehicle technology program final project report. 
 
Morsy, Salim (2016). Peak demand charges and DC fast charging – cost structures and 
commercial viability. Bloomberg New Energy Finance. 
 
Plugshare (existing charger locations and counts), http://www.plugshare.com/ 
 
Searle, Stephanie, Pavlenko, Nikita, & Lutsey, Nic (2016). Leading edge of electric vehicle 
market development in the United States: an analysis of California cities. International 
Council on Clean Transportation, white paper. 
 
Shepard, Scott, & Jerram, Lisa (2016). Electric vehicle geographic forecasts – battery and plug‐in 
hybrid electric vehicle sales and populations in North America. Boulder: Navigant 
Research. 
 
Supercharge.info (location of fast charger stations), https://supercharge.info/ 
 
US Census Bureau (population statistics), https://www.census.gov/ 
 
US Department of Energy (2015). Workplace charging challenge – mid‐program review: 
employees plug‐in. 
 

Public version                                                                                                                                               33 
 
US Department of Energy. Workplace Charging Challenge: Workplace PEV Ride and Drive, 
https://energy.gov/eere/vehicles/workplace‐charging‐challenge‐workplace‐pev‐ride‐
and‐drive  
 
US Energy Information Administration (nationwide electricity prices), 
http://www.eia.gov/electricity/data/browser/ 
 
US Department of Transportation (2003). NHTS 2001 Highlights Report. Washington D.C.: 
Bureau of Transportation Statistics. 
 
US Department of Transportation (2011). Summary of travel trends – 2009 national household 
travel survey. Washington D.C.: Federal Highway Administration. 
 
US Utility Rate Database (URDB; utility rate plan information), 
http://en.openei.org/wiki/Utility_Rate_Database

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/renewable-energy/

Frequently Asked Questions About Renewable Energy & Sustainability
A solar canopy is a covering structure that holds solar panels and offers protection from the weather.
Today, Electrify America’s 100% solar-powered chargers offer Level 2 speeds, charging capable vehicles at a maximum rate of 3.3 kW.
Charging stations equipped with solar canopies integrate with the local electrical grid (and, in some locations, on-site energy storage) to help us deliver DC fast charging.
You can also find each charger’s maximum rate by checking the Electrify America app or the charger’s screen.
Currently, all Electrify America charging stations with solar features (both the fully solar stations and our on-site solar canopy) are located in California.
You can learn more about solar energy and photovoltaics for your home and other uses by visiting the U.S. Department of Energy’s website.
The electrical grid in each region of the U.S. puts out differing emission levels. This often varies by time of day and weather conditions, which may influence renewable energy generation. To see emissions in your ZIP code, visit the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Power Profiler.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://electrifyamerica.com/careers/

Help Us Build the Future of Mobility
We’re growing the largest open Hyper-Fast charging network. We’re always looking for smart, hardworking and passionate people to join our efforts to bring freedom to EV drivers across the country.
We’re growing the largest open Hyper-Fast charging network. We’re always looking for smart, hardworking and passionate people to join our efforts to bring freedom to EV drivers across the country.
At Electrify America, we believe in inclusivity and diversity. Our “room for all” mindset is central to our core beliefs, and a part of our larger mission. You’ll see this reflected across our people, programs, and products.
Electrify America team members are trailblazers. They are motivated and committed to achieving their goals. They are compassionate and supportive of one another. And they are encouraged to bring their authentic and unique selves to work every day.
Our employee-driven Diversity and Inclusion Committee serves as a resource to continually empower Electrify America team members to drive change. The committee supports talent acquisition and corporate social responsibility activities, and ensures best practices are considered in all marketing and advertising content.
We believe electric vehicles should be accessible to all. Electrify America’s commitment to expanding zero emission vehicle (ZEV) education and awareness has a clear focus on low-income and disadvantaged communities. We support programs dedicated to expanding access to affordable and sustainable transportation options in these communities.
Electrify America’s public, commercial charging solutions are enabling the future of electric mobility, for all types of EV drivers. Our public network offers both CCS and CHAdeMO connectors, with Level 2 chargers at select locations as well. Overall, we’re focused on identifying – and solving – the needs of EV drivers everywhere, and our charging stations are compatible with almost every EV model on the road.
We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to help our team members thrive and grow. Some of the many benefits we provide to our full-time employees include:
We value education at every stage of life – which is why we offer contributions toward student loan repayments and undergraduate and graduate tuition expenses for eligible employees. We also provide and encourage continual training for a variety of business and soft skills, both onsite and virtually.
We work with our employees on an individual basis to define how, when, and where work is performed. While this varies based on department and role, we believe in supporting the needs of all employees so they can perform to the best of their abilities.
We support our employees’ physical and mental wellbeing with insurance coverage options for medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision expenses, and the option to enroll in a tax-free Health Savings Account.
Our paid maternity and paid non-primary caregiver leave for eligible employees allows new parents – whether birth or adoptive – the time to bond with and care for their new child.
Check out our current job opportunities.
Electrify America is an equal opportunity employer.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------