ROOT: https://sunation.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:37:14.893919Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 25

================================================================================

URL: https://sunation.com/

How Net Metering For Solar Energy Works in Florida
Sun-soaked Florida has seen some of the fastest growth in the adoption of rooftop solar. One of the drivers
Take control of your energy!
Maximize your roof or land!
Keep your home powered on!
Protect what matters most!
SUNation Energy is proud to be a top solar and energy installer throughout the Long Island area. Since 2003, SUNation has served more than 9,000 homeowners and building owners in the region, installing the most current and efficient solar panels and battery technology. We stand out based on our professionalism, personalized customer experience, and constant drive to reach peak customer satisfaction. We are proud to live, work, and give back in local communities like Suffolk County, Nassau County, Queens, Brooklyn, and Staten Island. Our team works daily to ensure that the Long Island area can thrive for future generations using clean and effective solar power. Installing a solar panel system involves no upfront costs and can help you drastically decrease your energy costs.
Long Island residents and business owners have recognized SUNation as the top solar and battery storage company for 20+ years running and we’re proud to continue serving the region for years to come.
PSEG Long Island is encouraging ratepayers to adjust their energy habits to align with new Time-of-Day rates, helping to create a more sustainable energy future. Simple changes like running appliances in the morning or night, pre-cooling your home before peak hours in warmer months, and charging your electric vehicle overnight can make a big impact.
Investing in solar battery storage allows you to store excess energy and use it during higher-rate periods, while smart home devices can be programmed to operate during Off-Peak hours, maximizing efficiency and savings.
SUNation Energy offers a wide variety of solar power and sustainable solutions to help you take control of your home or business’ energy!
Embark on your solar journey with SUNation Energy, where we are there to guide you every step of the way!
Meet with a SUNation solar specialist and learn your solar options!
Inspection of your property to come up with system design!
Lock in your custom solar system that is fit for your exact needs!
The SUNation Install Crew comes out and installs your equipment!
Watch as your system produces energy and your electric bill decreases!
At SUNation we’re happy to help homeowners in our neighborhoods take control of their energy bills with solar. Our team comes from all over Long Island and several New York City boroughs, and so do our customers. We are currently providing solar services to the following counties and boroughs.
Since SUNation was founded in 2003, our solar company has continued to hold the top spot in the Long Island solar power industry. We pride ourselves on the quality of work and customer experience we are able to provide across all of Long Island. We professionally install the highest quality and most durable solar panels and equipment using top solar brands.
Our mission is to make Long Island a better place to live for generations to come through clean, efficient solar power.
We are here to serve you, providing exceptional solar installation services on Long Island that empower you to take control of your energy needs.
Experience professional and dedicated service from our team of solar energy experts at SUNation Energy!
Stay ahead with cutting edge solar technology and solutions from SUNation Energy!
Trust our certified solar experts to design, install, and maintain your solar power system with precision and expertise!
Experience unparalleled support for your solar energy system even after installation with SUNation Service!
Connect with us today and discover the power of clean, sustainable energy solutions. Contact us to schedule a consultation, request a quote, or learn more about our solar panel installations, battery storage systems, EV Charging , Roofing, or any of our other offerings
Sun-soaked Florida has seen some of the fastest growth in the adoption of rooftop solar. One of the drivers
In the chilly embrace of winter, the question often arises: Do solar panels still work effectively in the winter
With home electricity prices skyrocketing (+11% from June 2022 to June 2023 in New York), there has never been
In the sunshine state of Florida, sunlight is abundant year-round, so why not harness it? Solar energy has become
Suffolk Home Improvement – 44104-H l Nassau County Home Improvement – H2409230000 l NYC Consumer Affairs – 1431197-DCA l FL License – CVC57050

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/team/

About the SUNation Leadership Team
Get to Know Our Team Who Lead The Way!
About the SUNation Leadership Team
Dedicated and fully committed, the SUNation Energy team consists of a talented and resourceful group of professionals. Most of the staff have been involved in the solar industry for 10, 15, or 20 years or more, and we pride ourselves in furthering our education in solar technology and being knowledgeable about the latest techniques, products and installation.
Our staff is supported by a strong leadership team and we’re advocates of ongoing training in solar energy and extensive quality control. What’s more, SUNation Energy employees actively participate in community events and we volunteer our time and efforts towards many different causes in the Long Island area.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/corporate/

Have questions or need more information about SUNation Energy, Inc.? Contact us today, and a representative will reach out to assist you.
An Important Message From Scott Maskin, CEO of SUNation Energy, Inc.
In his latest video update, SUNation Energy’s CEO Scott Maskin shares the latest news on the company, as well as his analysis of the trends that the solar industry experienced in 2024 and where it is headed in 2025. You can watch below:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ir.sunation.com/

Now Available – New Form 8937 Related to Taxability of CVRs Here
Latest News
Latest Financial Results
Q3 2025
Quarter Ended September 30, 2025
Latest Annual Filing
For Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2024
Report Links
Email Alerts
Sign up today and receive company updates straight to your inbox.
Company Overview
SUNation Energy Inc. is focused on growing leading local and regional solar, storage, and energy services companies nationwide. Our vision is to power the energy transition through grass-roots growth of solar electricity paired with battery storage. Our portfolio of brands, SUNation Energy, Hawaii Energy Connection, E-Gear, provide homeowners and businesses of all sizes with an end-to-end product offering spanning solar, battery storage, and grid services.
IR Contacts
Company
SUNation Energy, Inc.
171 Remington Blvd
Ronkonkoma, NY 11779
T: 952-996-1674
F: 952-941-2322
Investor Relations
Jim Brennan
COO/CFO
171 Remington Blvd
Ronkonkoma, NY 11779
IR@sunation.com
Transfer Agent
Equiniti Trust Company
1110 Centre Pointe Curve
Suite 101
South St. Paul, MN 55120

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ir.sunation.com/company-information/contacts

Investor Relations
Jim Brennan
COO/CFO
171 Remington Blvd
Ronkonkoma, NY 11779
IR@sunation.com
Transfer Agent
Equiniti Trust Company
1110 Centre Pointe Curve
Suite 101
South St. Paul, MN 55120
Auditor
CBIZ CPAs P.C.
Legal Counsel
Rimon P.C.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ir.sunation.com/company-information/management-team

Scott Maskin
Chief Executive Officer, Director
Scott Maskin co-founded SUNation Solar Systems in 2003. As the company operations leader, his hands-on approach has driven SUNation’s growth and branding. Scott has a PhD from the School of Hard knocks. From 1980-1987 Scott traveled as an electrician and pyrotechnician for large touring musical, theatrical and industrial tours. Post 1987, Scott worked as a traditional electrician and obtained his Master Electrician’s license in 1994 and went out on his own. The next 18 years were filled with countless electrical and general contracting projects including hotels, large retail box stores, restaurants and thousands of residential installations.
James Brennan
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
Jim is a military veteran, experienced entrepreneur and investment banker with a strong record of results-driven business execution and deal making, which includes twenty-five years of experience in strategy, corporate / business development, sales and marketing management and international business. Jim has successfully led three turn-around projects; founded several companies; and led the acquisition or sale of numerous companies. He earned a MBA (Finance) degree from New York University, a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from Cornell University, and an Associate degree in Engineering Science from Farmingdale University.
Kristin A. Hlavka
Chief Accounting Officer
Kristin A. Hlavka was appointed corporate controller of Pineapple Energy in March 2022. Previously, she served as corporate controller of Communications Systems, Inc. May 2011 to its merger with Pineapple Energy in March 2022. From July 2008 to April 2011, she served as the assistant corporate controller of Communications Systems. Prior to July 2008, she was an auditor for Deloitte and Touche LLP.
Erin MacGrady
Vice President of Corporate Human Resources
Erin MacGrady is responsible for recruiting, interviewing, and hiring of new staff, as well as overseeing the current staff in both New York and Hawaii. Erin is a seasoned HR professional, bringing over 30 years of experience to SUNation Energy, Inc. In her last role, she was the Regional HR Business Partner at Belk Department Stores with nearly 300 locations.
John Mucci
General Manager of New York Operations
John Mucci, SUNation’s General Manager of New York Operations, brings with him over 30 years of experience of leadership, executing strategic initiatives and establishing key alliances and relationships. Previously at SUNation, he worked as the company’s Chief Operating Officer and General Manager of Commercial Solar.
Prior to SUNation, he worked as the Chief Operating Officer for Rochem International, Inc. for 11 years where he specialized in new business development, strategic planning, automation during their growth from $3MM to $88MM in revenue. In addition, John was an executive at Festo for 10 years and helped them grow from $18MM to $1.5B in revenue.
Chris DeBone
General Manager, Hawaii Operations
Chris DeBone co-founded Hawaii Energy Connection in 2007 and E-Gear in 2015. He has previously served as President of Distributed Energy Resources Council of Hawaii (DERC) and of Hawaii Solar Energy Association (HSEA). Chris is a nationally recognized subject matter expert in energy management software and hardware technology.
Mitch Sommer
Corporate Controller
Mitch Sommer received his BBA in Public Accounting from Hofstra University. He brings to SUNation Energy over 20 years of experience in the accounting field. He spent 4 years in the U.S. Army Reserve, Army Medical Corps and works as a Nassau County Auxiliary Police Officer. He is married and has a daughter. As a musician, he plays keyboards, guitar, and drums.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ir.sunation.com/company-information/presentations

Open Menu
Let's Go Solar!
Presentations
Investors
Investors
Overview
News & Events
Overview
Press Releases
IR Calendar
Email Alerts
Company Info
Overview
Management Team
Presentations
Contacts
FAQ
Financial Info
Overview
Financial Results
Income Statement
Balance Sheet
Cash Flow
CVR
Stock Data
Quote
Charts
Historical Data
SEC Filings
Overview
All SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Quarterly Reports
Section 16 Filings
Governance
Overview
Board of Directors
Board Committees
Governance Documents
Board Diversity Matrix
Dec 22, 2025
SUNation Energy Investor Presentation
rss_feed
RSS
Email Alerts
Contacts
RSS News Feed

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ir.sunation.com/news-events/press-releases/detail/112/sunation-energy-reminds-investors-of-2025-third-quarter

SUNation Energy Reminds Investors of 2025 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call Scheduled for November 17, 2025
RONKONKOMA, N.Y., Nov. 13, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- SUNation Energy, Inc. (Nasdaq: SUNE) (“the Company”), a leading provider of sustainable solar energy and backup power solutions for households, businesses, and municipalities, today reminded investors that it will host a conference call on Monday, November 17, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. ET to discuss results for the third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2025.
Interested parties may participate in the call by dialing:
USA & Canada: (800) 715-9871
International: (646) 307-1963
Passcode: 7715344
The conference call will also be accessible via the Investor Relations section of the Company’s web site at https://ir.sunation.com/news-events or via this link: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/sujaszqv. Questions may be submitted in advance to ir@sunation.com with the subject line “Third Quarter 2025 Questions.”
2025 Third Quarter Results Overview
The Company’s 2025 third quarter results were issued on November 10, 2025 and can be accessed here. Select highlights of the third quarter included:
- Sales Increased 29% to $19.0 Million
- Gross Profit Rose to $7.2 Million; Gross Margin Improved to 38%
- Net Loss Narrowed to $0.4 Million
- Adjusted EBITDA Improved to $898,000
- Unrestricted Cash Rose to $5.4 Million – Highest Level Since 2022
- Total Debt Declined 59% from December 31, 2024
The Company also reiterated its previously issued financial guidance for the full year ending December 31, 2025.
About SUNation Energy, Inc.
SUNation Energy, Inc. is focused on growing leading local and regional solar, storage, and energy services companies nationwide. Our vision is to power the energy transition through grass-roots growth of solar electricity paired with battery storage. Our portfolio of brands (SUNation, Hawaii Energy Connection, E-Gear) provide homeowners and businesses of all sizes with an end-to-end product offering spanning solar, battery storage, and grid services. SUNation Energy, Inc.’s largest markets include New York, Florida, and Hawaii, and the company operates in three (3) states.
Forward Looking Statements
Our prospects here at SUNation Energy Inc. are subject to uncertainties and risks. This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934. The Company intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbor provided by the foregoing Sections. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the expectations or forecasts of future events, can be affected by inaccurate assumptions, and are subject to various business risks and known and unknown uncertainties, a number of which are beyond the control of management. Therefore, actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation. The Company cannot predict or determine after the fact what factors would cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements or other statements.
The reader should consider statements that include the words "believes", "expects", "anticipates", "intends", "estimates", "plans", "projects", "should", or other expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events or trends, to be uncertain and forward-looking. We caution readers not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements. The Company does not undertake to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional information respecting factors that could materially affect the Company and its operations are contained in the Company's filings with the SEC which can be found on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.
| Contacts: | |
| Scott Maskin Chief Executive Officer +1 (631) 350-9340 smaskin@sunation.com SUNation Energy Investor Relations IR@sunation.com |
Source: SUNation Energy, Inc.
Released November 13, 2025

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ir.sunation.com/company-information/faq

- What is SUNation Energy, Inc.'s stock symbol?
Our stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the symbol SUNE.
- When was Pineapple Energy Inc. incorporated?
SUNation Energy, Inc. was incorporated in November 2024. Previously, the company was named Pineapple Energy Inc. and was incorporated in 1969 as Communications Systems, Inc. in Minnesota.
- Where is SUNation Energy, Inc. located?
171 Remington Blvd
Ronkonkoma, NY 11779- When is SUNation Energy, Inc.'s fiscal year end?
December 31st
- Who is SUNation Energy, Inc.’s transfer agent?
Equiniti Trust Company
1110 Centre Pointe Curve
Suite 101
South St. Paul, MN 55120- Who is SUNation Energy, Inc.’s independent auditor?
CBIZ CPAs P.C.
- Who is SUNation Energy, Inc’s outside legal counsel?
Rimon P.C.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://ir.sunation.com/company-information

SUNation Energy Inc. is focused on growing leading local and regional solar, storage, and energy services companies nationwide. Our vision is to power the energy transition through grass-roots growth of solar electricity paired with battery storage. Our portfolio of brands, SUNation Energy, Hawaii Energy Connection, E-Gear, provide homeowners and businesses of all sizes with an end-to-end product offering spanning solar, battery storage, and grid services.
Company Profile
Latest Presentation
Industry Classifications
Sector:
Utilities
NAICS:
Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors (238210)
SIC:
Electric Power Systems Contractors (17310100)
Contact Information
Investor Relations
Jim Brennan
COO/CFO
171 Remington Blvd
Ronkonkoma, NY 11779
IR@sunation.com
Company Contact
SUNation Energy, Inc.
171 Remington Blvd
Ronkonkoma, NY 11779
T: 952-996-1674
F: 952-941-2322

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/residential/

To big solar companies, you are just a number, coordinates on a map, kilowatts on a meter. SUNation Energy is a locally-owned residential solar installation company on Long Island. Our kids go to the same schools yours do. Our salespeople, engineers, and installers all live in your towns. Our only loyalty is to you – and the more than 9,000 Long Islanders who’ve trusted us with their solar installations since 2003.
You know where we live – and we’d love to know where you live, so we can show you how much you can save by getting your own SUNation solar power system installed on your roof.
We’ll give you four big reasons to make the investment and get a high-quality solar panel system installed on your roof:
SUNation offers residential solar financing which makes going solar even more affordable.
Of course, these savings depend on the weather, system design, household energy usage and more… but our friendly SUNation team can help you estimate your solar savings!
Take Advantage of Clean Energy Savings with the New York State Solar Tax Credit! Earn a 25% Tax Credit on Solar Installations, Saving Up to $5,000! Embrace Sustainable Living and Reduce Your Carbon Footprint while Enjoying Generous Financial Incentives – terms and conditions apply.
Homeowners in Suffolk County, Nassau County, Queens, Brooklyn, and Staten Island can get solar power at a reasonable price thanks to SUNation’s financing options. We provide several different financing alternatives in order to bring affordable solar to your roof.
Our residential solar specialists on Long Island will work together with you to find a financing option that works best for your needs!
When battery storage is added to your solar panel system, you are ensuring that your home stays powered on during times of extreme weather and power outages. With automatic outage detection, battery storage systems take control and start powering your home without any delay.
Create peace of mind that all of your essential appliances will be running when you need them most.
Level-2 home EV chargers allow you the ability to have one of the best charging experiences from the comfort of your house. You will never have to worry about finding an outlet or charging station again.
Through the use of world-class apps, you will now be able to monitor the status of your current charge and when your charge is complete, you will be notified right away.
We pride ourselves on our commitment to quality workmanship and customer satisfaction. We offer a wide range of roofing services, including installation, repair, and maintenance for residential homes. Our team of skilled professionals has the expertise and knowledge to handle any roofing project.
We use only the highest quality materials and the latest techniques to ensure that your roof is durable, reliable, and long-lasting.
Since 2003, SUNation has installed over 9,000 solar panel and battery storage systems across Suffolk County, Nassau County, Queens, Brooklyn, and Staten Island. We take immense pride in being the trusted choice for solar panels and home battery storage systems!
Our residential installation map proudly displays the locations of thousands of satisfied homeowners who are now enjoying the benefits of cleaner and more affordable energy. By harnessing the power of the sun, these homeowners have taken control of their energy costs and significantly reduced their monthly electricity expenses.
We are local Long Island area people, just like you. We are the exact opposite of some of the big solar companies that have big marketing campaigns to pay for and venture investors to reward. We treat you as our neighbor, not a number, and that is why we are the #1 solar panel installer in the Long Island area. It is the reason our customers give us such rave views, visit our accolades and customer reviews section to see for yourself.
SUNation offers home solar solutions to suit all budgets and applications. Our attractive, economically compelling home solar panels systems are complete packages:
Suffolk Home Improvement – 44104-H l Nassau County Home Improvement – H2409230000 l NYC Consumer Affairs – 1431197-DCA l FL License – CVC57050

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/discover-solar/

Solar panels are composed of photovoltaic (PV) cells that absorb and convert sunlight in direct current (DC) electricity.
An inverter converts this DC electricity into alternating current (AC) electricity used to power your home.
Excess energy produced is sent to the utility grid, and during times of under production such as at night. electricity is drawn from the grid. Excess energy is banked as energy credits that are applied towards your electric bill.
Based on your energy consumption and the size of your solar system, your electric costs can decrease by as much as 50-100 percent!
With an increased demand for sustainable energy sources, adding solar to your home increases its value, allowing you to sell at a higher price compared to traditional electric counterparts.
As a renewable resource, solar energy significantly decreases carbon emissions. Help make Long Island a cleaner place to live for generations to come.
Voted the number one solar-installation company on Long Island for fourteen years running, SUNation delivers a brilliant bundle of benefits you can take to the bank, including:
SUNation solar system owners spend far less on electricity than those that do not have a solar system. More than just bringing your utility bill down to a tiny fraction of what it once was, a solar system creates less demand for fossil-fuel-generated power.
With the low-interest solar financing options currently available, SUNation’s customers benefit from positive cash flow right away. More important, SUNation’s solar PV systems are guaranteed to make clean, renewable energy for 25+ years.
Our satisfied Long Island customers save big in another way: their homes appreciate in value. Owning a SUNation system – and not leasing from Big Solar companies – increases the value of your home!
Since 2003, SUNation has installed more than 8,500 efficient solar power systems to satisfy residential and commercial Long Island customers’ monthly electricity bills. We’d love to show you how SUNation can bring you all the benefits of solar power. Call us today to get started, or click the link below.
Suffolk Home Improvement – 44104-H l Nassau County Home Improvement – H2409230000 l NYC Consumer Affairs – 1431197-DCA l FL License – CVC57050

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/time-of-day/

Time-of-Day Rates on Long Island
Your Go-To Resource on all Things Time-of-Day Rates from PSEG-LI*
pseg-li time-of-day rates
What To Know About Time-Of-Day Rates
PSEG Long Island is offering ratepayers the chance to manage their electricity costs with the new Time-of-Day (TOD) Rate Plan. This information is sourced from the utility, and may be subject to change – so be sure to check in often for the latest updates!
The Time-Of-Day plan adapts energy pricing based on daily demand patterns, offering higher rates on weekdays from 3 p.m. to 7 p.m. – recognized as peak hours – when energy demand typically peaks. The remaining hours, including evenings, weekends, and federal holidays, feature off-peak rates, providing you with a cost-efficient timeframe for your electricity usage needs.
For MOST solar customers, it makes sense to OPT-OUT of Time-Of-Day rates.
If you choose to be a Time-Of-Day ratepayer, you will have to manually apply your energy credits each month, so be sure to confirm on your utility bill that your household is on Rate 180 or Rate 180D. These rate tiers help you realize the maximum savings benefits of solar! If you are already on Time-Of-Day (Rate 194), you can easily switch back by calling the utility’s customer service center.
If you want to know if Time-Of-Day is right for YOUR home, feel free to call SUNation’s Service Department at 631-750-9454 (ext. 3), and we’ll be happy to help!
Purpose Behind PSEG-LI's Rate Changes
Why Is PSEG-LI Implementing Time-of-Day Rates?
Peak pricing occurs due to the necessity of the utility to acquire extra energy generation resources for fulfilling electrical grid requirements. The introduction of Time-of-Day rates offers a solution to mitigate electrical grid strain during such periods.
time-of-day rates Are Coming
The Timeline for PSEG-LI’s Time-Of-Day Roll Out
Voluntary Enrollment
All residential PSEG-LI customers will now have the option to voluntarily enroll in the new Time-of-Day rates.
Time-of-Day Standardization
Newly metered customers will be enrolled in off-peak rate 194, while the standard flat rate 180 remains available.
Initial
Enrollment
Over 30,000 PSEG-LI customers will be shifted to off-peak rates, including a mix of low income, EV, and solar customers.
Ongoing
Enrollment
Approximately 90,000 residential customers will be transitioned to the PSEG-LI's new Time-of-Day rates.
Optimize Your Energy Consumption For Time-Of-Day Rates!
PSEG Long Island is encouraging ratepayers to shift their energy habits to align with the new Time-of-Day rates. By making a few simple adjustments, you can contribute to a more sustainable energy future. Actions that you can take include:
- Run your appliances more in the morning and night
- Pre-cool your home before peak hours in the warmer weather
- Charge your electric vehicle overnight during off-peak hours
- Invest in solar battery storage solutions like batteries to store excess and discharge stored energy during higher-rate periods
- Employ smart home devices that can be programmed to operate during Off-Peak hours
PSEG-LI Rate Code 194
Off-Peak Rates
The standard Off-Peak Rate allows for the utilization of cost-effective Off-Peak hours, positioned around the weekday Peak pricing period, and designates weekends and federal holidays as Off-Peak throughout the entire day. This rate structure aims to encourage energy-conscious choices, fostering a more sustainable and responsible approach to power consumption among customers, while eligible customers will shift to the Time-of-Day rate plan.
PSEG-LI Rate Code 195
Super Off-Peak Rates
This rate plan includes discounted Super Off-Peak hours during specific periods, allowing for reduced costs. The remaining hours are categorized as Peak, Off-Peak, or Super Off-Peak, with variations on weekdays and weekends, providing flexibility in energy usage. During the summer months, Off-Peak pricing experiences a slight increase compared to standard rates, encouraging energy consumption during off-peak periods for potential savings.
How does Time-of-Day impact solar customers?
Most solar customers will realize their maximum solar savings by OPTING OUT of Time-Of-Day (Rate 194).
While this is still net metering, you will still get credits for your excess electricity. But, with the introduction of Time-of-Day rates, the credits are only valid for the time period in which you generated them. This means that if you generate credits in OFF-PEAK hours, you can only use those credits in the OFF-PEAK hours.
You may exchange your credits between OFF-PEAK and Peak at a 2:1 ratio. This means that for every 2 off-peak credits, you will be able to exchange them for 1 peak credit. Learn more about going solar here!
How does Time-of-Day impact solar and storage customers?
Battery storage is crucial in the combatting Time-of-Day electric rates due to its ability to create greater control over your energy usage and costs. By integrating battery storage systems into your solar panel system, you will be able to generate and store excess energy during OFF-PEAK hours and deploy it during PEAK hours, effectively bypassing the need to draw from the grid when electricity prices are at their highest.
Ultimately, solar and battery storage technology is pivotal in revolutionizing the way we consume and manage electricity, aligning perfectly with the goals of Time-of-Day rates by promoting efficiency, cost savings, and grid sustainability. Learn more about battery storage here!
Ensuring Savings for Eligible Customers
PSEG-LI's Guaranteed Bill Protection*
PSEG-LI offers 12-month bill protection for eligible customers transitioning from Rate Code 180 to Rate Code 194 or 195 during the last scheduled migration, or for new residential accounts opting for Rate Code 194 or 195. After 12 months, bills are recalculated based on Rate Code 180 rates, with savings credited on the next bill. Terminating service or transferring before 12 months adjusts the guarantee accordingly.
Rate changes for customers transferring to other eligible Rate Codes are effective from their last bill date.
Questions and Answers
Time-of-Day FAQs
In contrast to conventional flat rates such as Rate 180, a Time-of-Day rate entails varying prices depending on the time of day. Weekdays have specific peak hours, while all other times, including weekends and federal holidays, are considered off-peak. The cost of electricity during peak hours is higher due to increased generation expenses at that time. Conversely, during off-peak hours, the cost is either similar to or lower than the flat rate, as electricity generation costs are reduced, and we pass on the resulting savings to PSEG-LI customers. Under the standard Time-of-Day rate, peak hours are limited to weekdays from 3 p.m. to 7 p.m., while all other hours, including Saturdays, Sundays, and federal holidays, are designated as off-peak.
Initially, it represents a contemporary pricing model that unlocks fresh avenues for savings among PSEG-LI customers. By choosing to do tasks like laundry in the morning or at night, the associated costs decrease. Maximizing the shift of energy consumption to Off-Peak hours results in greater potential savings. Reduced energy usage during Peak hours not only lowers electricity costs but also promotes cleaner energy use and enhances the overall efficiency of the energy grid. The advantages extend to all!
The Time-of-Day Off-Peak Rate (Rate 194) isn't a requirement – PSEG-LI customers are free to choose alternatives like the Flat Rate (Rate 180) or Super Off-Peak Rate (Rate 195) whenever they prefer. Notably, PSEG-LI customers relying on electricity as their main heating source will still qualify for a specialized heating rate.
The Time-of-Day Off-Peak Rate is set to become the main offering for residential customers. Starting in 2024, we will commence the transition of most existing and new accounts (with limited exceptions) to the standard Off-Peak Rate, with the objective of completing the migration for all eligible accounts by December 2025.
Yes! You have the option to opt out by visiting the "My Account" section of the PSEG-LI's website, following the link provided in the email notification regarding the migration to Time-of-Day or by contacting PSEG-LI's customer service team at 800-490-0025.
Take your First Steps
Interested in Learning more?
Click the button below to take your first steps in making the switch to solar energy!
*All Time-of-Day information is derived from PSEG Long Island and was up to date as of January 2026. SUNation Energy is not responsible for any inaccuracies or changes to this information beyond that date.
**At the end of the first 12 billing months following a customer’s transition to Rate Code 194 or 195, PSEG Long Island will calculate what the customer’s bills would have been under Rate Code 180 for the same energy usage and, if lower, credit the difference on the next monthly bill. Customers that terminate their service or transfer to a Rate Code other than 194 or 195 before the first 12 months of billing have occurred will have their bill protection guarantee calculated up to that date of termination or transfer and receive the applicable credit in their next bill. Customers that transfer to another eligible Rate Code will see the rate change effective as of the date of their last issued bill. Customers on Rates 181, 182, 184, 188, and 480/481; customers on Rate 580 (space heating); and customers on any of the legacy Time-of-Use rates (i.e., 190, 191, 192, 193) are not eligible for Guaranteed Bill Protection. Actual savings are based on daily energy use patterns.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/ny-solar-incentives/

Why Let the power of the sun go to waste?
Get ready to discover how you can save big and contribute to a greener planet without breaking the bank!
SUNation Energy is here to guide you through the incredible solar incentives and rebates available to homeowners in New York and Long Island.
Investing in solar power not only helps reduce your carbon footprint but is made easy with these numerous financial incentives.
Federal Solar Tax Credit (ITC)
Discover the power of the Federal Solar Investment Tax Credit, a nationwide incentive designed to help homeowners save big on solar system installation costs.
Here’s what you need to know:
- This tax credit applies to covering a portion of the cost of solar system installation.
- This Federal solar incentive offers a generous tax credit of 30% off the total system cost.
New York State Solar Equipment Tax Credit
The New York solar tax credit is specifically designed for homeowners installing solar panels in their primary residence.
Here’s what you need to know:
- 25% state tax credit that covers your home solar system costs up to $5,000!
- Exclusive for homeowners.
- You can maximize your savings by combining this credit with the federal tax credit.
- This is a one-time credit that unfortunately does not roll over to other years
NY Sun Megawatt Block Program
The NY Sun Megawatt Block Program is a New York solar rebate that offers a cash incentive per watt of solar capacity, which varies based on where you live.
Here’s what you need to know:
- This program is tailored to the size of your system, the current Megawatt block, and your region.
- As the solar market progresses and becomes self-sustaining throughout New York, the incentives will decrease.
PTA-4 Tax Abatement
The NYC Solar Property Tax Abatement provides homeowners with a reduction in their property tax liability as an incentive for going solar.
Here’s what you need to know:
- The solar panels must be put into operation by January 1, 2024. “Placed in service” generally means when the solar system is activated or when the electric permit is approved, whichever is later.
- Eligible homeowners can lower their property tax payments by 5% of the total cost of their solar installation each year for four consecutive years. The cost includes various expenses related to the solar system, such as equipment, labor, and permitting fees, but it does not cover financing expenses.
- The maximum abatement amount is either $62,500 per year or your annual property tax liability, whichever is lower.
- This incentive is a big help in offsetting 20% of the cost of solar systems.
- The NYC solar property tax abatement can be combined with other solar incentives, like federal and state tax credits. However, these additional credits don’t affect the value of the property tax abatement.
Home Solar Project State Sales Tax Exemption
The state of New York provides a valuable sales tax exemption for both residential and non-residential systems.
Here’s what you need to know:
- This exemption applies to both the purchase and installation of solar energy systems.
- This directly translates into savings for homeowners so they can invest more confidently in your solar project, knowing that you’re not burdened with additional costs.
New York Net Metering
New York Net Metering is a billing arrangement that rewards homeowners with solar systems for their energy contributions to the grid.
Here’s what you need to know:
- Homeowners with solar systems up to 25 kW of capacity will receive credits for the excess electricity they send back to the grid. Instead of going to waste, your surplus energy becomes valuable credits towards your future electric bills. Note: Any energy credits not used by the anniversary date of your installed system will roll over, however, homeowners do not get compensated with money back from the utility company.
- Fair compensation for the energy contributed to the grid meaning you not only reduce your reliance on the grid but also receive credit for your solar contributions.
NY Sun Initiative
The NY Sun Initiative is a comprehensive statewide solar program that aims to increase the availability and accessibility of solar energy for all New Yorkers.
Here’s what you need to know:
- Designed to expand the reach of solar energy throughout the state, ensuring that all New Yorkers can benefit from this renewable resource.
- In partnership with NYPA, NY-Sun has multiple resources that drives the state’s Community Solar and K-Solar programs. These programs provide avenues for community participation in solar energy as well as education and local resources!
REV (Reforming the Energy Vision)
REV is a New York State initiative aimed at transforming the energy industry and promoting renewable energy integration. This long-term program is focused on building a sustainable and clean energy future for New York.
Here’s what you need to know:
- REV’s goal is to set the stage for a more dynamic and responsive energy system that can accommodate the increasing demand for clean energy solutions.
- Focuses on embracing innovative ‘distributed energy’ technologies such as rooftop solar panels and energy storage.
- REV works towards leveling the playing field for distributed energy to create a fair marketplace where decentralized energy technologies can compete with centralized power plants such as coal, gas, and nuclear.
These New York and Long Island solar incentives and rebates are designed to make the switch to solar easy! While SUNation Energy does not directly offer these incentives, our Long Island solar energy experts can guide you through the process of understanding and accessing the available programs.
Take advantage of federal, state, and local incentives to significantly reduce the costs of your solar installation while contributing to a cleaner and greener future!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/commercial/

Commercial Solar For a Brighter Future
Learn All About Our Commercial Solar Offerings!
What we offer
Solar Energy For Your Building or Business
Going solar with SUNation Energy is not only good for the environment, but it’s also good for business. Simply by producing clean, cost-efficient energy harnessed from the sun, you can significantly reduce your operating costs. While saving on these costs, you also send a positive message to your customers and employees that your company cares about the future of the environment and community.
Our Solution
Keep the environment clean and make the earth green!
SUNation Energy Commercial Solar offers cutting-edge solutions for businesses and building owners by providing sustainable solar energy options that contribute to a greener planet.
Commercial Solar Options
Custom designed systems for your building
Maximize your roof or land!
The SUNation team works hand and hand with you to make sure you get the best system possible that is customized to your roof and land, as well as your energy needs. If you could reduce operating expenses for 25+ years, improve profitability, and increase equity by making the switch to green energy, why wouldn’t you?
In order to make every step of the way seamless, SUNation offers a wide variety of financing options for building owners of any size!
A glimpse into our commercial solar panel installations
Check Out Some of our Commercial solar installations!
Rooftop Solar
Carport Solar
Ground Mount Solar
Community Solar
Municipal Solar
Non-Profit Solar
Commercial Solar Financing Options
Financing options for commercial Projects of all sizes
We have an option for you!
Here at SUNation Commercial, we are focused on creating the smoothest solar journey possible. That being said, we offer a wide array of commercial solar financing options that suit buildings and projects of any size.
Our solar professionals will work with you to find the best, most fitting financing option custom to your building or project.
Commercial Battery Storage Systems
Protect your business from power outages
Stay safe during times of extreme weather!
If your business were to lose power due to a storm or other emergency, how negatively would this impact your operations? By adding battery backup storage to your commercial solar system,, you can rest assured that your building is protected during grid outages.
With automatic outage detection, solar battery storage systems allow for a seamless transition from grid power to energy that has been stored from your solar panel system.
Commercial EV Charging
Smart Level-2 EV Charging Solutions
A little to you, a lot to them!
In the last few years, the electric vehicle market has been booming. Meaning more and more people are ditching their gas-powered vehicles and making the leap towards a more sustainable future. Rather than having to fill up their tanks, these vehicles require a charge.
With the installation of electric vehicle charging stations at your business or building, you will stand out to not only your employees but your customers as well.
Customer Testimonials
What they says about us
Your Solar and Solar Battery Storage Partner
Check Out Our Commercial Installations
SUNation Energy, the trusted name in commercial solar installations on Long Island. Since our inception, businesses and organizations of all sizes have turned to us to harness the power of solar energy and propel their operations toward a brighter and more sustainable future.
Our commercial installation map showcases the diverse range of enterprises that have chosen SUNation to lead them into a new era of energy efficiency. From small businesses to large corporations, each pin on the map represents a success story of reduced operating costs and a smaller carbon footprint.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/community-solar/

Community Solar is a group of solar panels installed in a sunny location, either on a building rooftop or under-utilized land. Homeowners, renters, and businesses can subscribe to access the clean energy produced by the panels. Energy will be delivered to you the same way it always has been, from PSEG. You’ll be credited right on your electric bill for your portion of the solar panels.
You do not need to be a property owner or even have a rooftop solar system to be a member of a Community Solar Project. All you need to have is an electricity bill and a desire to save! If you are a homeowner, use the “Learn More About Becoming a Member” button below to learn more about Community Solar and how you can join. If you are a building or property owner, use the “Learn More About Becoming a Host” button below to learn more about becoming a Community Solar Host.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/financing/

Solar Financing
Bringing Affordable Solar to Your Roof!
SUNation Energy Makes Solar Financing Seamless and Easy
SUNation provides affordable solar to Suffolk County, Nassau County, Queens, and Staten Island residents. In order to bring affordable solar to your roof, we offer a variety of different solar financing options. Financing a solar system will allow you to go solar and own the system with a lower cost than what you pay for electricity at the moment. In other words, solar financing makes it so that if you can afford your monthly electricity bill, you can afford to put solar on your roof.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/solar-system-cost/

How Much Will My Solar Installation Cost?
One of the first questions you’re likely to ask when starting your solar research is, “How much do solar panels cost?” or “How much will my solar installation cost?” The short answer is, it varies from household to household. In fact, there are a number of factors that go into calculating the cost of solar, including taking into account available solar tax credits. By understanding what goes into determining the cost, you can have more agency over your solar installation than you realize.
Why does the cost vary? There is no copy-and-paste system when it comes to solar energy. As each home’s energy use, roof, and sun exposure are different, it would be inaccurate to give one blanket price for all residential solar installations. Instead, our team tailors each solar installation to fit that specific home and homeowner’s needs. Designing a custom-made solar array is something we excel at and we’re happy to provide that individualized attention to our customers.
What is the Average Cost of Solar?
That being said, knowing the average cost of solar can help give you a place to start when doing your solar energy research. As of April 2022, the New York State average for a 5 kilowatt (kW) system ranges from $12,112 to $16,388, not counting tax credits and other incentives. To get a better idea of the typical size of solar installations on Long Island, the 2023 average for SUNation Energy residential installations was approximately 11,000 Watts.
Getting Help With Tax Credits!
One of the biggest draws to going solar now are the tax credits. By going solar 2022-2032, you can now qualify for a 30% Federal tax credit along with a New York State tax credit up to $5,000. Additional tax credits are also available on select EV chargers for those with electric vehicles who want to charge from home.*
*Not all customers qualify for income tax credit. Please speak to a tax advisor as needed.
Why 9,000+ Homeowners Trust SUNation:
With options to finance your solar installation on Long Island, Staten Island, and in Queens, you can explore more affordable options to bring solar to your roof. Own your solar panel system with a lower monthly cost that if you were paying your energy bill without solar. Contact our team by calling 631-750-9454 or clicking the button below!
Get Your FREE Quote Today!
Now that you understand the factors that go into calculating your solar panel system cost, contact one of our SUNation Solar Specialists to get your free quote today. The sooner you get started on your solar journey, the sooner you can enjoy low-cost renewable energy and peace of mind. Contact our team by calling 631-750-9454 or clicking the button below to get your FREE quote!
How Is Your Solar Installation Cost Calculated?
To get a more accurate quote for the cost of your solar panels, here are a few factors our team takes into consideration:
Your Energy Use
In order to determine how many solar panels you will need to power your home, we will take a look at your most recent monthly energy use. While this will fluctuate throughout the year, especially once air conditioners are plugged in during the summer, we can project your average energy use which will help inform us how much energy your system will need to produce.
Cost Per Kilowatt Hour in Your Area
This cost has recently increased as we move forward and is likely to continue. For PSEG-LI residents on Long Island, the cost per kilowatt-hour has been increasing to over .30 cents. Unfortunately, these PSEG-LI rates are among the highest in the country.
Size and Condition of Your Roof
Before we put solar panels on your roof, we’ll do an on-site evaluation to assess the condition of your roof and whether repairs or replacement are necessary. Essentially, if your roof is 15 years old or older, it may be time to get a new roof. Depending on the project, we may be able to factor those costs into the overall installation to get you the best deal. This is done on a case-by-case basis. Getting a new roof at the time of installation, if you need one, can help save money in the long run.
Which Solar Panels Are Installed
At SUNation, we work with the best, top-of-the-line products to give our customer the most energy efficient solar installation available. Depending on which products you choose to have installed, the price may vary slightly. Our solar specialists can walk you through the options during an appointment and find the best panels for you and your budget.
Permit Costs
This is another financial factor that varies. Depending on where you live, your permitting costs could differ from that of our other SUNation customers. Different towns, villages, even counties offer different permit pricing for solar installations. Our team is available to take are of this process for you and can share estimated costs with you.
Labor Costs
It takes a team of well-trained, skilled installers to put solar on a roof, and we have the best team on Long Island. Not to brag, but we have been voted Best on Long Island 15 years in a row. Labor costs can vary from company to company, and cheap labor doesn’t mean you’ll get the best results. We’re proud to offer a fair and competitive wage for our installers at SUNation with quick installs, clean work stations, and timely communication.
Additional Costs from Add-Ons
When you go solar with SUNation, you can get more than just solar. In fact, our SUNation Service Department is available to help you add backup energy storage to your installation, like the Tesla Powerwall battery to help keep the power on even when the grid goes down. Have an electric vehicle? We have several options to choose from for Level 2 EV chargers to take out the stress of finding an available charging bank in your neighborhood.
Other additions like the SUNation Guardian program, SPAN Smart Electrical Panel, Smart Home packages, solar pest guards, and more can help to give you the most protection and most energy efficiency for your solar panel system.
Ask about these add-ons at your solar consultation or visit our Service Store to check out all the possibilities.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/solar-lease/

SUNation Solar Lease
Make The Switch To Solar and save each month!
Accessible Solar for Long Island Homeowners
Solar leasing has gained popularity in recent years as an alternative to buying a solar energy system outright. This approach offers a number of advantages, particularly for those who are concerned about the high initial costs of buying and installing solar panels in Nassau County and Suffolk County.
With solar leasing on Long Island, clients are able to access solar energy without the need for a significant upfront investment. Instead, they pay a fixed monthly fee to lease the solar panels and the energy they produce. This fee is typically lower than the cost of purchasing and installing a solar energy system outright, making it a more affordable option for many people.
Why a SUNation Leased Solar System?
Design that Works for You*
SUNation is dedicated to helping our neighbors and our communities. We will not recommend you go solar unless we can guarantee you will save *on your monthly energy costs in the first year after your system is activated.
A More Efficient, Valuable Home
Adding solar panels to your home will have an immediate impact. You’ll be more energy efficient, reduce your impact on the environment, and have a more comfortable home.
Solar Lease Tax Incentives in New York
New York State Solar Tax Credit
Homeowners that sign up for the SUNaiton Energy Solar Lease will still be able to claim the NYS Solar Tax Credit of 25%, up to $5,000!
Trust SUNation's Experience
Whether you decide to lease a solar system on Long Island, or purchase one to own, you can trust that you’ll receive the same high-quality installation and customer service from SUNation Energy. Our team of experienced professionals will work closely with you to design and install a customized solar energy solution that meets your energy needs and budget.
We believe that everyone should have access to affordable, renewable energy. That’s why we make it easy for you to go solar, and we stand behind the quality of our installations and offer warranties to give you peace of mind. We provide a 10-year warranty on the workmanship of your installation. This means you can trust that your solar energy system will provide you with reliable, sustainable energy for years to come.
SUNation Solar System Lease Frequently Asked Questions
Yes! You will be able to claim the NYS Solar Tax Credit of 25% of the solar system cost, up to $5,000.
The term length is 25 years.
Yes! Depending on your specific contract, you may purchase the system.
Payments will begin 30 days after the solar system is activated and begins to generate energy. All payments are due on the date reflected in your monthly invoice and can be paid via checking account or credit card. Automatic payments are available.
If you sell your home, you may transfer the lease agreement to the new home buyer, prepay the lease agreement, or pay a fee to have the system removed.
You will be provided with a bill credit on your next invoice (s) for an amount equal to the guarantee credit.
You will carry forward the surplus, which may be applied in the future years to offset any shortfalls.
Yes, a mechanic's lien will be placed on your property.
Every leased system comes equipped with a 5 year workmanship warranty and a 5 year rooftop penetration warranty.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/solar-glossary/

Explore our Solar Energy Glossary
Expert definitions and breakdowns of key solar terms
The Earth’s natural resources are becoming less abundant each and every day, meaning solar energy is becoming more important to our future than ever before!
Learn about and explore these commonly used terms and definitions that frequent the solar and electrical industries.
Alternative energy is any form of energy that doesn’t consume natural resources or come from a source that would harm the environment.
The electrical grid, also known as the power grid, is a complex system that has been around for over 100 years, and it provides the electricity needed to power everything from industrial machines to household appliances.
A gigawatt is one billion watts. To generate this much power would require over three million PV modules on over three acres of land.
Greenhouse gases (GHGs) play a crucial role in the Earth’s atmosphere, trapping heat and contributing to the greenhouse effect. Understanding their impact on the environment is essential for addressing the challenges posed by climate change
Kilowatt-hours (kWh) measure the total amount of energy that an appliance uses in kilowatts over the course of one hour.
Simply put, Net Metering is a billing system that allows you to bank credits with the power grid when your solar system over-produces and then use those credits when you under-produce.
When sunlight hits the solar panels, they interact with photovoltaic cells, or PV cells for short. These cells are often incredibly thin and usually produce about a watt or two of power each.
Renewable energy comes from sources that are continuously replenished, or permanently accessible. Solar power was the first renewable energy source to be discovered in 1839.
A solar array begins with solar cells, also known as photovoltaic cells, which are grouped together in order to create solar panels.
Solar battery storage is a battery device that is attached to an existing solar energy system and holds residual energy.
Solar energy is a form of energy that is obtained directly from sunlight. It is harnessed by using solar panels.
When the sunlight hits your solar panels, the PV cells create an electrical current that runs straight to your solar power inverter. Here, the DC power generated is converted into AC power.
A Solar Purchase Power Agreement (PPA) is a financial arrangement between a party looking to purchase solar power for their property, and a party providing the equipment necessary to produce solar energy.
Time of Day, or Time of Use as it’s also known, is a type of energy rate plan that utilities can implement that allows for lower energy costs during low-demand time periods and higher energy costs during high-demand time periods to encourage homeowners to save by changing when they use their electricity.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/sunation-service/

SUNation Service
Long Island's Most Experienced Solar Service Team. need service but your solar company Went Out of business? sUNation has you covered!
Trusted and experienced
We Service All Solar Systems!
SUNation Service is a division of SUNation Energy that provides a wide range of services essential for maintaining your solar system. As the #1 solar service provider on Long Island, SUNation Service is dedicated to ensuring the longevity and performance of solar systems across the region.
Did your solar company go out of business? Good news – our experienced Service Team is available for every solar system out there. If you need service on your solar system, and are not a SUNation customer, don’t you worry – SUNation has you covered!
Maximize & maintain your solar system
What Do We Offer?
Solar System
Maintenance
Ensure optimal performance and longevity of your solar system with SUNation Service's comprehensive solar system maintenance solutions!
Solar Battery
Storage
Ensure your home stays POWERED ON during grid outages and times of extreme weather by using stored solar energy!
Level-2
EV Charging
Charge your electric vehicle more efficiently from the convenience of your home and never worry about your battery life again!
Solar System
Upgrade
If you have an older solar panel system, it may be time to revitalize your solar system and upgrade to newer, more efficient technology!
Solar System
Add-Ons
As time goes on, your energy needs may increase due to a wide variety of factors and adding solar panels to your system is not a worry!
Removal and
Reinstalls
If you are having work done on your roof and need your solar panel system removed and reinstalled, we have you covered!
SPAN Smart
Electrical Panel
The 100 year old electrical panel has been reimagined. Control all of the circuits in your home with the click of a button!
SUNation
Guardian Service
Rest assured that your solar panel system is functioning properly with having a SUNation Service Specialist watching your system!
Solar Pest
Guards
This protective measure effectively shields your solar setup from any potential damages caused by pests, including squirrels, birds, and more!
Solar Snow
Brakes
A snow prevention system that safeguards against both the accumulation of snow on your roof and the potential hazard of large chunks of snow falling off!
Annual Solar
System Inspection
Ensure peak efficiency and prolonged lifespan for your solar energy system through our meticulous assessment, and expert recommendations!
Electrical
Upgrades
Elevate your electrical system to the next level of safety, efficiency, and reliability with our expert solutions and skilled electricians!
Consumption Monitoring
Installations
Be in the know of where all of your solar energy that your system produces is being used and how you can make your home more efficient!
industry exclusive service
SUNation Guardian Service
SUNation’s Guardian Service is VITAL to the success of your decision to go solar. Checking on your solar system offers information about your energy generation and how to best optimize your energy usage.
What the SUNation Guardian Service Includes:
- Weekly remote status check of your solar system’s integrity.
- Phone support for system resolution.
- Site visit if a resolution can not be made over the phone.
- Quarterly updates via email to confirm your system’s operational status.
- Reminder emails when your subscription is set to expire.
Let us take the burden of checking your system by signing up for the SUNation Guardian Service today!
offering premium support
We have you covered during emergencies!
With our unwavering commitment to your safety and peace of mind, we take immense pride in being there for you 24/7, no matter the weather’s fury. When the unexpected strikes, our dedicated team of professionals rises to the challenge, offering immediate assistance and support during extreme weather events. From relentless storms to unforeseen disasters, we have you covered with swift, reliable solutions.
Rest assured, with SUNation Service, you can count on us to be your reliable beacon, guiding you through any emergency with the utmost expertise and compassion.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/battery-storage/

Peace of Mind
Protection
Resiliency
Sustainability
Create Peace of Mind During Times of Extreme Weather
Our mission is to help you create peace of mind during times of extreme weather by harnessing the power of the sun to safeguard your energy supply. With cutting-edge solar technology on Long Island and advanced solar battery storage systems, we offer a reliable and resilient energy solution that can weather any storm. When the elements unleash their fury, rest easy knowing that your home will remain powered, your loved ones protected, and essential appliances running smoothly. Our expert guidance and comprehensive approach empower you to fortify your energy infrastructure, paving the way for a sustainable and self-sufficient future.
Join us on this transformative journey, where peace of mind is our driving force, and together, we’ll conquer extreme weather challenges with the power of solar energy and home battery backup at your side!
Solar and Battery Storage Tax Incentives
NYSERDA Solar and Battery Storage Tax Incentive*
The NYSERDA solar battery storage incentive program is designed to encourage customers to adopt solar energy and battery storage solutions. Through this program, customers can receive an incentive of $250 per kilowatt-hour (kWh) of storage capacity.
$3,375
Battery storage can help you save even MORE if you are enrolled in Time-of-Day rates! Learn more at SUNation’s Time-of-Day page!
$4,267
Explore Your Solar Battery Storage Options Today!
SUNation Energy is a Tesla Certified Premier Installer
Raising The Bar for Solar & Storage on Long Island
SUNation Energy is honored to be recognized as a Tesla Certified Premier Installer, a distinction reserved for installers who have established a successful and longstanding relationship with Tesla. This designation reflects our commitment to delivering exceptional service and high-quality installations to our customers.
Refer and start earning
Refer a Friend, Family Member, or Neighbor!
Refer a friend, family member, or neighbor to have a battery storage system installed and you will earn a REFERRAL CHECK!
Tesla Powerwall
Power Your Home with Tesla Powerwall and Solar Energy
Protect Your Home during Grid Power Outages
By incorporating a Tesla Powerwall into your solar system, you gain the advantage of safeguarding your home during grid power outages. This sustainable energy solution empowers you to harness solar energy efficiently to power your household.
Notably, the Powerwall operates almost silently, setting it apart from conventional gas generators.
Enphase Encharge 10
Empowering Sustainable Energy Storage
Experience the Safety, Power, Reliability, and Easy Management of the Future of Energy Storage
The Enphase Encharge is an exceptional energy storage solution that delivers on safety, power, reliability, and ease of management. Safety is a top priority as it eliminates the use of high-voltage DC batteries, instead adopting lithium iron phosphate battery chemistry. The end-to-end AC-coupled system ensures seamless integration with existing setups, providing a secure and stable energy storage solution.
This system can be tailored to meet personal energy needs!
Goal Zero 3000X
Power Your Adventures with Goal Zero
Unleash Your Full Potential During Off-Grid Expeditions
Goal Zero presents premium portable power stations tailored for all your camping trips, including the most remote expeditions. With our top-notch products, you can ensure all your electronics and gear stay fully charged and operational.
The Goal Zero 3000X portable battery has the potential to revolutionize your experiences in situations where power is scarce or unavailable.
Don’t Get Caught In The Dark This Storm Season
We understand the importance of uninterrupted power supply during extreme weather on Long Island, and our cutting-edge solar battery storage solutions have been designed with this very purpose in mind. With our reliable and efficient battery storage systems, you can harness the abundant energy of the sun to safeguard your home’s electricity supply when the grid fails. Whether it’s heavy rains, hurricanes, or snowstorms, our solar battery backup ensures that your lights stay on, your essential appliances keep running, and your loved ones stay safe and comfortable.
Don’t leave your energy needs at the mercy of unpredictable storms – take charge of your power and embrace peace of mind with our robust solar battery backup solutions.
How Does Solar Battery Storage Work
- Solar panels generate electricity from the sun
- This direct current (DC) electricity flows through an inverter to generate alternating current (AC) electricity
- The AC electricity powers your home appliances
- Extra electricity not used by your appliances charges your batteries.
- When the sun goes down, your appliances are powered by the stored energy in your battery
Battery Storage Resources
Embark on a journey through our handpicked selection of insightful blog posts, carefully crafted to offer homeowners like you an understanding of SUNation Energy’s battery storage solutions. Dive deep into energy resilience, installation intricacies, and the latest technologies, empowering yourself to take center stage in the realm of personalized home energy management.
Solar Battery Storage
Protect Your Home Today!
It’s time to ensure your home stays POWERED ON during times of extreme weather and grid outage!
*Solar battery tax credits through both New York State and the Federal Government are available to qualified residential customers who install a new solar photovoltaic system with battery storage. SUNation does not offer tax advice. Please consult with your tax professional to see if your household and system qualifies. Production and storage capacity may vary depending on system size, placement, weather, household usage, and ambient temperature. Tax credit offers can change – please check with NYSERDA and federal tax agencies for the latest information on incentives available for battery storage.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/guardian/

SUNation Guardian Service
Enjoy expert monitoring, support, and updates for hassle-free solar ownership!
SUNation Guardian Service
Protect Your Solar Investment with Peace of Mind
SUNation’s Guardian Service is essential to ensuring the long-term success of your solar investment. This service provides ongoing monitoring, support, and updates to help you optimize your energy usage and maintain your system’s performance.
By signing up, you can enjoy peace of mind knowing that SUNation is proactively managing your solar system, so you don’t have to. Let us handle the details—join the SUNation Guardian Service today!
You're In Good Hands
System Monitoring
We keep a close eye* on your solar system's performance, ensuring it operates efficiently and effectively.
Customer Support
Our dedicated team is here to resolve any issues quickly, providing expert guidance and personalized care.
System Updates
Stay informed with regular updates about your solar system’s status, keeping you in the know.
Active Monitoring for Maximum Performance
Around-the-clock oversight to keep your solar system running
Flexible Plans to Meet Your Needs
Choose the perfect level of service for your solar system
SUNation offers tiered plans designed to provide the right balance of monitoring, maintenance, and savings for your solar system. From essential active monitoring to enhanced care with added benefits, each plan is tailored to support your system’s performance and your peace of mind.
Select the option that works best for you and enjoy worry-free solar ownership with SUNation.
Plus
Guardian Package-
Acitve Monitoring
-
System Inspection OR On-Site Diagnosis
-
5% Discount for Renewal
-
20% Discount on Labor
-
-
Premium
Guardian Package-
Acitve Monitoring
-
System Inspection
-
On-Site Diagnosis
-
Exclusive Discounts
-
15% Discount for Renewal
-
50% Discount on Labor
Renewing Your Guardian Service? With a Plus or Premium Guardian package, you can save up to 15% when it comes time to renew!
We’re Always Here for You
Local support you can count on, whenever you need it
At SUNation, we take pride in being your trusted local solar partner. Whether it’s routine maintenance or unexpected issues, our team is just a call away. Backed by over 20 years of expertise and a commitment to your satisfaction, we’re here to ensure your solar system delivers the performance you deserve.
With SUNation, you’re never alone – we’re in your neighborhood and ready to help.
*Active system monitoring will be conducted by members of the SUNation team regularly, with the exception of certain federal holidays and other days of observance.
Your Guardian Service subscription will begin on the day that you sign *You will receive an email when there are 60 and 30 days remaining in your contract to renew your Guardian Service *Price does not include cost of materials or sales tax.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/ev-charging/

Convenient
Simplicity
Insight
Efficiency
Never Worry About Your Electric Vehicle’s Battery Life Again
When you purchase an electric vehicle, you are frequently given a level-1 EV charger from the automaker. A level-1 EV charger is typically plugged into a standard 120v conventional home outlet. A wise and useful investment that most Long Island electric vehicle owners purchase is a level-2, 240v home EV charger. A Level 2 charger is similar to having your own gas station in your garage, but you are charging your car instead. A Level 2 car charger also allows you to save money on expensive charging rates at some of the public electric vehicle charging stations.
Level 2 EV Charger Tax Incentives
30% Federal Solar Tax Credit Until 2032
The federal government offers a solar battery storage tax credit for residential solar panel and battery storage systems that can be claimed on your federal income taxes. This federal tax credit is a percentage of the cost of your solar and battery storage system.
Tesla Wall Connector
The Most Convenient Way To Charge Your Tesla
Save Money By Charging At Home
Charge your Tesla at home with a Tesla Wall Connector the fastest, most efficient home charging solution available. Simply plug in overnight and charge while you sleep. Wake up ready to go with a full charge for the day.
Designed only for Tesla Vehicles, you can ensure that your vehicle is getting the best charge for its battery health.
Chargepoint Home Flex
Install Once, Charge Whenever
Charge Your EV Faster And Smarter
No matter what electric vehicle you drive or how much space is available in your electrical panel, the ChargePoint Home Flex EV charger fits right in.
The Chargepoint Home Flex EV Charger works with all electric cars, tested on leading EV models: Tesla, Chevrolet Bolt EV, Volvo Recharge, Polestar, Hyundai Kona and Ioniq, Kia NIRO, Nissan LEAF, Mazda MX-30 EV, Toyota Prius Prime, Mazda, BMW i3, Honda Clarity, Chrysler Pacifica, Jaguar I-PACE, and many more
Embrace Worry-Free Driving In Your Electric Vehicle with Our Level-2 Home EV Charger!
Say goodbye to concerns about your electric vehicle’s battery life with the Level-2 Home EV Charger! This cutting-edge charging solution offers peace of mind and convenience for electric vehicle owners on Long Island. Designed to deliver faster charging times and increased efficiency, the Level-2 Home EV Charger ensures your vehicle is always ready to hit the road. Forget about the hassle of finding public charging stations or worrying about the remaining battery range. Simply plug in your electric vehicle at home, and let the Level-2 Home EV Charger take care of the rest.
Embrace the future of sustainable transportation with this game-changing technology, and enjoy the freedom of driving without the worry of running out of power.
Benefits of a Level-2 Home EV Charger
You love driving your electric vehicle but probably prefer to avoid having to search for or wait at a public charging station.
- Increased convenience
- Cost-saving
- Insights on your charging
- Better for your battery health
EV Charging Resources
We have curated essential insights to enhance your home electric vehicle charging experience. From expert installation guides to the latest advancements in EV charging technology, empower yourself with knowledge through our informative blog posts tailored to make your journey toward sustainable transportation seamless and efficient.
EV Charging
Charge Your EV From the Comfort of Your Home or Office!
Keep your electric vehicle’s battery charged and ready to go at all times!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://www.sunation.com/service-store/

SUNation Service, Inc., a division of SUNation Energy, provides a variety of service and maintenance offerings for Long Islanders whose solar system provider is no longer in business or who has exited the Long Island marketplace. Regardless which solar company installed your system, we want to ensure that your system continues to effectively produce the energy you need.
Suffolk Home Improvement – 44104-H l Nassau County Home Improvement – H2409230000 l NYC Consumer Affairs – 1431197-DCA l FL License – CVC57050

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------