ROOT: https://suntribesolar.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:39:10.643459Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 15

================================================================================

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/

Build a Legacy.
We make clean energy projects happen
Diligent upfront de-risking, best-in-class engineering, and relationships fused by trust and a shared vision translate into long-term value for all of our partners.
-
2016Founded
-
120+Projects Completed
-
20 GW+Team Experience
We Provide Clean Energy Solutions
A Few of Our Partners
Press & Announcements
-
MAY 15, 2025
Sun Tribe’s Development Business Acquired by Leading Renewable Energy Company Terraform Power
-
FEBRUARY 11, 2025
The Nature Conservancy announces 17 new clean energy projects on former Appalachian coal mines
-
OCTOBER 2, 2024
ContourGlobal Enters U.S. Renewables Market With Acquisition of 151 MW Solar Portfolio From Sun Tribe Development

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/about/contact/

Contact
Sun Tribe
At Sun Tribe, we deliver legacy-grade clean energy projects that stand the test of time.
To learn how Sun Tribe can help build your legacy, contact us today.
Email: [email protected]
Phone: 800-214-4579
Headquarters: 107 5th Street SE | Charlottesville, VA 22902

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/about/meet-our-team/

Together
In less than a decade, Sun Tribe has grown into one of the largest clean energy companies in the Mid-Atlantic region. We are a dedicated team who love this work and continually strive to set a new standard for what’s possible.
We’re proud of what we do. We’re even more proud of who we are — a committed team who continually strive to prove the possible for solar today, and into the future.
Interested in joining the Sun Tribe Team? Check out our current career opportunities.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/about/values/

Our Values
At Sun Tribe, values are action verbs, not nouns or adjectives. Whether partnering with community leaders or incorporating pollinator-friendly principles into solar projects, the legacies we help build are always rooted in integrity first.
Our Values
Inclusion & Diversity
At Sun Tribe, we believe all employees have something special to contribute — when they feel invited to do so.
We seek to build a culture that ensures team members feel valued for their skills and experience, as well as for their unique backgrounds and perspectives.
We’re in the midst of an ongoing journey to make the Sun Tribe internally better represent the world and communities we serve. Although that work continues, we’re also proud of the progress we’ve made so far, including company-wide implicit bias recognition training and workshops designed to build compassion and empathy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/about/

About Sun Tribe
Headquartered in Charlottesville, VA, we develop, deploy, and manage community- and utility-scale solar projects throughout Appalachia and the mid-Atlantic United States. With more than 100 projects completed or under development and an award-winning track record of innovation and implementation, in just over seven years Sun Tribe has grown into one of the most-respected clean energy companies in the region.
Our team comprises 70+ experienced, in-house development, engineering, financial, regulatory, procurement, and construction experts.
At Sun Tribe, we make legacy-grade clean energy projects happen. Our projects stand the test of time and exceed expectations. Because legacies are a serious thing to build — and the integrity of ours depends on the quality of yours.
Solar That Does More
Better solar saves money, creates jobs, and helps shape a better future for all of our communities. That’s why Sun Tribe projects deliver reliable, affordable, clean energy — and go further. For instance:
- The first solar array in Virginia history to sit on an abandoned coal mine.
- The first school district in the country powered by 100% onsite solar.
- Bringing solar energy education into school curricula.
- Incorporating agriculture- and pollinator-friendly principles into projects.
Partnering For Success
Legacies get built together. That’s why we partner with a wide variety of individuals and organizations to bring projects to life: landowners, investors, government agencies, community and economic development organizations, utilities, local businesses and Fortune 200 companies alike, nonprofits, elected leaders, and other energy companies.
Locally Known, Internationally Respected
Headquartered out of the East Coast clean energy hub Charlottesville, Virginia, we remain committed to and focused on the Mid-Atlantic, Southeast, and other U.S. domestic markets — even as we’ve built a reputation for solar innovation that has garnered attention across the country and around the world in outlets such as Bloomberg, the Washington Post, Canada’s CBC, and Germany’s ARD.
Meet Sun Tribe
In less than a decade, Sun Tribe has grown into one of the largest clean energy companies in the Mid-Atlantic region. We are a disciplined team who love this work and continually strive to set a new standard for what’s possible.
-
Key stats about our collective impact include:
- Founded: 2016
- Team members: 70+
- Projects completed: 100+
- Years of Combined Team Experience: 300+
- Team Lifetime Development: 50 GW+
- Business + Leadership Industry Positions: 15+
-
Business units:
-
- Development
- EPC: Design + Build
- Operations + Maintenance
-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/epc/

EPC: Design + Build
-
100+
Projects completed
-
100%
Passing rate on final acceptance tests
-
0
Projects Abandoned
-
9
Projects under construction
-
In-house
Certified Storm Water + E&S Inspectors
-
In-house
Licensed Electricians
-
In-house
Professional
Engineers -
1st
Pollinator Certified Site in Virginia
We build projects safely, on time, and on budget.
We start with thoughtful project design, and build upon it with a sound strategy to tackle a host of engineering concerns, from slope of the land, to ensuring that foundations match soil type, to determining the appropriate electrical configuration for your project.
Your Sun Tribe EPC support team is ready to assist in the development of legacy-worthy solar, storage, and solar+storage projects, with expertise in the following areas:
- Estimating + Developer Support
- Supply Chain
- Engineering
- Environmental, Health, and Safety
- Project Management
- Field Operations
- QA/QC + Commissioning
For O&M support, visit our dedicated Asset Management business.
Safety
At Sun Tribe, safety isn’t just a goal – it’s a foundational responsibility.
Our commitment to safety starts with a comprehensive curriculum of trainings and certifications held by our team. This is how we ensure safe job sites that protect our workers and demonstrate respect for the communities in which we work. Our impeccable safety record – buttressed by continuous improvement – helps us build the best teams and makes us good neighbors.
Environmental
Our deep expertise ensures the successful design and implementation of environmental management practices for your project, from stormwater runoff to soil health.
Sun Tribe’s environmental offerings include:
- In-house inspectors: VA DEQ certified Stormwater Management Inspector
- VA DEQ certified Erosion and Sediment Control Inspector
- Daily project oversight
- Daily observations – digitally logged – to ensure compliance
Pollinator Certified
Sun Tribe has a commitment to supporting the proliferation of native pollinator species at ground mounted solar sites. We were on the ground floor of the development of Virginia’s Pollinator-Smart / Bird Habitat Scorecard program and established the first pollinator-certified site in 2020.
Pollinator-friendly solar sites leverage native vegetation to support birds, butterflies, and other crucial wildlife. From optimizing the native seed mix and mowing regime, to continually mapping and eradicating invasive species, Sun Tribe is committed to ensuring that native pollinator species thrive at our ground mounted solar sites.
Community Solar
We believe community solar assets benefit us all. Over the last seven years, we have scaled a workforce that delivers on this belief. In our home state of Virginia, our EPC team has successfully permitted and constructed nearly all the projects in this capacity range, accounting for the unique attributes that this asset class demand; demonstrating our ability to tackle everything from stormwater permitting to bespoke interconnection requirements.
Building Solar; Strengthening Communities
Creating local jobs does more than grow the economy – it also builds community-rooted project support.
At Sun Tribe, we’re proud of the strong relationships we’ve built with neighborhood suppliers, contractors, employers, and stakeholders – and we’re committed to creating local jobs in every community in which we work.
Sun Tribe desires to further fuel the engine of workforce development – growing local solar capacity through training, outreach, and a rigorous approach to high-quality standards.
We also support the Solar Hands-On Instructional Network of Excellence (SHINE). SHINE is a public-private partnership founded by Southside Virginia Community College, CHESSA, leading solar developers, construction companies, energy consulting & recruiting firms, and tech companies. Through SHINE, we further inclusive, solar workforce development and equip Virginians with the tools and knowledge they need to enter the sector.
A few of our projects
EPC Inquires:
Sean Rooney
CEO of Sun Tribe EPC
[email protected]
800-214-4579
Mailing Address:
107 5th Street SE
Charlottesville, VA 22902

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/operations-and-maintenance/

Making the Future of Clean Energy a Reality
Operations & Maintenance
-
365
Days / Year
Active Monitoring -
100%
In-House Technicians & Electricians
-
99.1%
TTM Availability
-
1st
Pollinator Certified Site in Virginia
-
100%
Client-Partner Focused
-
Regional Focus
-
PWA Compliant
Monitoring + Performance — Protect your Legacy
With round-the-clock monitoring from our operations center, we set our sights on your sites. We also keep watch on the external factors that can impact operations, such as regional weather and host utility service outages and corrective repairs.
With hundreds of MWs of PVsyst experience, our performance engineers are ready to dive deep to elevate your facility’s performance:
Monitoring + Response
- Data Acquisition System (DAS) commissioning + alarms setup
- Daily monitoring + alarms response
- Relay operation + event analysis
Optimization + Reporting
- PVsyst modeling
- Performance testing + optimization (NREL PR + ASTM 2848)
- Inverter-level availability reporting
- Inverter tuning to maximize AC output in compliance with interconnection agreements
- Production trend analysis
- Customized reporting
- PPA invoicing
Field Services
With in-house engineers supporting our boots-on-the-ground technicians, together, we’ll optimize planned inspection and maintenance schedules for your assets, as well as offer market-leading response times to unplanned outages and corrective repairs.
With deep experience across all component types, our team is prepared to become your trusted steward of a host of modules, trackers, transformers, and more. Our maintenance package includes:
Spare Parts Inventory + Warranty Administration
- Warranty claim enforcement and securing of RMAs
- EPC warranty management
- Spare parts storage and management
Inspections + Planned Maintenance
- DC Health Inspections
- Electrical inspections, including DC, low-voltage AC, medium-voltage AC equipment
- Transformer testing and oil sampling | NETA standard
- Mechanical inspections, including fixed racking / trackers, met stations, DAS
- Switchgear inspections
- Meter and pyranometer calibration
- Infrared thermography | IV Curve Tracing
Event Response + Corrective Maintenance
- On-Site Troubleshooting of all major components
- Cloud-based platform to document site visits with “as found” and “as left” conditions, providing transparent and real-time visibility for asset owners
- Relay troubleshooting, and event diagnosis
- Management of stormwater features
- Inverter repairs and maintenance
- Module removal and replacement
- Tracker repairs
Vegetation Management
From treeline and vegetative buffer management, to fence and stormwater feature repairs, our in-house team of vegetation management crews — in collaboration with regional partners — can tailor personalized vegetation management plans, while minimizing associated costs.
Platform Competency
Pollinator Certified
Sun Tribe has a commitment to supporting the proliferation of native pollinator species at ground mounted solar sites. We were on the ground floor of the development of Virginia’s Pollinator-Smart / Bird Habitat Scorecard program and established the first pollinator-certified site in 2020.
Pollinator-friendly solar sites leverage native vegetation to support birds, butterflies, and other crucial wildlife. From optimizing the native seed mix and mowing regime, to continually mapping and eradicating invasive species, Sun Tribe is committed to ensuring that native pollinator species thrive at our ground mounted solar sites.
Drone Services
We’ll be your eyes in the skies. A crucial tool in the asset management toolbox, we employ drones to collect data, pinpoint problems, and to streamline module RMAs. Our drone-related services include:
- Infrared imaging
- Aerial photography to identify site abnormalities and boundary conditions
- Improved performance monitoring
- Easily accessible reports via cloud portal with superior archival metadata
- Analytics and reports via Raptor Maps
Our Partners
O&M Inquires
Ryan Tully
President, SunTribe O&M
[email protected]
800-214-4579
Mailing Address:
107 5th Street SE
Charlottesville, VA 22902

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/impact-community/

Solar that does more
Sun Tribe solar puts communities over kilowatts. We consider how every project fits in with its community, working in close partnership with all parties — from landowners and neighbors, to local organizations and schools.
Solar that does more means…engaging with schools
Sun Tribe has helped school districts save tens of millions of dollars. But classroom benefits don’t end there.
Our award-winning Solar Empowered Schools initiative prepares students for STEM careers by teaching them about energy, science, and the environment all at once.
- Featuring a curated curriculum library, the program includes quarterly teacher trainings and hands-on solar classes by our Education Outreach Lead (which may be the first full-time role of its kind in the country).
- Since its introduction in early 2022, the initiative has provided in-person learning experiences to over 325 Virginia students and 150 Virginia educators— and counting.
Learn more about our partnerships with schools.
Solar that does more means…being a good neighbor
Like many landowners, we are community stewards. We treat people well— a value that drives everyday interactions and utility-scale strategy alike.
For each project we take time to learn landowners’ visions for their legacy. We respect the land as it is now, and as land future generations will appreciate, too. Together, we earn your neighbors’ support by showing how they may also gain from our partnership.
Solar that does more means…economic revitalization
Our community-centered approach brings economic opportunity in a variety of ways, including:
- Bringing passive solar project tax income to counties by supporting local government, community resources, and more.
- Saving taxpayers money through public-sector PPAs — which empower communities to reinvest savings into areas they choose — and creating consistency in electricity prices for the long term.
- Emphasizing local hiring when possible for project labor.
- Partnering with economic development agencies and community organizations to tailor projects around initiatives that matter most, locally.
- Participating in the coalition to educate legislators about the Virginia Clean Economy Act— and bring 29,500 new solar jobs to the state.
Sun Tribe in the community
Whether building clean energy projects or uniting neighbors around solar innovation, Sun Tribe puts our values to work in the world—a job that always starts at home.
We take care of one another at Sun Tribe, and throughout the communities we call home.
Volunteerism looks different every year. In early 2020, for example, staff delivered meals, and stocked local food banks, because that is what our community needed.
Learn more about our Values.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/impact/impact-innovation/

Solar that does more
Ingenuity, backed by proven technology and delivery. We don’t just prove what’s possible via our projects. We also expand what’s possible and grow the market… and the benefits of legacy-grade clean energy projects.
From powering the nation’s first 100% on-site solar school district to building Virginia’s first solar array to sit on an abandoned coal mine, we’re proud of our reputation for innovation.
Solar that’s additional
‘Additionality’ is an important buzzword in the business. It means adding new projects to the power grid, bringing even more clean, reliable, and affordable energy to utilities and their customers. At Sun Tribe, it also means leaning into our tenacity – bringing to fruition projects that might not otherwise get built just because they’re considered ‘tough.’
Solar that expands markets
Through legislative advocacy, trade association leadership, and more, Sun Tribe is expanding the overall size of the solar market — for the benefit of all market participants, including other solar developers. As they say, a rising tide lifts all boats.
Solar that reaches new market segments
Abandoned brownfields haven’t seen prolific solar development to date… an issue we are actively rectifying by bringing solar to former coalfields and other underutilized, distressed land parcels.
Solar that solves technical challenges
Complex settings inspire novel solutions at Sun Tribe. For example, when the opportunity arose to construct the country’s longest open-span solar canopy, our team deftly rose to the challenge, and delivered.
Innovation in action
Every year we break new ground, achieving new firsts in the Commonwealth of Virginia — innovations that spark inspiration in other areas, too.
-
2017:
First commercial PPA, first single-span solar canopy, and first public school ground mount
-
2018:
First gold-certified pollinator project and first solar project on a former coal mine
-
2019:
First 100% onsite solar school district and first REC swap agreement
-
2020:
First net-metered project >1MW and first and only REC aggregator
-
2021:
First solar services management agreement and first virtual PPA
-
2022:
First executed VCEA distributed energy resource PPA
-
2023:
Coming soon

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/impact/impact-environment/

Solar that does more:
Solar energy means low-cost, domestic, and clean energy that reduces air pollution and helps decarbonize the power grid. But at Sun Tribe our projects go further, delivering legacy-grade solar that actively contributes to a cleaner, healthier environment beyond the green electrons that feed into the grid and support our communities.
Domestic Clean Energy
Solar energy means low-cost, domestic, and clean energy that reduces air pollution and helps decarbonize the power grid. But at Sun Tribe our projects go further, delivering legacy-grade solar that actively contributes to a cleaner, healthier environment beyond the green electrons that feed into the grid and support our communities.
Solar that fuels your environmental legacy
Many of our client-partners aspire to help shape a better world for future generations. Our projects reduce air pollution by displacing any need for coal-fired power, improving air quality for local communities now and into the future.
Together, we also address the climate crisis by avoiding tens of millions of tons of CO2 emissions from fossil-burning power plants.
Sharing our overarching commitment to environmental stewardship, respected environmental nonprofits count Sun Tribe utility-scale projects as highlights in their renewable energy portfolios.
Solar that supports pollinators
Sun Tribe’s pollinator-friendly solar projects support birds, butterflies, and other wildlife, extending solar’s potential benefits to broader ecosystems. With discipline and resourcefulness, we have become leaders in this space by:
-
Principles
Incorporating pollinator-friendly principles into projects of all sizes. For example, we can position panels to enable native plant species to flourish under a system array.
-
Education
Bringing pollinator-friendly solar education into schools — and garnering the first Gold Certified solar site in Virginia’s Pollinator-Smart Scorecard program.
-
Design
Designing projects/sites to facilitate other ecosystem advantages like seed mix, grass diversity, and vegetation management plans.
Solar that creates brightfields
Degraded landscapes, revitalized with clean energy. By deploying solar in deteriorated ‘brownfields’ like abandoned mines, Sun Tribe helps turn vacant, idle industrialized land into ‘brightfields’ — enriching the local environment and economy, while re-energizing surrounding communities.
Our proven track record includes:
- Revitalizing brownfields
- Becoming the first solar developer in Virginia to site an array on an abandoned coal mine.
- Partnering with The Nature Conservancy to establish solar on former coal mines in the globally important Appalachian forests.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/careers/working-at-sun-tribe/

Working at Sun Tribe
Engineers and Safety Professionals. Project Managers and Electricians. Accountants. We have the credentials to bring ambitious solar projects to life; we also have the heart.
Our committed team members are united by a common cause: to drive a clean energy future that expands the benefits of solar into more communities.
At Sun Tribe, we’re not only helping our customers and partners build a legacy through clean energy projects. Each one of us is also helping to leave a personal professional legacy through this work — both through our individual contributions and expertise, and as part of this team.
A Sense of Place
When people come to work here, they join a supportive team that knows the importance of a positive workplace environment. We offer industry-leading benefits, clear respect for work-life balance, and a culture centered around inclusion and respect.
- Our location — Named one of “The 15 Happiest Places to Live in the U.S.” by Outside Magazine, Charlottesville is Virginia’s growing renewable energy hub. Our office is flanked by restaurants, shops, and entertainment venues.
- Our office — Our modern office plan makes it easy to collaborate, while small conference rooms and single working pods support one-on-one conversations or solitary focus time.
- Our mindset: We thrive on a work-life balance that prioritizes mental and physical health.
Job Openings
Sun Tribe provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to age, color, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, national or ethnic origin, political affiliation, race, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, and family medical or genetic information.
Sun Tribe complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which Sun Tribe operates. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.
Sun Tribe is a drug-free workplace.
Sun Tribe participates in E-Verify.
Transparency and Coverage Rule https://www.cigna.com/legal/compliance/machine-readable-files. This link leads to the machine-readable files that are made available in response to the federal Transparency in Coverage Rule and includes negotiated service rates and out-of-network allowed amounts between health plans and healthcare providers. The machine readable files are formatted to allow researchers, regulators, and application developers to more easily access and analyze data.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/sun-tribe-development-acquired-by-terraform-power/

On May 15, 2025, TerraForm Power, an affiliate of Brookfield Asset Management and a leading developer, builder and operator of renewable power, announced its acquisition of Sun Tribe Development LLC. Sun Tribe’s other businesses — including Sun Tribe EPC and O&M — will continue to operate as usual with their focus on the utility- and community-scale markets, providing engineering, procurement, and construction services and asset management support.
Since 2019, Sun Tribe Development has been the pure play development arm of the Sun Tribe family, with 800 MWdc of projects completed and a 4.1 GW pipeline established in the PJM and SERC grid regions. Partners have included Duke Energy, Dominion Energy and The Nature Conservancy.
The purchase of Sun Tribe Development by Terraform Power included the entirety of the project pipeline and the immediate integration of the entire development team. This more than doubles TerraForm Power’s development pipeline to over 6,000 MW of solar and battery energy storage and strengthens its workforce with a team of industry veterans. The joining of these two well-regarded businesses creates an integrated, end-to-end renewables platform that will immediately take its place amongst the leading renewables companies in North America.
According to Sun Tribe Development’s former CEO, Danny Van Clief, now Chief Development Officer at TerraForm Power, “[This] announcement is the result of the team’s outstanding achievements in renewables development since our founding in 2019, and reflects the promise of an exciting future as part of TerraForm Power. Our companies share a commitment to building exceptional teams and delivering legacy-grade renewable energy projects that serve local communities and help meet rising electric demand with affordable, domestic, clean power.”
For questions, contact the Sun Tribe team directly at [email protected].

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/contact/

Contact
Sun Tribe
At Sun Tribe, we deliver legacy-grade clean energy projects that stand the test of time.
To learn how Sun Tribe can help build your legacy, contact us today.
Email: [email protected]
Phone: 800-214-4579
Headquarters: 107 5th Street SE | Charlottesville, VA 22902

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/pollinators/

Gold Certified Solar
As leaders around the country started to understand and promote the benefits of pollinator-friendly solar, Sun Tribe sprung into action, bringing experts from across our team together. The results have been overwhelmingly positive: Sun Tribe’s solar array at Cople Elementary School in Westmoreland County is the first Gold Certified solar site under Virginia’s Pollinator-Smart Scorecard program – a program developed in consultation with national experts that will serve as a model for other states looking for ways to promote pollinator-friendly solar.
Virginia's Pollinator Smart Program
The Virginia Pollinator-Smart Program – led by the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) and the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR) – allows solar projects to be judged under a rigorous and industry-leading set of guidelines for pollinator-friendliness, with Gold Certification as the highest possible designation.
The Virginia Pollinator-Smart Scorecard was developed in consultation with public- and private-sector experts, including Ernst Seeds – the largest native seed producer and supplier in the eastern United States which has been a national leader in pollinator partnerships, and Rob Davis of Fresh Energy, whose work on pollinator-friendly solar has been featured in trainings by the U.S. Department of the Interior’s National Conservation Training Center, the U.S. Department of Energy, and others
Schools Embrace Pollinator-Friendly Solar
The Gold Certified Cople Elementary School solar project was made possible thanks to the leadership of Superintendent Michael Perry and his team of educators. They understood that pollinator-friendly solar sites support birds, butterflies, and other wildlife that call Virginia home, and that solar offered new opportunities for their students and community members to learn about energy, science, and the environment all at once.
Because of this leadership, Westmoreland County Public Schools will be saving $3.6 million in energy costs and will meet 100 percent of Cople Elementary School’s energy needs through solar. The height of the system’s 2100 panels will allow native, pollinator-friendly species to be planted under the array, while it was also designed to consider other factors (detailed in the scorecard) including seed mix, grass diversity, educational collaboration opportunities, and vegetation management plans.
-
-
Energy News Network
Virginia elementary school earns state’s first pollinator-smart solar certification
-
Solar Power World
Sun Tribe installs Virginia’s first gold-certified pollinator-friendly solar project
-
-
-
VA Department of Conservation and Recreation
Guidelines about the Virginia Pollinator Smart program.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://suntribesolar.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/E-Verify-Participation-Poster-English-and-Spanish.pdf

This Organization 
Participates in E-Verify
This employer participates in E-Verify and will 
provide the federal government with your 
Form I-9 information to confirm that you are 
authorized to work in the U.S. 
If E-Verify cannot confirm that you are 
authorized to work, this employer is required 
to give you written instructions and an 
opportunity to contact Department of 
Homeland Security (DHS) or Social Security 
Administration (SSA) so you can begin to 
resolve the issue before the employer can 
take any action against you, including 
terminating your employment. 
Employers can only use E-Verify once you 
have accepted a job offer and completed the 
Form I-9. 
E-Verify Works for Everyone
For more information on E-Verify, or if 
you believe that your employer has 
violated its E-Verify responsibilities, 
please contact DHS. 
Esta Organización 
Participa en E-Verify
Este empleador participa en E-Verify y proporcionará 
al gobierno federal la información de su Formulario I-9 
para confirmar que usted está autorizado para trabajar 
en los EE.UU.. 
Si E-Verify no puede confirmar que usted está 
autorizado para trabajar, este empleador está 
requerido a darle instrucciones por escrito y una 
oportunidad de contactar al Departamento de 
Seguridad Nacional (DHS) o a la Administración del 
Seguro Social (SSA) para que pueda empezar a 
resolver el problema antes de que el empleador pueda 
tomar cualquier acción en su contra, incluyendo la 
terminación de su empleo.
 
Los empleadores sólo pueden utilizar E-Verify una vez 
que usted haya aceptado una oferta de trabajo y 
completado el Formulario I-9.
 
E-Verify Funciona Para Todos
Para más información sobre E-Verify, o si 
usted cree que su empleador ha violado 
sus responsabilidades de E-Verify, por 
favor contacte a DHS. 
888-897-7781
dhs.gov/e-verify
English / Spanish Poster

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------