ROOT: https://hollandenergyfund.com/
SCRAPED_AT_UTC: 2026-02-11T20:13:16.438897Z
PAGES_INCLUDED: 17

================================================================================

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/

Home Energy Education & Rebate Program
Get valuable efficiency training, up to $300 in energy saving freebies, and invest in your home with comprehensive energy efficiency upgrades through Holland’s Home Energy Education and Rebate Program.
Save as much as $6,000 on qualified projects to improve the efficiency and comfort of your house, condo or apartment.
Roof & Wall Insulation
Improve your home efficiency where it counts most; in your roof and wall insulation.
Full Home Energy Audit
Partner with the experts to identify the improvements that will make the biggest impact on efficiency and cost.
Heat Pump HVAC
Make your heating and cooling system up to three times more efficient by using an electric heat pump instead of a gas furnace.
Heat Pump Water Heater
Replace your gas or electric resistance powered water heater with a heat pump water for improved efficiency.
Air Sealing
Keep your home warm in the winter and cool in the summer by sealing problem areas around doors, windows, vents and more.
Program Overview
Holland Energy Fund’s Home Energy Education & Rebate Program is a City of Holland initiative that makes it easy for all homeowners, renters and landlords to reduce their energy use and utility bills while increasing the value of their homes. After completing the FREE 60-90 minute at-home Home Energy 101 session, participants will receive FREE energy saving supplies in the mail that they can use to start saving energy.
Participants who complete Home Energy 101 and live within the City of Holland limits may also apply for a HEF rebate to fund more in-depth energy efficiency projects.
Projects eligible for HEF’s 5-20% rebates include:
- Home Air Sealing (20% of eligible project costs)
- Insulation (20% of eligible project costs)
- Heat Pump HVAC (up to $4,000)
- Heat Pump Water Heater (up to $300)
- EV Charger (up to $300)
Why Participate in Our Home Energy Education and Rebate Program
Improving the energy efficiency of your home not only helps keep your home cool in the summer and warm in the winter, it also lowers your energy bills and increases the overall value of your home for years to come. Our entire community benefits when each of our homes in the City of Holland use energy efficiently.
Improved Home Comfort
Sealing drafts and improving the insulation of your home also improves the comfort. Some homes may also experience improvements in indoor air quality.
Lower Utility Bills
Efficiency upgrades decrease your energy consumption and lower your utility bills. The free Home Energy 101 session will help you determine which measures may be most cost-effective for your specific home.
Free Energy Saving Supplies
Get up to $300 in free energy saving supplies such as caulk, door seals, water-saving shower heads by participating in our FREE Home Energy 101 session.
Financial Incentive
Each qualified project is eligible for a 5-20%* rebate. You may be eligible for both Holland Energy Fund and Holland BPW rebates.
*first-come, first-served while funds are available
Support Local Partners
You can select your Home Energy 101 educator from a variety of local nonprofit partners who earn compensation for their participation.
Environmental Sustainability
Reducing your energy consumption by improving your home’s efficiency reduces your environmental impact.
Home Energy 101
Want to learn more about Holland’s education program? Visit the Home Energy 101 page or register today.
HEF Rebates
Learn more about the Holland Energy Fund’s rebate program on our HEF Rebates page or apply today.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/about/

About Holland Energy Fund (HEF)
The Holland Energy Fund is a 501(c)3 nonprofit supporting the City of Holland’s long-term Community Energy Plan. Our goal is for the Holland community to become a world-class leader in energy security, affordability, sustainability and efficiency. The Holland Energy Fund facilitates two programs (Holland Energy Fund Rebates and Home Energy 101) in partnership with the City of Holland, Holland Board of Public Works and Michigan Saves.
Our People
Our Staff
Lynn McCammon, President
Isabel Stein, Secretary
Holland Energy Fund Board Members
PJ Thompson, Holland BPW Board of Directors
Carolyn Maalouf, Holland BPW Board of Directors
Bylida Sol, Holland City Council
Scott Corbin, Holland City Council
Jay Peters, Holland City Council
Please contact us at hollandenergyfund@cityofholland.com or 616.355.1355
Our Partners
Michigan Saves
Michigan Saves is a nonprofit dedicated to making energy improvements easy and affordable. As a partner, Michigan Saves helps administer the HER and OBLP programs. They oversee the authorized contractors, loan origination, loan servicing, and quality control.
Visit the Michigan Saves Site
Holland Board of Public Works
Holland BPW provides essential, economical and innovative utility services for the Holland community, including electricity, water wastewater and broadband. Holland BPW operates socially and environmentally responsible utility enterprises that are able to expand and sustain a highly functional, reliable and efficient local infrastructure.
Visit HBPW's Site
Semco Gas
SEMCO ENERGY Gas Company, headquartered in Port Huron, Michigan, is a regulated public utility that delivers natural gas to approximately 300,000 residential, commercial, and industrial customers in service territories in the southern half of the state’s Lower Peninsula (including in and around the cities of Albion, Battle Creek, Holland, Niles, Port Huron, and Three Rivers) and in the central, eastern, and western parts of the state’s Upper Peninsula.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/training-partners/

Become a Home Energy Training Partner
To help educate our community, local nonprofit partners in the greater Holland community can become energy education partners! After completing a one-day train-the-trainer program, representatives of the partner agency can provide in-home energy efficiency education to those participating in the free program. Training partner agencies will receive $200 for each completed Home Energy 101 session.
Neighbors Educating Neighbors
Our community relies on your critical services and education for a variety of everyday needs and concerns. As relational experts in our community, your organization will provide trusted guidance to create greater equity in our community and connect neighbors with the resources to improve their homes and lives.
All team members from your organization who wish to educate program participants must attend a one-day (6-hour) training to become certified. After receiving certification, your team members will teach 60-90 minute Home Energy 101 sessions to City of Holland residents in their homes or apartments to provide basic energy savings education and help them learn how to use up to $300 worth of energy savings supplies.
Current Partners
Become a Training Partner
Interested in joining our team of Home Energy 101 training partners? Reach out!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/contact/

Contact Us
Address
Holland Energy Fund
Holland City Hall
270 South River Avenue
Holland MI 49423
Phone
616.355.1355
Send Us an Email
In order to apply for a program, please use our GET STARTED page. For all other inquiries, please feel free to send us a message using the form below

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/home-energy-101/

Home Energy 101
Sign up for Home Energy 101 to work with a home energy educator to find the best areas for utility savings and efficiency improvements at your home, apartment or condo.
This program will also identify up to $300 worth of FREE energy savings supplies to lower your utility bills, and it’s one of the prerequisites to apply for Holland Energy Fund rebates on projects like roof insulation or a home heating and cooling system.
Your journey to a more efficient and comfortable home starts with a FREE 60-90 minute Home Energy 101 session led by trained home energy educators from local nonprofit partners.
LOCAL NONPROFIT TRAINING Partners
Together with Your Educator and Our Partners, You Will:
- Review past utility bills to see how they compare to homes like yours in the area.
- Identify opportunities for free energy saving supplies, which we’ll mail to you after your session.
- Review information on how to use your energy saving supplies.
- View thermal images of your home that show where insulation or sealing is needed.
- Create an energy plan for your home.
Energy Saving Supplies List
– Caulk
– Spray foam insulation
– Weather stripping (various lengths)
– Duct, outlet and furnace seals
– Faucet aerators & water saving shower heads
– Pipe wrap
– Window air conditioner covers
– Storm window insulation kit
– Laser infrared temperature sensor & plug-in power meter
– LED light bulbs
– Programmable thermostat
Energy and Efficiency Tips & Tricks
Upon completion of your Home Energy 101 program, you will be sent a box of supplies to help address some of the efficiency and sustainability needs for your home. We want to give you some insight into how to make best use of those items:
How to Use Your Expanding Foam Spray
Installing Your Home Energy 101 Wall Gaskets
How to Use Your Magnetic Filter Cover
Installing Your Home Energy 101 Rope Caulk
How to Use Your Duct Sealing Tape
How to Use Your Rubber Weather Seal
Register Today
In order to apply for Holland Energy Fund rebates, you must complete Home Energy 101.
In the case of emergency equipment replacement (e.g. water heater failure), you may complete Home Energy 101 after purchase.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/hef-rebates/

Holland Energy Fund Rebate Program
The Holland Energy Fund has partnered with the City of Holland, Holland Board of Public Works and Michigan Saves to provide opportunities to save money and/or be rewarded for investing in energy efficiency upgrades to your home.
HoW It Works
Apply for the HEF Rebates
Submit an application for the Holland Energy Fund rebates (City of Holland residents only) and Holland BPW rebates to receive a 5-20% rebate on projects up to $30,000, saving up to $6,000 for your home energy improvements. There is no minimum project cost for this rebate. You must complete the Home Energy 101 visit to be eligible to receive your rebate payment.
Apply Today
In order to apply for Holland Energy Fund rebates, you must complete Home Energy 101. If you’ve already completed Home Energy 101, click the “Apply for Rebates” button below.
In the case of emergency equipment replacement (e.g. water heater failure), you may complete Home Energy 101 after purchase.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/apply/

FORMS
Please note: You must complete Home Energy 101 before you may apply for the HEF rebates (exceptions made for emergencies).
If you have questions or need help, please contact the Holland Energy Fund by phone at (616) 355-1355. If you prefer to download a PDF to send by mail, please use the download link at the bottom of this page.
Register for Home Energy 101
Apply for a HEF Rebate
Or Download a PDF and Send By Mail
If you prefer to send in your application by mail, please download the PDF, complete, and mail to:
Holland Energy Fund
Holland City Hall
270 S. River Avenue, 3rd Floor
Holland, MI 49423

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/es/

Programa de Reembolsos y Educación Energética para el Hogar
Reciba información valiosa en prácticas de eficiencia energética, productos gratis para ahorrar energía con un valor de hasta $300, e invierta en su hogar con actualizaciones integrales de eficiencia energética a través del Programa de Actualización de Energía en el Hogar.
Ahorre hasta $6,000 en proyectos calificados por un monto total de hasta $30,000 para mejorar la eficiencia y comodidad de su casa, condominio, o apartamento.
Aislamiento de Techos y Paredes
Mejore la eficiencia de su hogar donde más importa; en el aislamiento de techos y paredes.
Auditoría Energética Completa del Hogar
Asóciese con los expertos para identificar los arreglos que tendrán el mayor impacto en la eficiencia y los costos.
Bomba de Calor HVAC
Haga que su sistema de calefacción y refrigeración sea hasta tres veces más eficiente utilizando una bomba de calor eléctrica en lugar de una caldera de gas.
Calentador de Agua con Bomba de Calor
Reemplace su calentador de agua de resistencia eléctrica o de gas por una bomba de calor de agua para mejorar la eficiencia.
Sellado de Fugas de Aire en su Hogar
Mantenga su hogar cálido en invierno y fresco en verano sellando las áreas problemáticas alrededor de puertas, ventanas, rejillas de ventilación y más.
DESCRIPCIÓN GENERAL DEL PROGRAMA
El Programa de Actualización de Eficiencia Energética en el Hogar [Home Energy Retrofit Program (HER)] es una iniciativa de la Ciudad de Holland que facilita a todos los propietarios de casa, inquilinos, y arrendadores en la Ciudad, la reducción del uso de energía y la reducción de gastos por energía, así como también aumenta el valor general de la vivienda.
Después de completar la sesión GRATUITA de 60 a 90 minutos en casa de Home Energy 101, los participantes recibirán GRATIS suministros de ahorro de energía por correo que podrán usar para comenzar a ahorrar energía.
Los participantes que completen la sesión pueden solicitar un reembolso por los gastos incurridos para llevar a cabo un proyecto de eficiencia energética que necesite una inversión alta.
Los proyectos elegibles para los reembolsos del 5 al 20 % de HEF incluyen:
- Sellado de fugas de aire en el hogar (20% de los costos elegibles del proyecto)
- Aislamiento (20% de los costos subvencionables del proyecto)
- HVAC (Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning) de bomba de calor (hasta $4,000)
- Calentador de agua de bomba de calor (hasta $300)
- Cargador eléctrico (hasta $300)
¿Por qué participar en nuestro programa de reembolsos y educación sobre energía en el hogar?
Mejorar la eficiencia energética de su hogar no sólo ayuda a mantener el hogar fresco en verano y cálido en invierno, sino que también reduce sus gastos de energía y aumenta el valor general de su hogar en los años venideros. Nuestra comunidad en general se beneficia cuando cada uno de nuestros hogares usa la energía de manera eficiente.
MEJORA LA COMODIDAD DEL HOGAR
Sellar corrientes de aire y reparar el aislamiento de su hogar también mejora la comodidad de su hogar. Algunos hogares también pueden experimentar mejoras en la calidad del aire en el hogar.
REDUCCIÓN DEL GASTO DE ENERGÍA EN LA CASA
Las actualizaciones de eficiencia energética reducen el consumo de energía y reducen sus gastos de energía. La sesión gratis de Energía en el Hogar 101 le ayudará a determinar las medidas que pueden ser más beneficiosas para su hogar.
PRODUCTOS GRATIS DE AHORRO ENERGÉTICO
Después de completar la sesión de Energía en el Hogar 101, los participantes recibirán productos gratis con un valor de hasta $300 para ahorrar energía como masilla, sellos para puertas, cabezales de ducha que ahorran agua.
INCENTIVO FINANCIERO
Cada proyecto calificado es elegible para un reembolso del 5% al 20%*. Puede ser elegible para reembolsos tanto de Holland Energy Fund como de Holland BPW.
*por orden de llegada mientras haya fondos disponibles
Apoye a los Socios Locales
Puede seleccionar a su educador de Home Energy 101 entre una variedad de socios locales sin fines de lucro que obtienen una compensación por su participación.
SOSTENIBILIDAD AMBIENTAL
La eficiencia energética en su hogar mejora su comodidad, calidad de vida y protege el medio ambiente.
Energía del hogar 101
¿Quiere saber más sobre el programa educativo de Holland? Visite la página Home Energy 101 o regístrese hoy.
Reembolsos HEF
Obtenga más información sobre el programa de reembolsos del Holland Energy Fund en nuestra página de Reembolsos HEF o solicítelo hoy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/es/acerca/

SOBRE EL FONDO DE ENERGÍA DE HOLLAND (HEF)
El Fondo de Energía de Holland es una organización sin fines de lucro 501(c)3 que apoya el plan de largo plazo el Community Energy Plan [Plan Comunitario de Energía] de la Ciudad de Holland. Nuestro objetivo es que nuestra comunidad se convierta en un líder mundial en seguridad energética, asequibilidad, sostenibilidad, y eficiencia. El Fondo de Energía de Holland facilita dos programas (Reembolso Energético de Holland y Programa On-Bill Loan) en asociación con la Ciudad de Holland, Holland Board of Public Works, y Michigan Save.
NUESTRA GENTE
NUESTRO PERSONAL
Lynn McCammon, Presidenta
Sarah Kuiper, Secretaría
MIEMBROS DE LA JUNTA DEL FONDO DE ENERGÍA DE HOLLAND
Tim Hemingway, Junta de Directores de Holland BPW
Carolyn Maalouf, Junta de Directores de Holland BPW
Nicki Arendshorst, Consejo Municipal de Holland
Scott Corbin, Consejo Municipal de Holland
Jay Peters, Consejo Municipal de Holland
NUESTROS SOCIOS
MICHIGAN AHORRA
Michigan Save es una organización sin fines de lucro dedicada a hacer que las mejoras energéticas sean fáciles y asequibles. Como socio, Michigan Save ayuda a administrar los programas “HER” y “OBLP.” Supervisan a los contratistas autorizados, origen de préstamos, el servicio de préstamos, y el control de calidad.
Visite el sitio web de Michigan Save
Junta de Obras Públicas de Holland
Holland BPW proporciona servicios públicos esenciales, económicos e innovadores para la comunidad de Holland, incluyendo electricidad, agua, aguas residuales y banda ancha. Holland BPW opera empresas de servicios públicos social y ambientalmente responsables que pueden expandir y mantener una infraestructura local altamente funcional, confiable y eficiente.
Visite el sitio web de HBPW
Gas Semco
Compañía de Gas SEMCO ENERGY, con sede en Port Huron, Michigan, es una empresa de servicios públicos regulada que suministra gas natural a aproximadamente 300,000 clientes residenciales, comerciales e industriales en territorios de servicio en la mitad sur de la Península Inferior del estado (incluso dentro y alrededor de las ciudades de Albion, Battle Creek, Holland, Niles, Port Huron y Three Rivers) y en las partes central, oriental y occidental de la Península Superior del estado.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/Community-Energy-Plan.pdf

HOLLAND COMMUNITY ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND CONSERVATION STRATEGY 
 
“CREATING A GLOBAL COMPETITIVE COMMUNITY” 
 
 
 
 
 
Project Work Team Report 
 
Dated September 9, 2011 
 
Prepared by: 
 
Garforth International llc 
 
in collaboration with 
 
City of Holland 
Holland Board of Public Works 
 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page ii 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Acknowledgements 
 Project Working Team iv 
 Mayor‘s Task Force iv 
 Sustainability Committee iv 
 
CONDITION STATEMENT iv 
 
Executive Summary 1 
 
Chapter 1: Community Energy Plan Background 12 
 Project Work Team - Process & Methodology 12 
 Energy Mission and Goals 12 
 Measuring Process 14 
 Overall Benefits 15 
 
Chapter 2: Energy and Climate Challenges 16 
 Energy – A Defining Issue of the 21st Century 16 
Accelerating Global Energy Demand 16 
Energy and National Competitiveness 17 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions 17 
United States Energy Use 19 
Michigan Energy Profile 19 
Michigan‘s Energy and Climate Change Policies 21 
City of Holland‘s Current Energy Situation 21 
Population and Economic Growth 22 
Quality of Life 22 
 
Chapter 3: Baseline and Base Case Projections 23 
Background 23 
Data Sources 23 
City of Holland 2010 Energy Baseline 24 
City of Holland 2010 GHG Emissions Baseline 25 
Energy District Baseline 26 
Energy Use in Built Environment 28 
Transportation Energy Baseline 28 
Base Case Projections to 2050 29 
 
Chapter 4: Community Energy Plan Goals 32 
 Community Expectations 32 
 Structured Framework for the CEP 32 
 Successful Examples of Implementing CEP Loading Order 33 
 Deciding on Incremental or Transformative CEP 34 
 Selecting a Headline Energy Goal 35 
 
Chapter 5: Energy Strategies and Scenarios … 37 
Strategic Summary 37 
Strategic Scenarios 37 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page iii 
Scenarios Results 40 
Preliminary Recommendations 47 
 
Chapter 6: Recommended Initial Scale Projects 49 
Scale Projects Background 49 
Scale Projects Summary 49 
Scale Projects Next Steps 50 
 Scale Project 1: Industrial Park Integrated Energy Services 51 
 Scale Project 2: Historic District Single Family Neighborhood 53 
 Scale Project 3: Hope College Campus 56 
 Scale Project 4: High School, Hospital, Aquatic Center 59 
 Scale Project 5 : Initial District Heating Network 62 
 
Chapter 7: Enabling Mechanisms 64 
 Overview 64 
 EM-1: Financial Incentives 64 
EM-2: Greenhouse Gas Emissions Management 66 
EM-3: Energy Performance Labeling 67 
EM-4: Community Engagement and Energy Literacy 69 
EM-5: Energy Education and Training 69 
EM-6: Standards Codes & Guidelines for Buildings 71 
EM-7: Institutionalize Long -term Breakthrough Energy Planning 73 
EM-8: Changed Role of HBPW 73 
EM-9: Regional Energy Planning 74 
 
Chapter 8: Role of HBPW as a Municipal Energy Company 75 
 Background 75 
 Establishing HBPW -Municipal Energy Company 75 
 HBPW-District Municipal Company Ownership Structure 75 
 Structure of HBPW -Municipal Energy Company 76 
 
Glossary and Terms 78 
List of Figures 83 
List of Appendices 86 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page iv 
Acknowledgements 
Holland thanks the following individuals and organizations for contributing to this project. This report 
could not have become a reality without the time and effort of numerous people. 
Project Work Team Members 
Holland: 
Mark Vanderploeg, City of Holland, Municipal 
Planner 
 
Tony Meyaard, City of Holland, Real Property 
Appraiser 
Dave Vanderheide, City of Holland, Assessor 
Matt VanDyken, City of Holland, Technology 
Services 
Soren Wolff, City of Holland, City Manager 
 
Consulting Team: 
Peter Garforth, Garforth International llc, Principal 
Cindy Palmatier, Garforth International llc, Business 
Manager/Administrator 
Bruce Bremer, Bremer Energy Consulting Services, 
Inc., Project Manager 
Gerd Fleischhammer, Independent Consultant, Energy 
and Environmental Engineering Consultant 
Claudius Reis er, EBC, S enior Energy Demand 
Specialist 
Oliver Bauman, EBC, Buildings Specialist 
Lutz Miersch, EBC, Estimation Specialist 
John Palmisano, eTrios Commodities, Senior Vice -
President 
 
Mayor’s Energy Task Force Members 
Mayor Kurt Dykstra 
Brian Davis 
Ben Kwon 
Dan Kuipers 
David Slikkers 
Hy Ro 
Janet De Young 
Jane Clark 
Kathy Wagaman 
David Lee 
Loren Howard 
Greg Maybury 
Randy Thelen 
Steve Bulthuis 
Tim Hemingway 
Gordon Van Wylen 
Darryl Bartlett 
Teri Gabbert 
John Mooney 
Garth Deur 
J.L. Johnson 
Larry Koops 
Pat Lamb 
Gabe Ramirez 
David Zimmer 
Paul Lilly 
Keith Malmstadt 
James VanderVeen 
Don Triezenberg 
Mike McKay 
P.J. Thompson 
Roberto Jara 
Ross Nykamp 
Dale Sowders 
Brian Walker 
 
 
Sustainability Committee Members 
Sustainability Members: 
Warren Stuk – Chair 
Donald Triezenberg – Vice Chair 
James VanderVeen 
Carl Van Faasen 
Diane Haworth 
 Paul Lilly 
Keith Malmstadt 
Student Representative: 
Alex Radke 
 
Committee Liaisons: 
Mark Vanderploeg 
Dave Hoekstra 
Anne Saliers 
 
 
Condition Statement 
This report recommends a forty year energy strategy for the City of Holland to achieve a range of 
economic, environmental and supply reliability goals. These recommendation s should be seen in the 
context of providing an agreed strategic basis for future detailed decision making. Some elements of 
these recommendations will obviously need to be refined with investment grade due -diligence.

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 1 
Executive Summary 
The City of Holland recognizes that our world will be facing critical energy challenges in the coming 
years. The City also recognizes that with these challenges come opportunities. The City must find ways 
to reduce their dependence on foreign energy and fossil fuels, improve efficiency and costs, enhance 
sustainability and expand energy sources and systems. Holland is committed to be a highly-competitive 
world-class community, supported by innovative energy solutions that benefit the citizens, the business 
community, and the environment. The City is develo ping a comprehensive, long -range Community 
Energy Plan from today to 2050 as a roadmap to prepare for the challenges and opportunities ahead. 
The Community Energy Plan (CEP) Report recommends approaches to meet three primary goals: 
 Ensure economic competitiveness 
 Provide reliable and affordable energy 
 Protect the environment 
Successful implementation will ensure that Holland ‘s residents will have cleaner, reliable, affordable 
energy for decades to come . T he City will remain a competitive place for business to invest and a 
desirable place to live and work. Further, the CEP recommendations were developed with the 
understanding that Holland can adapt to changing technologies, legislation, and market conditions. 
Global Energy Challenges 
Worldwide energy demand grew five-fold between 1950 and 2000 and could double again by 2030. 
 
Figure ES.1 Worldwide Use of Energy (1850-2000) 
This growth puts major pressure on energy supplies, costs and environmental impact. Energy creates 
about 70% of all manma de greenhouse gas emissions, with the rest coming from industry and 
agriculture. Figure ES.2 shows 2008 greenhouse gas emissions for selected countries, in metric tons 
carbon dioxide equivalent (mt CO2e) per capita. 
Country Per Capita Emissions 
USA 22.2 
Canada 22.1 
Russian Federation 15.8 
European Union 10.5 
Germany 11.7 
United Kingdom 10.3 
Japan 10.1 
France 8.6 
Figure ES.2 National Greenhouse Gas Emissions per Capita for 2008 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 2 
The U.S. spent about $1.2 Trillion on energy1 in 2007, which has increased in the past three years. Half 
of this was spent on expensive transport fuels. Residential (homes) and non -residential buildings used 
over 40% of all energy; transportation used 28%; with the balance used in industry. The U.S. imports 
about 30% of its energy, straining the national deficit and overall security. 
Michigan spent about $37 Billion on energy in 2007, of which $26 Billion was imported from other states 
or countries. Costs from 1982 to 2007 are shown in Figure ES.3. 
 
Figure ES.3 Michigan – Total Retail Energy Cost 
The largest expense which grew the fastest was that of petroleum products, which has always been 
vulnerable to fluctuations in global oil pricing . Coal accounts for 60% of Michigan‘s electricity 
production, nuclear 26%, natural gas 10%, hydroelectric and other renewable sources 4%. The $7.2 
Billion of natural gas end-use represented here was used primarily for heating Michigan‘s relatively 
inefficient buildings. 
 
Figure ES.4 Michigan - Total GHG Emissions 
The 2007 greenhouse gas emissions for Michigan were 248 Million metric tons (Mmt) of CO 2e. Of this, 
87% or 216 Mmt came from the production and use of energy, equivalent to about 21 mt/capita. 
 
 
1 http://www.eia.gov/totalenergy/data/annual/txt/ptb0306.html 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 3 
Energy Baseline for Holland 
In 2010, Holland spent $135 Million on energy shown by fuel type and end-use in Figure ES.5. 
 
Figure ES.5 Holland Primary Energy by Type and Sector 
Diesel and gasoline account for 17% of Holland‘s energy use, overwhelmingly in cars and other light 
vehicles. Typical of most cities in the upper mid -west, natural gas is mainly used to heat Holland‘s 
homes and buildings . The electricity used in the City is 19% of all energy. The energy needed to 
generate and transport electricity to customers is the largest part of the energy use of Holland. As in 
Michigan in general, the majority of this electricity is generated by coal. 
The bulk of Holland‘s homes and buildings were built when codes were very inefficient, creating a major 
improvement opportunity. Michigan as a whole has historically had building codes with relatively low 
energy efficiency. 
Holland has it s own electrical utility owned by the Cit y of Holland , operated by the Holland Board of 
Public Works (HBPW). HBPW distributes electricity to t he City and to neighboring communities . They 
also have significant generating capacity in the City; the De Young coal -fired plant, and natural gas 
peaking plants. This combination allows HBPW to provide reliable, low -cost electricity valued by 
residents and businesses in the City. Holland‘s energy had a ―carbon footprint‖ of 792, 500 mt in 2010, 
or 24 metric tons per resident. 
. 
Figure ES.6 Holland GHG by Type and Sector 
By sector, nearly two -thirds of all emissions come from non -residential buildings and industry, 
underlining the impact of Holland‘s employment mix and industry. By energy type, 69% of emissions 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 4 
are from the use and generation of electricity. Fuels for heating and hot water, mostly natural gas, are 
14% of the total. Transportation fuels including diesel, gasoline, compressed natural gas, and some 
biofuels account for the balance of 17%. 
Outlook for Energy Use in Holland 
To assess the impact of various strategies for the City of Holland, a ―business-as-usual‖ forecast for the 
next 40 year s was developed. This estimate shows the potential picture of growth in energy use and 
GHG emissions based on relatively constant efficiencies with the same mix of fuels and supply of 
gasoline, diesel, gas and electricity. This Base Case is the model aga inst which future scenarios are 
compared. The anticipated energy supply need in the Base Case is shown in Figure ES.7. 
 
 
Figure ES.7 Base Case Energy Supply - 2010 to 2050 
This unrestrained outlook shows energy demand growing by over 75%, driven by strong industrial 
development in the south -east of Holland and some population growth. In the Base Case, electricity 
consumption doubles from 2010 to 2050 , underlining the impact of industry. To meet future electricity 
demands for electricity and keep the cost and reliability of local generation, the City currently has a 
permit to add 70 MW of solid fuel generation. 
In the Base Case, greenhouse gas emissions from all energy uses would nearly double to 1.5 Million 
metric tons by 2050. This equates to an increase from 24 mt CO2e per resident in 2010 to 3 6.7 mt 
CO2e by 2050. 
Transforming Holland’s Future Energy Use 
Under guidance from the Sustainability Committee, the City, HBPW, and the public, the Project Work 
Team (PWT) was challenged to create a world-class energy plan for the City that goes far beyond 
incremental efficiency improvements. Implementation of this plan will achieve breakthrough levels of 
economic and environmental performance with high levels of reliability and quality. 
The PWT recommends the target to economically and reliably reduce the City‘s greenhouse gas 
emissions per capita from the baseline level of 24 metric tons in 2010, to 10 metric tons by 2050. 
Annual GHG emissions will be no more than 10mt CO2e per capita by 2050 
0
500,000
1,000,000
1,500,000
2,000,000
2,500,000
0
1,000,000
2,000,000
3,000,000
4,000,000
5,000,000
6,000,000
7,000,000
8,000,000
9,000,000
10,000,000
2010 2015 2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
MWh per year
MMBtu per year
Base Case Energy Supply
2010 Through 2050
Electricity for Cooling Other electricity Natural Gas Transportation

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 5 
Greenhouse gas emissions per capita (CO 2e/capita) is a widely used general measure for the overall 
efficiency, costs and environmental impact of energy use by a community. This is used as a key metric 
in the CEP. It will be used primarily to measure Holland‘s long-term progress against its own goals. It 
also has value to compare the City‘s performance against communities worldwide. 
Strategic Recommendations 
The recommended energy strategies make substantial progress in meeting Holland‘s 2050 energy 
targets. The key elements are: 
 Encourage inbound industrial investment 
 Make large-scale efficiency improvements 
 Enable heat recovery and efficient energy distribution 
 Create a flexible balance of clean, reliable energy supply choices 
Scenarios Evaluated 
In developing the recommendations, four scenarios (A through D ), combining energy efficien cy, 
distribution and supply were evaluated. They are summarized in Figure ES.8 – ―Green‖ indicates the 
measure is included in the Scenario, ―Red‖ that it is not included. 
Strategic Measure Base A B C D 
Efficient renovation – all buildings 
Focused retrofits – single homes 
Energy performance labels 
Transportation efficiency gains 
Expanded appliance rebates 
Ongoing industrial efficiency gains 
Downtown district heating network 
Expanded snow melt services 
Industrial Park – district energy network 
Industrial environmental services 
70 MW solid fuel expansion (30% biomass) 
70 MW CCGT expansion 
30 MW CHP in Industrial Park 
10 MW Landfill gas capacity 
20 MW Bio-gasification expansion (2031) 
24MW Solar Power (PV) 
10% biogas in gas network 
37 MW Wind power 
Figure ES.8 2010 to 2050 - Scenarios Overview 
The four scenarios are simila r from an efficiency standpoint and focus on recommendations that have 
clear value to both the final end user and to HBPW in terms of either investment avoidance or new 
business opportunities. They differ in the combinations of energy supply and fuel choices. 
Of the four scenarios evaluated the PWT is recommending Scenario B. The elements are: 
 Existing buildings, with the exception of single -family homes, will be 30 to 50% more e fficient 
than the current average after major renovations. By 2050, all existing buildings will have been 
renovated. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 6 
 All 7,400 s ingle-family homes will be renovated in two phases. The first phase between 2013 
and 2033 will be retrofitted with a ―moderate efficiency package‖ that will result in efficiencies 
that are 53% higher than the current average. In the second phase, to 2050, the retrofit will be 
a ―high efficiency package‖ to be 66% more efficient. This will be enabled by a C ity-wide 
investment facility. 
 Most buildings will have an Energy Performance Label available when sold or rented to raise 
market awareness of their actual energy performance and to encourage performance 
improvements. 
 Transportation efficiency will primarily come from revised Fe deral Standards, material weight 
reductions, smaller vehicles and more efficient drivetrains. A small portion will come from a 
slightly denser urban design and the walkability impacts of expanded snow-melt services. 
 Transition of about 7% of the car flee t to electric vehicles is assumed by 2050, an important 
aspect given the focus on battery manufacture in Holland. Under Scenario B this is carbon 
neutral relative to conventional fuels, in all others it is carbon negative. 
 Incentives on existing HBPW refrigerator and A/C replacement incentive programs will be 
strengthened to accelerate the replacement of inefficient models with new units having Energy 
Star rated or higher efficiencies. By 2030, at least 5,000 refrigerators and 7,500 air conditioners 
will have been upgraded, on track to a 100% replacement by 2050. 
 Industry will successfully implement Corporate Energy Management Programs that deliver year -
on-year continuous efficiency improvements. 
 Higher density areas around downtown, the Hope College ca mpus, the Hospital and the High 
School will have a significant ratio of district heating. 
 District heating services will be offered north of 24th Street, initially anchored on Hope College, 
Holland Hospital, the Aquatic Center and major City -owned properti es. The plan to upgrade 
Central Avenue will be expanded to include district heating feeder pipes. 
 Downtown district heating will be configured to be a suitable source for extending the offering of 
snow-melt services 
 The prospering industrial area in the s outh-east (Holland Industrial Park) will also be configured 
to have district heating services, associated with using new combined heat and power (CHP). 
 To serve growing electricity demand , a 70 MW combined cycle gas turbine (CCGT) will be 
added in two to three phases. This will be on the James De Young site and will be configured 
for district heating. 
 Industrial services will be based on a 30 MW CHP, with capacity added in sync with industrial 
development and combined with district heating and other services. 
 10 MW of ―Green Power‖ from landfill gas will be included in the electricity supply portfolio. 
 A 20 MW biomass generating block will be added on the De Young site . This would use 
advanced bio-gasification. 
 24 MW photovoltaic (PV) solar electricity generation will be installed at a rate set by market 
evolution of installed costs and available incentives . This helps HBPW meet State renewable 
requirements and, more importantly, significantly reduces the summer electric peak. 
 37 MW of wind power will be added by 2020. This both reduces the emissions of the City and 
helps meet State renewable requirements. 
As a note the information from the MPPA was also taken into account during the PWT analysis and 
scenario overview development. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 7 
Scenario Results 
 Total Fuel Use and Mix 
The evolution of the total fuel use and mix for the City is strategically important in a number of ways: 
 Cost is in large part driven by the total fuel needs of the City. This in turn is driven by the overall 
efficiency of the consumption, distribution and conversion of energy for transportation, heating, 
domestic hot water, cooling and all other electrical uses. In the 2010 b aseline estimates, the 
total energy cost of the City was about $135 Million. 
 Cost at any given time is also driven by the market price of different fuels and the relative mix. 
For most of the 40-year CEP period, the four fuels that are critical will be the relative pricing of 
natural gas, oil, coal and biomass. 
 Cost in late r years will also be influenced by the operating cost of wind and solar electricity 
generation. 
 Flexibility to adjust the fuel mix based on the availability and price of particular fuels is a critical 
aspect in managing the overall reliability and cost of the energy system. 
 Fuels have different greenhouse gas content . T he overall mix defines the carbon footprint of 
the City. The evolution of legislation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions is highly uncertain 
and may or may not penalize high -carbon sources. Flexibility to adjust t he fuel mix based on 
the carbon content of specific fuels is a critical aspect in managing the environmental risks. 
The fuel mix for the City‘s energy use in industry, residential buildings non -residential buildings, and 
transportation based on the four scenarios is shown in Figure ES.9. The fuel mix includes the fuel used 
outside of Holland to generate electricity that is ultimately used in Holland, mostly coal. 
 
 
Figure ES.9 Scenarios A through D – 2050 Total Fuel Mix for Holland 
In Scenario B, the total fuel used by Holland forty years from now is actually less than that used in 2010 
even though this includes the energy needs of significant growth in employment and population . 
Different fuels cause different levels of gree nhouse gas emissions. The total GHG emissions caused 
by each of the scenarios are shown in Figure ES.10. 
0
1,000,000
2,000,000
3,000,000
4,000,000
5,000,000
6,000,000
Baseline: 2010 Base Case: 2050 Scenario A: 2050 Scenario B: 2050 Scenario C : 2050 Scenario D : 2050
Fuel in MWh per year
Total Fuel Mix City of Holland
Purchased Electricity Coal Natural Gas Fuel Oil Biogas/Landfill gas Solid Biomass Gasoline/Diesel

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 8 
 
 
Figure ES.10 Scenarios A through D – 2050 Total GHG by Fuel Mix for Holland 
All scenarios provide for significant greenhouse gas emissions reductions relative to the Base Case . 
Scenario B has the greatest proportional reduction relative to energy use. The t otal emissions of 
Scenario B by major strategy are shown in Figure ES.11. 
 
 
Figure ES.11 Scenario B – 2010 to 2050 Total GHG by Major Strategy 
In 20 50, total emissions are 522,000 mt for S cenario B, or 65% less than the Base Case. The per 
capita emissions from 2010 to 2050 for Scenario B (and other scenarios) are shown in Figure ES.12 
 
0
200,000
400,000
600,000
800,000
1,000,000
1,200,000
1,400,000
1,600,000
1,800,000
2,000,000
Baseline: 2010 Base Case: 2050 Scenario A: 2050 Scenario B: 2050 Scenario C : 2050 Scenario D : 2050
GHG in mt per year
Total GHG-Emissions by Fuel City of Holland
Purchased Electricity /Existing De Young Coal Natural Gas Fuel Oil Biogas/Landfill gas Solid Biomass Gasoline/Diesel
0
200,000
400,000
600,000
800,000
1,000,000
1,200,000
1,400,000
1,600,000
2010 2015 2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
Total Emissions (mt per year)
Development of GHG-Emissions City of Holland, Scenario B 
Base Case
Consumer efficiency
DH with CHP, CCGT, Landfill
Transportation 
PV, Biogas in PP, Biomass 20 MW, Wind 37 MW

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 9 
 
 
 Figure ES.12 Scenario B – 2010 to 2050 per Capita GHG 
Scenario B results in per capita emissions of 13.4 mt CO2e compared to the 36. 7mt CO2e/capita 
estimate for the ―business-as-usual‖ Base Case. While not meeting the CEP framing goal of 
10mt/capita CEP goal , Scenario B puts in place a number of parallel strategies all of which have the 
potential to be accelerated. Specifically, the home and buildings efficiency recommendations are 
relatively modest compared to global best practice and could be intensified. 
Holland Electricity Investment Scenarios 
The City faces a major decision concerning future electricity capacity. These decisions will impact all 
three of the CEP goals – reducing energy costs, reducing greenhouse gas emissions and enhancing 
supply security. Each scenario has a different investment profile summarized in Figure ES.13. For 
comparison with the earlier Black and Veatch study, these are calculated from now to 2030. 
Item Base Scen A Scen B Scen C Scen D 
 $ M $ M $ M $ M $ M 
De Young 70 MW SF/DH $270 - - $270 $270 
De Young 70 MW CCGT/DH - $105 $105 - - 
Industrial 30 MW CHP/DH - $60 $60 $60 $60 
Solar PV (8 of 24MW) - - $32 $32 - 
Industrial DH Network - $10 $10 $10 $10 
Downtown DH Network - $10 $10 $10 $10 
SFH Retrofit – Total 
Investment - $125 $125 $125 $125 
SFH Retrofit Owner Share - -$63 -$63 -$63 -$63 
Refrigerator Incentives $0 $1 $1 $1 $1 
AC Buyback (7,500) $0 $2 $2 $2 $2 
Industrial Efficiency $0 $0 $0 $0 
Additional Snow-Melt NA NA NA NA NA 
Total 2030 Investment $270 $250 $282 $447 $415 
Figure ES.13 All Scenarios – Total Investments to 2030 
0.0
5.0
10.0
15.0
20.0
25.0
30.0
35.0
40.0
45.0
2010 2015 2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
Per Capita emissions (mt per capita)
Development of GHG-Emissions per Capita- City of Holland
Base Case Scenario A Scenario B Scenario C Scenario D

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 10 
The capacity planning behind these takes into account the expected electricity requirements for 
HBPW‘s clients outside the City of Holland. 
There is some uncertainty about the tim ing of new industrial demand. With t he approach including 30 
MW of CHP and possible phasing of the 70 MW of CCGT , there is flexibility to power generation as 
needed. Investment of $111 Million for a wind capacity of 37MW to meet the state RPS requirements is 
being confirmed; however recent negotiations suggest a more cost effective approach for HBPW to 
source the equivalent capacity through a power purchase agreement. 
The single -family home retrofit total investment of $125M assumes about 4,500 homes being 
renovated. The added values of the avoided peak and efficiency have been divided equally between 
HBPW and the homeowner. 
The basic investments in the DH networks are relatively modest, especially if they can be anchored on 
cost-effective larger projects as is being recommended. District heating is a key factor in reducing the 
long-term emissions of the City through the use of recovered heat. 
The Project Work Team recommends Scenario B as the basis for finalizing the CEP. 
Following future acceptance of the Report by City Council a joint implementation team comprising City 
and HBPW staff would be tasked to develop multiple detailed implementation plans including 
investment grade assessments of key high priority projects. 
Getting into Action 
Successful implementation of the CEP recommendations will require the engagement of all parts of the 
Holland community, sustained and reinforced over many decades. This need gives rise to the following 
additional recommendations: 
Scale Projects 
Immediately planning and implementing the five recommended scale projects will jump -start the CEP 
and allow the community to fine tune the strategies for successful implementation. 
SP1: Holland Industrial Park Integrated Energy Services 
In SP1, a portfolio of energy services will be developed , specifically tailored to the current and future 
industrial employers. This will allow the se companies to be more competitive and achieve their 
corporate emissions goals. 
SP2: Historic District Single -Family Neighborhood 
Holland has over 7,000 inefficient single-family homes which create a major energy demand on the City 
and these are a major strategic efficiency focus for the CEP. SP2 encompasses about 150 homes as a 
testing ground for the technical, financi al and neighborhood approaches required to tackle this 
efficiency opportunity in a strategically effective way to add value for HBPW and homeowners. 
SP3: Hope College Campus 
Hope College has the scale and opportunity to reconfigure its energy supply, dist ribution and user 
efficiencies to achieve substantial cost savings and emission s reductions, and to establish new 
educational opportunities around innovative energy approaches. It is ideally located to be a node in the 
development of a downtown district heating network. 
SP4: High School, Hospital, Aquatic Center 
This cluster of sign ificant energy users has the potential to develop both individual ― campus‖ energy 
plans, and a local neighborhood strategy that can significantly reduce costs and emissions, and can 
mitigate against some substantial future risks that could adversely affect their financial options. They 
are well located to be another node of the wider municipal district heating network. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 11 
SP5: Initial Downtown District Heating Network 
The combination of climate, urban structure and local generation make significant parts of Holland 
excellent candidates for modern district heating services. This could reduce heating costs and volatility, 
create new business opportunities for HBPW and contribute significantly to reducing the carbon 
footprint of the City . This scale project evaluate s creating the first elements of the DH network by 
linking SP3 and SP4 with the De Young site and a few other significant heating users. 
The CEP Project Work Team recommends these five scale projects for immediate detailed evaluation 
with the aim to implement within the first decade of the CEP timeline. 
Enabling Mechanisms 
Successful implementation of the CEP requires an energy literate population supported by appropriate 
skills, resources, information and decision making processes. Putting these mechanisms in place will 
ensure that the thousands of individual decisions that affect the City ‘s energy performance will deliver 
the long-term goals established in t he CEP. Combined, these will transform Holland‘s relationship to 
energy over the forty years of the CEP. 
The focus is on the following nine areas: 
 EM1: Financial Incentives 
 EM2: Greenhouse Gas Emissions Management 
 EM3: Energy Performance Labeling 
 EM4: Understanding Community Engagement and Energy Literacy 
 EM5: Energy Education and Training 
 EM6: Standards, Codes and Guidelines for Buildings 
 EM7: Institutionalizing Breakthrough Energy Planning and Implementation 
 EM8: Changed Role of HBPW 
 EM9: Regional Energy Planning 
The CEP Project Work Team recommends that these nine enabling mechanisms be put in place to 
change the culture, decision making framework and overall community awareness of the City‘s energy 
performance and its progress towards the CEP targets. 
Results that Transform Holland’s Future 
The energy and GHG impacts arising from the CEP recommendations ha ve been assessed on an 
annual basis from 2010 to 2050 , providing a detailed basis for tracking Holland‘s progress in achieving 
their targets. Recommendations include deep efficiency improvements in homes, buildings, industry 
and transportation, i ntegrated with a restructured clean and renewable energy supply . The CEP also 
outlines measures for good community governance and support, energy literacy and awareness. 
By implementing the recommendations in the CEP, o ver the next 40 years Holland can absorb 
significant population and job growth and still use less fuel than today . At current prices this would 
save the City $40 Million per y ear, and greatly reduce the impacts of future price volatility. On a per 
capita basis, greenhouse gas emissions would fall from 2010‘s 24 metric tons to 13.4 metric tons by 
2050. 
The availability to locally manage d flexible, reliable low -carbon energy sup plies will be a magnet for 
high-quality companies of all types seeking to manage their energy and climate risks. Through their 
commitment to breakthrough energy performance, Holland will also be a magnet for clean energy 
companies seeking to establish and grow national and global businesses. 
Many other cities, states and countries are becoming aware of the dangers of neglecting future energy 
changes. As Holland successfully implements the CEP, its skills and experiences will become valuable 
resources far beyond the borders of the City. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 12 
Chapter 1: Community Energy Plan Background 
Project Work Team - Process and Methodology 
The City of Holl and recognizes that it will face some critical energy challenges in the coming years. It 
also recognizes the wider uncertainty over the cost, supply security and environmental impact of energy 
use. At a local level, some major community decisions are imminent that cou ld set the direction of the 
electricity and possible district heating supply system for decades to come. These combined 
challenges present an opportunity to rethink the City‘s overall approach to energy and its role in the 
competitiveness and quality of life of the community. 
In January 2011, the leadership of the City of Holland, the Holland Sustainability Committee and the 
Board of the Holland Board of Public Works, charged the Community Energy Plan Project Work Team 2 
(―PWT‖ or ―Team‖) to develop a 40 -year integrated energy strategy for the City. The Team inc luded 
representatives from the City and the consultants. The PWT met regularly from January 2011 through 
August 2011 to establish the energy baseline and develop the CEP recommendations. Numerous 
meetings were held to engage the community in the process, including two Energy Town Hall Meetings. 
A full list of the meetings and participation is summarized in Appendix 1. 
This Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy Plan (―Community Energy Plan‖ or 
―CEP‖) was prepared by the PWT with guidance and direction from the Sustainability Committee , the 
Mayor‘s Energy Task Force 3, along with input from the wider com munity. The CEP is submitted to the 
City Council , through the Sustainability Committee , as the PWT‘s recommendation for the City of 
Holland‘s long-term energy strategy. 
Throughout the CEP, the level of greenhouse gas emissions arising from energy use will be used as a 
general indicator of both energy productivity and environmental impact. This will be stated both in 
terms of the evolution of total emissions of the City and as emissions per resident. This latter is 
becoming a common index for municipalities around the world , and is a useful general metric for 
tracking the overall progress when implementing the CEP. 
Energy Mission and Goals 
Holland will ensure its competitiveness for decades to come as summarized by its Energy Mission: 
 
This will be achieved by meeting the following energy related goals: 
 
 
 
2 See Acknowledgements Section for PWT Membership 
3 See Acknowledgement Section for membership of the Mayor’s Energy Task Force 
Energy Goals 
1. Provide lower energy cost than neighboring communities. 
2. Develop industrial energy services tailored to investors‘ needs. 
3. Secure highly reliable electricity and heat supply from local sources. 
4. Enable flexibility to meet changing technologies, legislation, fuel costs and other market conditions. 
5. Meet commitment to the U.S. Conference of Mayors Climate Protection Agreement. 
6. Be a leader in developing a regional energy strategy. 
Energy Mission 
Enhance the attractiveness of the City to investors, businesses and residents 
through the availability of cost effective, reliable and clean energy supply. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 13 
1. Lower Energy Costs 
A community‘s ability to offer lower and less volatile energy costs than competing communities is an 
increasingly important factor in attracting investment , and thereby creating and retaining high quality 
employment opportunities. This is also important to local residents , as it enhances the affordability of 
Holland as a place to live. Over time home pricing will likely adjust to reflect these lower energy costs, 
especially if the rising cost of energy becomes a factor in future years. Lower energy costs will make 
commercial property more competitive, resulting in higher rent values and lower vacancy rates. 
In 2010, the entire City of Holland spent over $135M on energy of all types, a number that is likely to 
increase substantially in the future. The CEP recommendations achieve lower energy costs by 
combining above-average efficiency with flexible, efficient and clean energy supply choices for all types 
of users. The 30 to 50% efficiencies resulting from the CEP recommendations produce investment 
potential, current cost reductions and will help to offset future energy price increases. 
2. Industrial Energy Services 
High-quality industrial companies will be attracted to sites that offer a wider than normal range of 
energy services at high levels of reliability and economic costs. In addition to traditional electricity and 
gas supplies, integrated indu strial parks can offer incoming industry a portfolio of energy services 
tailored to their needs including such utilities as heating, cooling, process steam, compressed air, etc. 
Holland has been successful in attracting world-class companies, many active in emerging sustainable 
energy markets. Implementation of t he CEP recommendations will ensure the availability of clean, 
cost-effective, and flexible util ities of all types for industrial users , making the City attractive for 
industrial investment. By creating an energy supply with a very low carbon -footprint, Holland will be the 
ideal location for the growing number of companies with aggress ive corporate greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions reduction targets. 
3. Reliable Local Energy Supplies 
Communities with significant local power generation benefit from reduced waste in transporting power 
over long distance, as well as higher levels of service reliability. Supply interruptions from weather and 
other causes are becoming increasingly significant in the U.S., further emphasizing the value of reliable 
local supplies. Holland has been well served by HBPW for many decades. The CEP recommends 
building on the local supply options by adding flexible and more efficient local power generatio n 
including cleaner and renewable sources. 
Heating accounts for over half of all energy used by Holland‘s built environment . Providing local supply 
of efficient heating is a key element of the CEP . This will in part utilize heat traditionally wasted in 
generating electricity. High levels of reliability for both electricity and heat ing will benefit all energy 
users and be a magnet for future investors and residents. 
4. Flexibility to Meet Future Changes 
The prices and availability of fuels are becoming high ly volatile and unpredictable, as is the outlook for 
future legislation aimed at reducing the environmental impacts of energy use. Changes in technology, 
public opinion and market trends around many aspects of energy use and its impac ts are equally 
unpredictable. 
Implementation of t he CEP recommendations will give Holland‘s energy system the flexibility to adapt 
to fuel costs and availability, along with changing technologies as they emerge . The CEP 
recommendations were developed an ticipating changing legislative and market expectations and they 
contain elements that will preemptively allow the City to remain a competitive leader, regardless of the 
outcome of these yet unknown factors. 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 14 
5. Meet Climate Protection Agreement 
By signing the U.S. Conference of Mayors Climate Protection Agreement 4 in 2008, Holland recognized 
the importance of reducing GHG emissions to help manage legislative risks, environmental uncertainty 
and overall energy costs and efficiency. 
The CEP recommendations provide a solid base to greatly reduce the City‘s overall energy related 
GHG emissions. Reducing GHG emissions has further environmental benefits by also greatly reducing 
other pollutants such as mercury, particulates and various nitrous and sulfurous emissions. This further 
enhances Holland‘s attractiveness as a place to live, work and play. 
6. Be the Regional Energy Leader 
The focus of the CEP is on the City of Holland, and to some extent the wider territory served by HBPW. 
The CEP recommendations repre sent breakthrough levels of economic, environmental and supply 
security performance. These are likely to attract national and even international attention especially as 
Holland and the CEP continue to attract world-class investors. Holland will be well positioned to be the 
catalyst of a wider regional process encompassing substantial parts of western Michigan, further 
extending the benefits of a rational energy strategy for the City and the neighboring communities. In 
implementing the CEP recommendations , Holland and HBPW will develop the wide range of 
educational training services, skills and businesses needed to create an energy efficient City. These 
will be made available to serve wider markets, further adding value to Holland‘s economy. 
Measuring Progress 
The CEP was developed with a 40-year time horizon and provides a consistent, simple framework for 
measuring progress. The recommendations include adopting seven key measures of success that will 
be tracked and reported on a consistent basis for deca des to come. More detailed recommendations 
for each of these measures and the reporting process are included in Appendix 4. 
 
Figure 1.1 CEP Seven Key Measures of Success 
Competiveness will be measured by three indicators. The first will be tracking average energy costs for 
different classes of uses on a standardized basis. The second indicator will be employment created by 
the CEP. Th is will be measured in businesses attracted by the CEP and by the ―Green Jobs‖ created 
by implementing the CEP in the City and beyond. The third indicator will be i nvestments attracted by 
the CEP in industry, commerce, property development and the energy supply and distribution system. 
 
4 See Appendix 3 for the full text of the U.S. Conference of Mayors Climate Protection Agreement 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 15 
Supply security will also have three measures of success. Supply security for heat ing, electricity and 
other energy services will be measured by indexes that track the frequency and durations of service 
failures. Supply quality will be measured by the degree to which each utility deviates from target levels 
of performance. Flexibility w ill be tracked by the degree to which the energy system responds to 
changes in fuel pricing, environmental legislation or technical advancement. 
Environmental performance will be measured by the overall greenhouse gas emission s caused by the 
production and use of energy. This will be both on a total basis for all activity in the City and indexed 
on a per capita basis for the community as a whole. Industry specifically will also have a need for 
consistent GHG intensity in delivered utilities for corporate tracking purposes. 
Overall Benefits 
The benefits that flow from the successful implementation of the CEP recommendations will touch all 
stakeholders in the community, summarized in Figure 1.2. 
 
Figure 1.2 CEP Benefits for all Stakeholders 
These benefits leverage each other and grow over time. Some will be visible relatively early in the 
implementation of the CEP, while others may take years to appear. This underlines the importance of 
long-term tracking of the key measures of success. It also highlights the importance of developing a 
high level of dialogue between many of the City‘s current and future stakeholders. 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 16 
Chapter 2: Energy and Climate Challenges 
Energy – A Defining Issue of the 21st Century 
The ready availability and affordability of energy supplies since the start of the Industrial Revolution 
have driven unprecedented growth in the global economy, raising lifestyle expectations and creating 
vast new businesses. In more recent years, the rapidly growing global demand for fossi l fuels is 
creating new uncertainties about their cost and availability, and exacerbating international tensions. In 
addition, greenhouse gas and other emissions created from fossil fuels combustion are negatively 
affecting our immediate environment and likely the global climate. The effectiveness with which we use 
energy in all forms is increasingly becoming a defining issue of the 21st Century. 
Accelerating Global Energy Demand 
Worldwide energy demand grew five-fold between 1850 and 2000 (Figure 2.1), and could double again 
by 2030 5. The fast growing economies of China and India have made the se countries major global 
energy consumers with increasing imports; a trend that is likely to accelerate. 
 
Figure 2.1 Worldwide Use of Energy (1850-2000) 
All major global economies rely on imported energy. T he U.S. is a major oil importer, the European 
Union (EU) imports about 50% of all its energy needs , and both China and India are significant 
importers of oil and coal. The pattern of growth and imports has led to market globalization and resulted 
in higher volatility in pricing. Supply security and its impact on economic competitiveness and foreign 
policy are growing challenges. 
The recognition that all traditional fuel s ources are ultimately finite adds to the uncertainty. World 
production of crude oil peaked in 2006 according to the International Energy Agency. 6 As demand for 
oil continues to grow, it is increasingly met by unconventional sources, such as tar sands and o il shale. 
Harvesting these sources is more expensive and environmentally challenging. This passing of ―Peak 
Oil‖ strongly suggests the era of inexpensive oil is over.7 
To some extent, the tightness of oil supply has been balanced by the development of m ajor new 
sources of natural gas providing a critical, lower -polluting bridge to a more sustainable energy picture. 
Coal, while a widely available resource for many decades to come , is under rising pric ing pressures 
from both global demand and environmenta l issues. The use of renewable energy , including wind, 
 
5 IIASA plus updates from BP, IEA, EIA et al 
6 http://www.worldenergyoutlook.org/docs/ weo2010/WEO2010_ES_English.pdf 
7 http://www.netl.doe.gov/publications/ others/pdf/Oil_Peaking_NETL.pdf 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 17 
biomass, hydro and solar to generate both heat and power is expanding rapidly, as the cost, technology 
and reliability improve, adding new options to meet global energy demand. 
Energy and National Competitiveness 
The way energy is used by countries, communities, businesses and individuals is critical in a 
competitive global economy , with energy efficient communities and economies hav ing a significant 
competitive advantage. This advantage will grow as energy prices rise. Figure 2.2 highlights energy 
productivity differences between major countries in the world economy. 8 
 
Figure 2.2 Economic and Energy Indicators by Major Regions (2008 data) 
The U.S., with just 4.6% of the world‘s population, creates 18.9% of global Gross Domestic Product 
(GDP), using 19.5% of the entire world‘s energy to do so. By comparison, the European Union, with 
7.5% of the world‘s population, generates 25.1% of the world‘s GDP using only 14.8% of the world‘s 
energy to do so. This means that the U.S. is using 100 units of energy to make $1 of GDP, while the 
EU uses only 57 units of energy, 43% less, to make the same $1 of GDP. At the scale of the total U.S. 
economy, this roughly translates into a $500 Billion competitive disadvantage for the U.S. 
China and India use more energy relative to GDP than the U.S. today. However, their energy efficiency 
is improving quickly as they modernize and grow. To remain strategically competi tive and to ensure 
secure, h igh-quality energy supplies, all major global economies must become substantially more 
efficient in both the end use of energy and in the use of all fuels. With its relatively low energy 
productivity, this is more so the case for the U.S. 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
Energy use accounts for roughly 70% of all manmade greenhouse gas emissions worldwide, with the 
remainder caused by industrial processes along with land use and forestry changes. Since the start of 
the Industrial Revolution, there has been a subs tantial rise in the concentration of atmospheric G HG, 
largely due to the use of fossil fuels. The International Panel on Climate Change, an organization 
consisting of the world‘s leading climate scientists, as well as most major national climate research 
bodies, attribute the increase in average global temperatures to the increased use of fossil fuel, along 
with major changes in land use (Figure 2.3)9. 
 
8 IEA 2008 World Energy Statistics & IMF economic data at 2008 exchange rates 
9 Sources – UK Met Office; NASA; NOAA, UNFCCC 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 18 
 
Figure 2.3 Greenhouse Gas Concentrations and Global Temperatures 
There is evidence this is already causing more severe and more frequent extreme weather events. 
 
Figure 2.4 U.S. Weather Related Electricity Disturbances and Insurance Costs10 
These events have a major impact on energy supply reliability and consequential disturban ce costs. 
Many efforts to limit the risk of climate change through reduced emissions are underway. Nearly 200 
countries signed the Kyoto Protocol in 1997. China has recently set regional targets to reduce overall 
greenhouse gas intensity. The EU inaugu rated its emissions trading scheme in 2005, and recently 
approved further reduction targets. Some U .S. s tates and Canadian provinces have enacted local 
legislation. Over 1,050 U.S. cities 11 and counties12 have made commitments to voluntarily reduce GHG 
emission. 
Irrespective of the continuing debate over climate science, the levels of greenhouse gas emissions and 
their intensity remains one of the better measures of the overall efficiency and productivity of a 
country‘s energy system. Figure 2.5 summarizes the annual greenhouse gas emissions during 2008 
for a number of countries in metric tons carbon dioxide equivalent (mt CO2e) per capita.13 
 
10 Sources : US DOE-EIA and US GAO 
11 http://www.usmayors.org/climateprotection/map.asp - 
12 http://www.conservationleaders.org/cool.counties.htm 
13 United National Statistics Division, http://unstats.un.org/unsd/environment/air_greenhouse_emissions.htm 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 19 
Country Per capita emissions 
USA 22.2 
Canada 22.1 
Russian Federation 15.8 
European Union 10.5 
Germany 11.7 
United Kingdom 10.3 
Japan 10.1 
France 8.6 
Figure 2.5 Selected National Greenhouse Gas Emissions per Capita for 2008 
United States Energy Use 
In 2007, the U.S. spent about $1.2 Trillion on energy 14, a level which has increased in the past two 
years. About half of this cost was on transport fuels. Residential (homes) and non -residential buildings 
used o ver 40% of all energy , transportation used approximately 28%, and the balance was used in 
industry. In the U.S., around 70% of all energy use is in cities and other urban areas. 
For much of its history, the U.S. was an oil exporter, but now imports 60% of its needs. 15 Despite recent 
discoveries, it also is a net importer of natural gas. 16. Other countries‘ imports of coal also impact U.S. 
energy costs as prices globalize. Rising energy costs combined with high levels of volatility are likely to 
be the norm for the U.S. into the future. 
There has been a long period of under -investment in efficiency, the elec tric grid, upgraded power 
generation, domestic oil refining, rail infrastructure for hauling coal, as well as limitations on the 
exploration and production of natural gas . Combined these constrain domestic resource and supply 
availability. Power outage ev ents have more than doubled since 1990 and are about ten times the 
levels seen in Germany and Japan 17. More severe and frequent weather events including hurricanes, 
tornadoes, heat waves, and drought further exacerbate temporary blackouts and prolong outage s. 
Managing supply reliability and quality will be a growing necessity for communities and business for the 
foreseeable future. 
With among the highest energy densities as indicted by per capita GHG emissions in Figure 2. 5, the 
U.S. has substantial opportunity for savings and economic returns.18 
Michigan Energy Profile 
In 2007, Michigan‘s businesses and households used about 3.2 T rillion Btu of energy of all types, the 
equivalent of about 313 Million Btu/capita , about 10% less than the City of Holland. Imports accounted 
for 97% of all transport fuels, 80% of natural gas, and all Michigan‘s coal and uranium supplies. 
 
14 http://www.eia.gov/totalenergy/data/annual/txt/ptb0306.html 
15 http://www.eia.gov/totalenergy/data/annual/diagram2.cfm 
16 http://www.eia.gov/totalenergy/data/annual/diagram3.cfm 
17 http://tli.umn.edu/blog/security-technology/the-rising-tide-of-power-outages-and-the-need-for-a-smart-grid/ 
18 http://www.epa.gov/climatechange/emissions/ downloads10/US-GHG-Inventory-2010_ExecutiveSummary.pdf 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 20 
 
Figure 2.6 Michigan – Total Energy Use by Fuel Type 
In total, the state spent about $37 B illion on purchases of energy, of which $26 billi on was imported 
from other states or countries. 
 
Figure 2.7 Michigan – Total Retail Energy Cost 
By far, the largest expense and the largest increase were on petroleum products, though all energy 
types show a rising cost trend. Natural gas usage is high a nd mostly used for space heating and 
domestic hot water in homes due to the combination of climate and relatively inefficient construction. 
While Michigan has significant local gas sources, it still relies on imports for 80% of its needs. 
Most electricity is generated in the state. Coal accounts for 60% of all electricity, nuclear 26% and 
natural gas about 10%. The remaining 4% is from hydroelectric and other renewable sources. 
Generally speaking, Michigan‘s retail electricity and natural gas prices are at or below the U.S. average. 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 21 
 
Figure 2.8 Michigan - Total GHG Emissions 
Total greenh ouse gas emissions for Michiga n were 248 M illion metric tons (Mmt) of CO 2e, of which 
87%, or 216 Mmt were from the production and use of energy, equivalent to about 21 mt/capita. 
Michigan Energy and Climate Change Policies 
In March 2009, the Michigan Cli mate Action Council published the State‘s Climate Action Plan 19 under 
the leadership of Governor Granholm. This call s for a 20% reduction in GHG levels by 2020 and an 
80% red uction by 2050. This advisory report was intended to be the basis of an ongoing 
implementation action plan. It contains a wide-ranging set of recommendations covering efficiency and 
supply. It is uncertain how this will move forward with the election of Governor Snyder in November 
2010. 
From a legislative standpoint, PA 295 Clean, Rene wable and Efficient Energy Act, passed in 2008, 
requires all Michigan electric providers to produce at least 10% of their supply from renewable sources 
by 2015, with interim targets in place starting in 2012. Appendix 5 has further information on Michigan 
RES. The State also has a relatively modest range of energy efficiency incentives for home, industry 
and non-residential building owners. 
From a building codes standpoint, Michigan generally adopts the recommendations of the International 
Code Council for homes and ASHRAE for non -residential buildings, with some delay. From an energy 
efficiency standpoint, Michigan is at or slightly below the U.S. average in terms of applicable codes. 
These recommendations are typicall y updated every three to four years . T heir adoption is at the 
discretion of the State. 
City of Holland’s Current Energy Situation 
Holland‗s use of heating energy is very typical of most cities in the upper mid -west. Heating is a major 
element of the City‘ s energy use due to the combination of climate and a relatively inefficient building 
stock. Its homes and buildings are nearly all heated with natural gas, supplied by SEMCO. 
Unlike many other communities, Holland has its own electrical utility wholly ow ned by the City, the 
Holland Board of Public Works (HBPW). This utility distributes electricity to the City and to neighboring 
communities. It also has significant power generating capacity within the City. Th is results in electricity 
prices lower than the surrounding averages, combined with high levels of reliability. This is a major 
positive factor for businesses and residents of Holland. 
 
19 http://www.miclimatechange.us/ewebeditpro/items/O46F21226.pdf 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 22 
Relative to the size of the community, Holland has a large and rapidly growing industrial base which is 
expected to be a major driver of electricity demand over the coming decades. Many of the compan ies 
that are manufacturing in Holland are themselves associated with the alternative energy business and 
include lithium-ion battery producers, wind turbine component manufacturers and building management 
and controls suppliers. Holland is also home to office equipment manufacturers that are a major part of 
the national green buildings thrust. 
About 90% of the electricity used in Holland is generated by coal, both remotely and from the De Young 
solid fuel plant located in the City and owned and operated by HBPW and t his plant has a capacity of 
56 MW . To meet the rapidly growing industrial demand and to retain a strong local generating 
component, the City has been granted a permit to add 70 MW net capacities to the solid fuel power 
capacity if it chooses to do so. HBPW also owns 46MW capacity share at the J H Campbell 20 and Belle 
River21 Power Plants, both coal fired. 
HBPW also operates the water and waste -water services for the City and operates the snow-melting 
network in the downtown area. HBPW does not distribute natural gas; there is nothing in their charter 
that would prevent them doing so. 
Population and Economic Growth 
The population of Holland is expected to grow 33% from 33,100 in 20 10 to 41 ,100 in 2050. The 
economic outlook is uncertain. Like much of Michigan in the past years, Holland has seen a decline in 
manufacturing jobs. There are strong signs that this may be poised for a turn around based on the 
anticipated growth o f existing companies and new in dustrial investors. The most optimisti c 
assessments have the approximately 15 ,000 current jobs in the City doubling within 15 years . L ower 
estimates are about half these rates. Competitively meeting the energy needs of industrial growth is a 
key aspect of the CEP. 
Quality of Life 
Holland has a unique character, retaining many features of traditional Dutch lifestyle , blending them 
with a typical U.S. mid-western community. The remodeled/restored downtown is an attraction for both 
residents and tourists. The downtown already has an energy -related added value with the snow -melt 
system operated by HBPW, extending the walkability of the area and making it a year-round attraction. 
This unique quality of an attractive small c ity combined with high levels of energy efficiency can be 
expected to make it a choice for new employees generated from the growing industrial base. The 
future availability of efficient homes, affordable and reliable energy and a clean environment will be 
important factors in the overall quality of life for the City. 
 
20 http://www.consumersenergy.com/content.aspx?id=1332 
21 
http://www.powerplantjobs.com/ppj.nsf/PowerPlants3?OpenForm&cat=6034&companyname=Detroit%20Edison%20Co&plantname=Bell
e%20River 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 23 
Chapter 3: Baseline and Base Case Projections 
Background 
The first step in developing the CEP was to establish a reasonably accurate profile of current energy 
use, including energy cost and supply and associated greenhouse gas emissions. The agreed baseline 
year was 2010, chosen as representative of the post-recession reality and avoiding the worst of the 
volatility of late 2008 and 2009. 
The next step established a Base Case p rojection of energy use to 2050 using an outlook where all 
efficiencies remain static with energy use evolving based on employment and population growth. This 
―Base Case‖ is the starting point for the development of the alternative energy scenarios for the City. 
Data Sources 
The qua lity and credibility of the data used for the baseline is critical . This must be an accurate 
representation of all the energy uses and sources in the City . The data must cover energy use in 
residential and non -residential buildings, transportation and industry. It also must include information 
about the factors that will substantially impact future energy needs, including population, employment 
growth, property details, likely urban developments and other economic development indicators. 
The City has a complete inventory of all building s by age, size and type, catalog ed in a well-structured 
Geographic Information System (GIS). The H olland Board of Public Works ( HBPW) has electricity 
consumption data available using the same GIS coordinates. The GIS ensures a high degree of 
confidence in the energy and emissions baseline for the City as a whole . This data quality allowed 
energy use to be broken into 10 Energy Pla nning Districts (EDs) , allowing for a higher degree of 
assessment specificity. 
Data s ources used to establish the b aseline, Base Case and Scenario outlooks to 2050 are 
summarized in Figure 3.1.22 
Data Source 
Current Population City data 
Population Growth Extrapolation from 2005-2010 City data – adjustments agreed with City 
Employment City economic development data 
Employment Growth Extrapolation from 2005-2010 City data – adjustments agreed with City 
Building Inventory City GIS property data by type/location/age/size – grouped by ED 
Total Electricity Use HBPW GIS linked 2009-2010 monthly meter data – grouped by ED 
Total Gas Use SEMCO GIS 2009-2010 monthly meter data – grouped by ED 
Gas & E lectricity Use – Key 
Sites 
Actual 09/10 usage for Aquatic Center, Freedom Village, City Flats , Schools, 
Hospital, Hope College, city Buildings, Central Wesleyan Church 
Vehicle Miles Travelled Extrapolated from 2009 VMT Survey for Ottawa County 
Vehicle Mix Extrapolated from 2010 Michigan State Survey 
Fuel Efficiency US EPA 2009 estimates for U.S. by vehicle category 
Electricity Sources HBPW supplied 2009-2010 grouped by De Young, gas peakers and grid 
Electricity CO2 Indexes PWT estimated by electricity source agreed with HBPW staff 
Gas CO2 Index U.S. DOE Energy Information Agency 
Fuels CO2 Indexes U.S. EPA national estimates – gasoline and diesel 
2010 Energy Prices Electricity – HBPW / Gas – SEMCO / gasoline-diesel – market averages 
Figure 3.1 Summary of CEP Data Sources 
 
 
 
22 Many sources have been used and are referenced at the appropriate point in the Report. Further background is available from the PWT. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 24 
City of Holland 2010 Energy Baseline 
The City consumed 9,898,000 M illion Btu e (2,900,000 MWh e) of energy of all types for all uses. The 
estimated cost was $135 Million. The breakdown by energy type and end use is shown in Figure 3.2. 
 
Figure 3.2 Primary Energy and Fuel Use by Type and Sector 
The total energy used by type breaks into two distinct parts. The first is the energy actually used in the 
City in the form s of electricity, transportation fuels, natural gas and a small amount of heating oil. This 
is 55% of the total. The remaining 45% is the energy used to convert fuels to electricity at power plants 
in the City and elsewhere and to transport that electricity to the City . This conversion energy is a direct 
result of Holland‘s activities, paid for by the City‘s consumers. 
 
Figure 3.3 Typical Electricity Conversion Losses 
As shown in Figure 3.3 , about 70% of the energy in the primary fuel is used in generation and 
transmission. In Holland the primary fuel is 90% coal with some natural gas. Reducing the s cale and 
impact of these losses is a major focus of the CEP recommendations. 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 25 
Buildings account for over 45% of the City‘s energy use , divided into 20% in the residential sector 
(housing) and 25% in non -residential buildings. Collectively this is often called the ―built environment‖; 
a term that will be used throughout the CEP. A high percentage of this energy is wasted through 
inefficient construction, equipment and operation. Reducing this unnecessary energy waste is a major 
focus of the CEP recommendations. 
Industry accounts for 38% of the City‘s energy use, with a large part of this being electricity which 
carries with it a significant proportion of the overall conversion losses. This sector is expected to grow 
rapidly provided that Holland remains an attractive and competitive location for investors. Ensuring 
industry has affordable, clean and reliable energy is a key element of the CEP recommendations. 
Transportation makes up the remaining 17% of energy used in the City. Over 90% of energy used in 
transportation is from cars and light trucks. A major focus of the CEP recommendations will be on 
reducing the impacts of transportation energy use through efficient choices of individual vehicles, and 
possible development in the City as to gradually reduce total vehicle usage. Given the importance of 
the adoption of Electric Vehicles in North America , the CEP makes specific recommendations to 
encourage their use. 
City of Holland 2010 GHG Emissions Baseline 
In 2010, total energy-related greenhouse gas emissions caused by the City were 792,500 metric tons of 
carbon dioxide equivalent (mt CO2e). This is often called the ―carbon footprint‖ of the City. 
 
Figure 3.4 Greenhouse Gas Emissions by Type of Fuel and Sector 
The use of electricity ca uses 69% of all GHG emissions 23. Fuels for heating and hot water, 
predominantly natural gas, make up 14% of the total emissions. Fuels for transportation, mainly 
gasoline and diesel, account for the balance of 17%. 
By end use, n early two -thirds of all emis sions come from non -residential buildings and industry, 
underlining the impact of Holland‘s employment mix and the impact of industry. Many of the large 
corporations located in Holland, or planning to locate in the City, have challenging corporate targets to 
reduce greenhouse gas emission or to be ―carbon neutral‖. The CEP will include recommendations 
aimed at helping them to meet these challenges. 
 
23 The GHG emissions resulting from electricity generated in the City but used outside in the balance of the HBPW Service area a re not 
included on the Carbon Footprint of Holland. 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 26 
Residential buildings of all types create nearly 20% of total emissions underlining the possible 
contribution of homeowners‘ and tenants‘ actions to lower household energy costs and reduce the 
City‘s carbon footprint . In a similar way, individual decisions over the choice and use of vehicles will 
have a major impact on the transportation component. 
The carbon footprint represents GHG emissions of 24 mt CO2e per resident. This is an index 
commonly used by communities around the world to track their own progress to ward meeting 
emissions targets, and the CEP will use it in this context. It has some value as a basis for comparison, 
but should be used with caution since the circumstances of different communities vary widely in terms 
of activity mix, climate and energy systems. 
The established carbon f ootprint of Holland excludes impacts from agricultural, forestry, defense, 
mining, extraction, shipping and airline activities that are typically accounted for in the national or 
regional GHG inventories. These activities clearly benefit the City and its reside nts in one form or 
another. However, not including these is in accordance with widely accepted worldwide practices used 
to establish municipal carbon footprints. 
The following emissions indexes were used to develop the carbon footprint of Holland: 
Energy Type CO2e Index Source 
Electricity 990 kg/MWh (2,178 lbs/MWh) HBPW based on supply mix (own sources / grid) 
Natural Gas 203 kg/MWh (131 lbs/MMBtu) U.S. DOE EIA (low heating value) 
Diesel 267 kg/MWh (22.2 lbs/US gal) U.S. EPA 
Gasoline 206 kg/MWh (19.3 lbs/US gal) U.S. EPA 
Heating oil 251 kg/MWh (20.9 lbs/US gal) Industry averages 
Figure 3.5 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Indexes 
The footprint established in this report also does not include GHG emissions from non -energy related 
industrial processes within the City. Given the likely profile of industry in Holland, these are expected to 
be less than 5% of the energy-related industrial emissions and can be treated as ―de minimus‖. 
Energy District Baseline 
In order to get a more granular view of the Ci ty‘s energy use and GHG emissions balances, the energy 
and emission were broken down into 10 CEP Energy Districts shown in Figure 3.6. 
 
Figure 3.6 Boundaries of CEP Energy Districts 
This was only possible in large part to the excellent status of the GIS information and the cooperation of 
HBPW and SEMCO in supplying the appropriate energy data. These districts are broadly based on 
current community planning areas representing a combin ation of planning features and some common 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 27 
use and community style. These districts were evaluated in terms of current energy use and future 
development, and are a useful tool in developing local energy strategies, recognizing that the energy 
needs of diff erent neighborhoods will vary. While all of the ED‘s need to be considered in detail over 
time, some are worthy of note given some specific energy characteristics in the current baseline: 
G01 – Includes the De Young Power Plant, some major city facilities, and ―Freedom Village‖ 
E01 – Includes Hope College and its energy system and the Heinz Plant 
F01 – Includes major energy consumers- Holland Hospital, Aquatic Center, Holland High School 
L01 – Industrial area with low energy density growing quickly, includes HBPW Peakers 
The Baseline energy demand per acre for each of the Energy Districts is shown in Figure 3.7. 
 
Figure 3.7 2010 Total Energy Demand Density by Energy District 
This mapping includes energy used heating, cooling and lighting homes and buildings, the electricity for 
all other equipment and appliances in the built environment, and the totality of energy used by industry. 
It does not include transportation energy as there was no rational way to evaluate this by ED. 
The greenhouse gas emissions in each ED for 2010 are shown in Figure 3.8. 
 
Figure 3.8 2010 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Density by Energy Districts 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 28 
Further examples of ED energy mapping are in Appendix 7. The ability to view energy usage by ED is a 
valuable tool to highlight areas where differentiated approaches have the greatest impacts and guides 
many of the CEP recommendations. 
Energy Use in the Built Environment 
The built environment uses 45% of all energy. It represents a complex mix of energy needs. For the 
purpose of establishing the baseline, these were grouped into heating, cooling, lighting and other 
electrical needs. In homes, other needs would be mostly appliances, personal computers and 
entertainment. In non -residential building, they represent a wide range of uses from IT and office 
equipment through catering, advertising, retail displays, etc. 
It is not possible to identify each of these end uses from the metered energy use. A computer modeling 
approach was use d to refine the ba seline. Energy models were developed for seven building 
categories, aligned with the total gas and electricity utility data for each of the EDs. To include less 
efficient older construction, each building category was split into older and newer construction. All 
simulations were done with Energy Plus Version 6.0, an energy analysis simulation program developed 
by the U.S. Department of Energy. 
For specific buildings including the Aq uatic Center, Freedom Village, s chools, Holland Hospital, Hope 
College, City buildings, and Central Wesleyan Church, detailed utility data was provided by the owners. 
For these buildings, standardized estimates were used based on the specific building and application 
characteristics. 
Holland‘s housing u ses an estimated 76 kBtu of energy per square foot (kBtu/sq .ft.) of conditioned 
space per year. With conversion losses included, each home uses about 1 01 kBtu/sq. ft. of primary 
energy. The Midwest Region data from the U.S. DOE Residential Energy Consumption Survey (RECS) 
database shows average residential buildings energy consumption is about 47 kBtu/sq . ft., underlining 
the potential to reduce energy use in homes in Holland. 
The ―top -down‖ approach was validate d by a ―bottom -up‖ check using samples of actual building 
energy consumption compared with the modeled averages. The modeled energy use matched very 
well with the total metered energy consumption for electricity and gas of the EDs, giving a high degree 
of confidence in the computer modeled baseline. Appendix 9 has further details of the process used to 
establish the energy needs for the built environment. 
Street lighting is also a category of energy use that is significant in the built environment. In Holland 
this is not meter ed and is estimated to be about 2,000 MWh of electricity, equiva lent to about 5,000 
MWh of fuel per year. 
Transportation Energy Baseline 
Transportation accounts for 17% of total energy use. The baseline was effectively 100% gasoline and 
mineral diesel. A feasibility project on bio-diesel in city-owned vehicles is in the early stages. The driver 
of energy use is vehicle miles travelled (VMT) by vehicle type, summarized in Figure 3.9. 
 
Figure 3.9 Total VMT by Road and Vehicle Types 
Interstate Arterial Other Totals
Motorcycle 324 296 98 718 
Car & Light Truck 72,673 138,482 46,053 257,208 
Truck and Semi 7,859 9,025 3,001 19,885 
Bus 162 148 49 359 
Totals 81,018 147,951 49,202 278,171 
Total Vehicle Miles Travelled (Thousands) - 2010 Estimate

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 29 
The fuel used and the resulting greenhouse gas emissions are a consequence of the average efficiency 
of each class of vehicle. This fuel energy and emissions profile is summarized in Figure 3.10. 
 
Figure 3.10 Total Energy Use and Emissions by Fuel Type 
Holland has not recently conducted any detailed traffic surveys. The above estimates are based on 
Michigan State estimates for Ottawa County adjusted for population and road types. The vehicle mix 
information was estimated from statewide estimates. Fuel efficiencies by vehicle type are U.S. 
Environmental Agency estimates. Details of the assumptions used are summarized in Appendix 6. 
There is no significant use of Electric Vehicles in Holland. 
Base Case Projections to 2050 
To assess the effect of various strategies, a Base Case for energy and GHG emissions over the next 
40 years was established. The main assumptions used are summarized below: 
 Energy for residential and non-residential buildings will continue to be supplied from the existing 
gas and electricity networks. 
 Existing buildings will have the same efficiency. 
 The mix of primary fuel for the electricity and gas supplied by SEMCO and HBPW will remain 
unchanged. 
 Population will increase from 33,100 in 2010 to 41,100 in 2050. 
 Employment will increase from 15,100 in 2010 to 28,400 by 2050, with faster growth rates 
anticipated in the coming five years than in the remaining period. 
 Residential square footage increase s in line with population, with a hig her ratio of attached 
single-family homes and apartments relative to detached single family homes. 
 To account for estimated demolitions, 10% of new construction will replace existing buildings. 
 Non-residential building area will grow at a rate of 1% per year. A quarter of new construction 
will replace aging buildings and the balance is supporting population and employment growth. 
 New construction is assumed to be fully compliant with the applicable building code in 2010 with 
no changes over time. For residential this is IECC 2006 and for non -residential ASHRAE 90.1 – 
2007. 
 Heating and cooling will be provided by gas fired individual boilers, furnaces, and electric 
chillers. 
 On the transportation side, VMT will increase 0.54% per year due to population growth and a 
further 0.25% per year due to employment growth. The mix and efficiency of vehicles remains 
the same as 2010. 
 Industrial growth is based on the preexisting electrical load estimates by HBPW, which include 
anticipated expansion phases of the major battery manufacturers. The industrial demand for 
gas will grow at the same rate. 
 The efficiency of industrial capacity will be constant once it is installed. 
Fuel Fuel Energy Energy Greenhouse Gas
US gallon Litres MMBtu MWh mtCO2e
Gasoline 10,530,859 39,863,639 1,211,048,816 354,834 92,545 
Diesel 3,916,725 14,826,418 507,215,936 148,613 39,496 
Totals 14,447,585 54,690,057 1,718,264,752 503,447 132,041 
Transportation Energy and GHG Totals - 2010 Estimate

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 30 
Clearly, there are likely to be gains in industrial, building and vehicle energy efficiency arising from the 
evolution of technology, construction codes and operating practices. Other gains will come specifically 
from CEP recommendations. Both categories are accounted for in the scenarios. 
These Base Case assumptions result in the energy supply outlook shown in Figure 3.11, broken down 
into electricity for cooling, electricity for other uses, natural gas and transportation fuels. 
 
 
 Figure 3.11 Base Case Energy Supply from 2010 to 2050 
Electricity use doubles from 554,000 MWh in 2010 to 1 ,152,300 MWh in 2050 , mostly driven by 
industry in ED L01. Natural gas use , mostly for heating and hot water , grows from about 1,850,000 
MMBtu to 3,840,000 MMBtu. The 2050 Base Case built environment energy demand is shown in 
Figure 3.12. 
 
Figure 3.12 2050 Base Case Energy Demand Densities by Energy District 
As would be expected, the highest energy densities are in the industrial areas and the downtown. The 
greenhouse gas emissions caused by this energy use is shown in 3.13. 
0
500,000
1,000,000
1,500,000
2,000,000
2,500,000
0
1,000,000
2,000,000
3,000,000
4,000,000
5,000,000
6,000,000
7,000,000
8,000,000
9,000,000
10,000,000
2010 2015 2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
MWh per year
MMBtu per year
Base Case Energy Supply
2010 Through 2050
Electricity for Cooling Other electricity Natural Gas Transportation


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 31 
 
Figure 3.13 2050 Base Case Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Densities by Energy District 
Included in Appendix 7 are the Base Case energy demand and supply density maps by ED, broken out 
by heating and hot water, cooling, other electricity demand, electricity supply, and natural gas supply. 
The total use of diesel and gasoline in the City is projected to grow from 14.5 million gallons in baseline 
year 2010 to 19.7M gallons in 2050. There is insufficient data available to break this down by ED. 
In the Base Case, the total greenhouse gas emissions from all energy use would grow by 91%, from 
792,500 metric tons of carbon -dioxide equivalent (mt CO 2e) in 2010 to 1,511,000 mt CO2e in 2050. 
This equates to an increase from 24 mt CO2e per resident in 2010 to 36.7 mt CO2e in 2050. 
Base Case projection GHG emissions per capita rise from 24mt in 2010 to 36.7 mt in 2050. 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 32 
Chapter 4: Community Energy Plan Goals 
Community Expectations 
The community expectation is for Holland to have a world -class energy plan for decades to come. 
There is a clear desire to have an energy strategy that attracts investors, businesses and residents 
through an increasingly cost effective, reliable, clean energy supply. 
Holland‘s energy planning and overall performance was compared with communities from around the 
world to establish some benchmarks from which the City could establish the framing goals for the CEP. 
These benchmark communities included Guelph, Ontario, Canada; Mannheim , Baden-Württemberg, 
Germany; Arlington County , Virginia, USA ; and Copenhagen , Denmark. These communities are 
recognized for their commitment to the sustained increase in energy efficiency and greenhouse gas 
emissions reductions while retaining competitive energy costs and a high quality of life. 
Structured Framework for the CEP 
The benchmark communities consistently follow a prioritized ―loading order‖ to develop energy 
strategies and prioritize investment and implementation . This is known as the ―California Loading 
Order‖ in the U.S. and the ―Trias Energetica‖ in Europe , summarized in Figure 4.1 , and is the 
framework used to develop the energy plan for the City of Holland. 
 
Figure 4.1 CEP Framework – Holland Loading Order 
In a typical plan, e fficiency has the highest priority as a ―source‖ of energy, usually being the cheapest 
to achieve, with the lowest ongoing pollution and the best reliability. This is generally followed by 
various approaches to reduce wasted heat in all forms. In Holland, over 45% of all the energy paid for 
by the C ity is effectively waste heat, which if it can usefully be harvested, is an immediately available 
existing resource. To further drive down pollution and create a more flexible system, r enewable energy 
supply for both heat and electricity is an increasingly valuable part of the total portfolio for a community. 
 Energy efficiency – If you don’t need it don’t use it 
o Efficient buildings 
o Efficient industry 
o Urban design for transport efficiency 
o Local employment for commuting efficiency 
 Heat Recovery – If it’s already there – use it 
o Combined heat and power 
o Use existing ―waste‖ heat 
o Structure mixed-use neighborhoods to share heat 
o Structure industrial sites to maximize heat use integration 
 Renewable energy – If it makes sense, go carbon free 
o Renewable electricity – Photovoltaic, wind, 
o Renewable heat - solar thermal, biomass, biogas, geothermal 
o Renewable heat and power – waste-to-energy, biomass 
o Renewable transport fuels – ethanol, biodiesel 
 Energy distribution – Invest where it makes sense 
o Flexible distribution – electricity, gas, district heating, cooling… 
o Multiple fuels and energy conversion technologies 
o Optimize local / regional investments 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 33 
However, this should only be considered where there is a compelling economic, environmental or 
system reliability case for inclusion. 
Successful communities recognize that the sourcing and distribution of energy can be substantially 
more efficient, flexible, and cost effective. Changes to include more local distributed heat and power 
sources along with new distributions approaches including district heating are not uncommon solutions. 
Any such changes should be done in concert with the owners and operators of the existing regional and 
City gas and electricity networks . The goal should always be to enhance the efficiency and cost -
effectiveness of both the City energy structure and the wider regional energy networks. 
Specifically, in the case of Holland, HBPW owns both existing power generation and distribution within 
the City and to nearby communities. As a result, many of the CEP re commendations are aimed at 
enhancing HBPW‘s total asset and energy services portfolio , including district heating and potentially 
retail natural gas. 
Successful Examples of Implementing the CEP Loading Order 
There are examples of communities that are systematically implementing the Loading Order over many 
years. The EU has many cities where this has resulted in significantly lower energy densities than in 
comparable communities in the U.S. Many are in German y and Scandinavia with climates comparable 
to Holland. 
Mannheim is a highly industrialized city in Germany . Its energy -related per capita greenhouse gas 
emissions are about 11 mt; less than h alf of those Holland. Like Holland, it is heavily reliant on co al-
fired electricity and has major industrial activity in the surrounding areas. Copenhagen, the capital of 
Denmark, has emissions of less than 3 mt per capita; one-sixth the level of Holland. 
Both Mannheim and Copenhagen have reliable, competitively price d energy. They have highly efficient 
buildings served by a mix of utilities including district energy networks as well as traditional electric and 
gas utilities. The district energy make s extensive use of heat recovered from various sources including 
power generation and municipal and industrial waste. Energy in all forms is supplied from a wide 
variety of clean, renewable and traditional energy sources. Energy services are managed by a 
municipal multi-utility. 
Transportation energy use is reduced throu gh efficient urban design combined with multi -modal 
transport options including the efficient use of private vehicles. Copenhagen in particular is now 
investing in the community -wide infrastructure needed to support widespread use of electric vehicles, 
and to take advantage of the nighttime production of wind-generated electricity. 
Both cities have successful inbound investment with good track records on employment and economic 
development. In 2009, Copenhagen was ranked as the second most livable city in the world with a 
thriving, innovative economy combined with an attractive, competitive lifestyle. They exemplify the fact 
that energy productivity and competitiveness can go hand in hand. Both have ongoing goals to further 
increase their energy productivi ty. Mannheim is targeting a further reduction of 25% in emissions per 
capita by 2020. Copenhagen‘s goal is zero to become the world‘s first carbon neutral major city. 
These examples are the result of decades of city planning that systematically combin es efficiency, 
flexible distribution and efficient fuel use , in later years supported by regional policies. T here are no 
comparable benchmark examples of cities in North America; however, St. Paul24, in Minnesota is a 
good example of a city adopting a similar integrated approach, and is in a climate similar to Holland‘s. 
In 2010, the City of St. Paul adopted a Comprehensive Plan that includes a particular focus on reducing 
GHG emissions. The land use planning encourages selective densification, mixed -use neighborhoods, 
and transit-oriented developments. St. Paul requires energy efficient building for its own facilities, and 
 
24 http://www.stpaul.gov 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 34 
actively encourages private development to follow suit through a multi -faceted incentive and advisory 
approach. 
St. Paul recognizes the economic and environmental benefits of modern urban district energy . The city 
has been steadily expanding heating services managed by a municipal company, District Energy St. 
Paul (DESP). Energy is supplied through a mix of efficient and renewable so urces including natural gas 
fired combined heat and power (CHP), oil and coal -fired boilers and biomass. The system currently 
serves about 187 non -residential and 300 residential customers. It also offers district cooling in the 
downtown, enhancing the year-round efficiency and reducing peak demand on the wider electrical grid. 
DESP offers heating and cooling services at rates lower than neighboring Minneapolis. It is a profitable 
business contributing to the City revenues. 
St. Paul is a Solar America City25, and is planning a large scale deployment of solar electricity to reduce 
its carbon footprint and further reduce summer peak. While early in the implementation process, St . 
Paul‘s overall community energy target is to reduce its current per capita green house gas emissions of 
about 25mt to around 15mt by 2025. 
These examples from two continents are becoming increasingly typical around the world . There are 
comparable examples from China and other parts of Asia. Communities recognize that their quality of 
life and competitiveness will be significantly influenced by how effectively they manage their energy and 
water needs. Many cities are also realizing that the goods and services needed to support the transition 
to higher levels of energy productivity are important to creating and retaining high quality ―green jobs‖. 
Deciding on an Incremental or Transformative CEP 
Holland‘s baseline energy intensity as indicated by emissions pe r capita is 24 metric tons . T he 2050 
Base Case is 37 metric tons per capita. Before starting to develop the various strategies that would 
make up the final CEP recommendations, the Project Work Team worked with the community to 
establish a headline emissions target for 2050 . Setting this framing target early in the CEP process 
essentially decides whether the Plan will be incremental or transformational. The difference between 
these is visualized in Figure 4.2. 
 
Figure 4.2 Incremental or Transformative CEP 
 
25 http://solaramericacommunities.energy.gov/solaramericacities/minneapolis_saint_paul/ 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 35 
A good incremental CEP delivers substantial efficiency gains and emissions reductions through a 
combination of a high degree of community energy awareness and engagement in a myriad of green 
initiatives. Th ese will typically be combined with individu al projects with small to medium investment s 
that generally need no changes in either City policy or local norms. 
Holland has many voluntary energy related initiatives underway . The City already engages citizens 
through churches and many other organization s. A selection of current initiatives is highlighted in 
Figure 4.3, with a more complete overview included in Appendix 8. 
 
Figure 4.3 Holland Existing Energy Efficiency Initiatives 
Incremental plans are heavily influenced by the availability of incentives and by passionate indiv iduals, 
and risk losing inertia as incentives or local support changes. 
A successful transformative plan sets the stage for sustained energy productivity gains and emissions 
reduction at levels well over twice those typically achieved from an incremental plan, with results that 
are economically and socially sustainable for decades. Transformative plans also require high levels of 
community engagement and multiple smaller initiatives to be successful. 
They are characterized by the willingness of the Community to take on larger ―Scale Projects ‖ that 
typically would encompass entire neighbo rhoods or require substantive changes in energy supply or 
distribution approaches. These Scale Projects address not only technical aspects, but also investment 
strategies, business structures, systematic incentives and eventually City policy. Over time, this 
combination of community engagement, smaller initiatives and Scale Projects has the effect of creating 
a new energy ―business-as-usual‖ for the City. 
The City, the Sustainability Committee and Holland Board of Public Works , with input from public 
workshops, charged the Project Working Team with developing a transformative long-term Community 
Energy Plan. 
The Energy Plan will deliver world -class results in terms of energy supply reliability, overall 
economics for the City and greenhouse gas emissions reductions. 
Selecting a Headline Energy Goal 
Based on the guidance from the community, the PWT recommended establishing a 2050 framing goal 
in terms of greenhouse gas emissions per capita . Various boundary conditions listed below were 
considered before a final recommendation was made: 
CEP Base Case - With minimal improvements in overall efficiency and retaining the same supply 
structure, emissions would rise from 24 to 37 mt/capita by 2050. 
US Mayors Climate Protection Agreement – This agreement, which was signed by the City in 2008 , 
implies meeting an absolute 7% reduction in emissions for the whole City relative to 1990 levels by 
 Energy efficiency upgrades of city-owned facilities 
 Pilot program for biodiesel in city vehicles 
 Community outreach on energy and emissions reduction 
 Installation of LED traffic signals 
 Efficient re-lamping of street lights 
 Training on residential assessments for historic districts 
 Creation Care Workshops – Neighborhood Associations and Churches 
 Active Sustainability Committee supporting development of CEP 
 HBPW efficiency incentives – refrigerators, A/C, lighting….. 
 Public School and Hope College education and outreach 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 36 
2012 with no clear targets beyond. Reliable 1990 data was not available for the City . Given the 
remaining time frame, the 2012 target cannot be met. 
US Federal Legislation (Draft) – In 2010, the U .S. House passed legislation with emissions reductions 
from 2005 levels of about 80% by 2050, which would equate to between 4 and 7 mt/capita for Holland 
depending on how the increasing industrial component wer e treated. This legislation was voted down 
in the Senate and was not approved. Therefore the bill is dead unless some group or members in the 
Senate try to rejuvenate it. 
Comparable Benchmark City – Mannheim has a comparable mix of industry and population to that in 
Holland. It has a predominantly coal fired electric ity. It had 2008 emissions of 11 mt/capita , with a 
2020 target of 9 mt. 
Global Best Practice – Scandinavia – Cities such as Stockholm, Helsinki, and Copenhagen have similar 
climates to Holland. They have been implementing transformative energy policies for some decades. 
They have emission indexes in the range of 3 to 6mt/capita. All have plans for further reductions. 
International Agreeme nts – The last relevant inter-governmental declaration on greenhouse gas 
emissions was at the UN Climate Conference in Copenhagen in 2009, where a target of no t more than 
2ºC average atmospheric temperature rise was established. This would equate to a 205 0 target similar 
to the draft US Federal Legislation. 
Of all of the above, the most appropriate logic was to focus on a target that was achievable but 
challenging enough to require a commitment to widespread community engagement in efficiency, some 
restructuring of energy service business approaches, implementation of Scale Projects and deep 
change. This led to a recommendation of 10mt/capita by 2050 for the CEP, based on current global 
best practice for comparable communities in comparable climates. 
 
The PWT recommends a 2050 goal of 10 metric tons CO 2 equivalent greenhouse gas emissions 
per capita as the basis for developing strategic recommendations. 
 
Using greenhouse gas emissions per capita as a headline target is as much an indicator of fuel 
flexibility, fuel efficiency, energy end -use efficiency and cost effectiveness as it is an environmental 
indicator. This is completely consistent with the balanced economic, supply security and environmental 
objectives of the CEP. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 37 
Chapter 5: Energy Strategies and Scenarios 
Strategic Summary 
The following strategic elements are recommended to make substantial progress towards the headline 
goal of 10mt /capita by 2050 , mostly structured around the Holland Loading Order . They are common 
to all the scenarios assessed: 
Encourage Inbound Industrial Investment 
 Offer a range of energy services on the Holland Industrial Park that far exceeds the quality, 
cost, reliability and greenhouse gas expectations of potential world -class global industrial 
investors when compared with competing communities in the U.S. and Canada. 
Efficiency 
 Substantially increase the efficiency of Holland‘s 7,400 single-family homes through a 
neighborhood focused renovation supported by a structured investment program. 
 Systematically renovate the balance of Holland‘s existing buildings by 2050 to higher levels of 
energy efficiency as a part of normal renovation and remodeling. 
 Ensure all new construction meets or exceeds the likely evolution of the IECC national 
recommendations. 
 Create transparency over the ongoing energy use of buildings by encouraging the availability of 
Energy Performance Labels on all real estate transactions. 
 Recognize and encourage the evolution of the wider market to more fuel efficient, lower 
emissions vehicles. 
 Encourage the adoption of electric cars. 
 Recognize and encourage the continuous improvements in energy performance expected from 
the world-class industries operating in Holland. 
Heat Recovery and Efficient Distribution 
 Offer reliable, cost -effective district heating services to homes and building s in higher density 
neighborhoods using heat from many sources including heat recovered from local power 
generation. 
 Widen the availability of snow -melt serv ices to both increase neighbo rhood accessibility and 
attractiveness, and wherever possible make use of available recovered heat. 
Clean, Reliable, Flexible Energy Supplies 
 Ensure Holland is able to serve its anticipated growth in electricity and heating demand with 
local distributed generation that reduce dependency on any one fuel and overall emissions. 
 Ensure new generating capacity is configured to meet the district heating and snow -melt 
demands of the City. 
Strategic Scenarios 
In developing recommendations, four different scenarios combining energy efficiency, distribution and 
energy supply were evaluated. These are described below. Each was assessed for it s contribution to 
the overall energy and carbon footprint of the City, the scale and ri sk of some key investments, along 
with how each might affect the economic development of the City. No scenario has been selected that 
does not improve the energy reliability of the City. 
To ensure all scenarios also had sufficient capacity to meet the el ectricity needs of HBPW‘s customers 
in the surrounding communities outside the City of Holland, a supplementary assessment has been 
made. Details of this supplementary analysis are in Appendix 2. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 38 
All scenarios cover the energy needs of the forecasted pop ulation and employment development of the 
City of Holland as described in Chapter 3. 
Scenario A 
In this scenario , it is assumed that all existing building s will be efficiently renovated by 2050 . N ew 
buildings will be systematically more efficient compared to current average and current code. Industry 
will successfully continue to implement Corporate Energy Management Programs that deliver year -on-
year efficiency improvements. 
Higher density areas around downtown, the Hope College Campus , the Hospital and Holland High 
School will have a significant amount of district heating installations. The district heating will also be 
configured to be suitable for extending the possibility to offer snow-melt services. The downtown district 
heating uses heat recovered from expansion of local electricity generation using a natural gas 
combined-cycle gas turbine facility located on the existing James De Young site. This is described in 
further detail in Chapter 7 – Scale Projects 3, 4 and 5. 
The prospering industrial area to the south-east (Holland Industrial Park) will also be configured to have 
district heating services, associated with new combined heat and power (CHP) capacity alongside the 
existing gas peaking capacity. Recognizing the importance of low -carbon, low -cost reliable energy 
services to industrial investors, the City will potentially offer other energy services tailored to a 
customer‘s specific needs. This concept, common in Europe and Asia, is described in more detail in 
Chapter 7 - Scale Project 1. 
Scenario A uses the following specific assumptions: 
 Existing buildings, with the exception of s ingle-family homes, will be 30 to 50% more efficient 
than the current average after major renovations. By 2050, all existing buildings will have been 
renovated at the rate of 2.5% per year. 
 Single-family home s will be targeted for focused renovation in two phases. In the first phase 
between 2013 and 2033 , homes will be retrofitted with a ―moderate package‖ to be 53% more 
efficient than current ave rage. The second phase, between 2034 and 2050 will be retrofitted 
with a ―high efficiency package‖ to be 66% more efficient. The cost and details of these 
packages are described in Appendix 8. A preliminary assessment for approximately 150 homes 
in the Historic District is included in Chapter 7 – Scale Project 2. 
 Buildings will have Energy Performance Label s available to raise market awareness of their 
actual energy performance. EPLs are described in more detail in Chapter 8. 
 Industrial services will be based on 30 MW of CHP, added in sync with industrial development 
and combined with district heating. 
 Incentives on the existing HBPW Refrigerator and A/C replacement program will be 
strengthened to accelerate the installation of units with Energy Star rated or higher efficiency. 
By 2030 at least 5,000 refrigerators and 7,500 air conditioners will have been upgraded on track 
to a 100% replacement by 2050. 
 District heating services will be offered north of 24 th Street, initially anchored on Hope College, 
Holland H ospital, the Aquatic Center and major City properties . The pre -existing plan to 
upgrade Central Avenue will be expanded to include d istrict heating feeder pipes. DH services 
and extension of the snow melt can be extended to customers near district heating pipe routes. 
 To serve the growing ele ctricity demand for Holland, a 70 MW combined circle gas turbine 
(CCGT) configured for district heating will be located on the De Young site from 2016. 
 Ten MW of ―Green Power‖ from landfill gas will be included in the electricity supply portfolio. 
 Transportation e fficiency gains will come primarily from revised Federal CAFÉ Standards, 
material weight reduction, smaller vehicles and more efficient drive -trains. A small portion will 
come from a slightly denser urban design and the walkability impacts of expanded snowmelt 
services. The detailed assumptions behind the transportation efficiency gain are described in 
Appendix 9. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 39 
 Transition of about 7% of the car fleet to electric vehicles is assumed by 2050 ; an important 
aspect given the focus on battery manu facture in Holland. Under all s cenarios except B this is 
carbon negative relative to conventional fuels. In Scenario B it is carbon neutral. 
Scenario B 
This scenario includes all measures and assumptions described in S cenario A, along with the addition 
of significant renewable energy sources. The approach is flexible enough to integrate th ese when they 
are available and most cost effective, or when they are required for legislative or r egulatory reasons. 
The CEP analysis used some basic timing assumptions, but these can be easily adjusted. 
Scenario B uses the following additional specific assumptions: 
 Installation of 24 MW photovoltaic (PV) solar electricity generation between 2012 and 2050. 
The rate of installation may be accelerated if installed costs continue to fall, or if incentives or 
market prices for renewable electricity change. This helps meet State RPS requirements, and 
more importantly, it is a significant contributor to the reduction of the summer electric peak. 
 Addition of 20 MW biomass generating block on the De Young site, replacing part of the existing 
coal fired capacity. This would use bio-gasification and be in service after 2030. 
 Use of gas with 10% biogas blend by 2023 for both CHP and CCGT. This is based on a wider 
evolution of natural gas market and is clearly beyond the decision control of the City or HBPW. 
 Addition of 37 MW nominal of wind powered electricity generation by 2020 to both reduce the 
carbon footprint of the City and to contribute to meeting the State RPS. 
Scenario C 
This scenario is identical to Scenario B with two exceptions: a new solid fuel plant instead of the CCGT 
will be used for the major expansion of local electrical generating capacity, and there will be no added 
biomass generating block. 
Scenario C uses the following additional specific assumptions: 
 A new solid fuel power plant is used instead of the CCGT at the De Young site. 
 The n ew plant has generating capacity of 70 MW from 2016 configured to supply district 
heating. 
 The fuel mix will be approximately 30% biomass (wood chips) and 70% coal. Note: the fuel 
flexibility could vary widely based on many current or future possible options. 
Scenario D 
This is identical to Scenario C with the exception that the wind and solar photovoltaic capacity will not 
be added. 
All Scenarios – Existing JDY Solid Fuel Plant 
The existing JDY coal fired plant is around 50 years old, so inevitably the question of potential 
decommissioning dates and phasing arise. The CEP treated this question as an operational decision 
between the City and HBPW based on plant age, operating costs, and various community factors. 
The impact from primary energy and emissions points of view for the City is minimal, since the 
emissions index for electricity purchased from the grid is almost identical to the emissions index from 
the existing JDY Plant. The CEP treats grid electricity and electricity from the existing JDY Power Plant 
as identical from an analytical standpoint. 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 40 
 
Scenarios’ Results 
Total Fuel Use and Mix 
The evolution of the total fuel use and mix for the City is strategically important in a number of ways: 
 Energy cost is in large part driven by the total fuel needs of the City. This in turn is driven by the 
overall efficiency of the consumption, distri bution and conversion of energy for transportation, 
heating, domestic hot water, cooling and all other electrical uses. In the 2010 b aseline 
estimates, the total fuel cost of the City was about $135 Million. 
 Cost at any given time is also driven by the market price of different fuels and the relative mix. 
For most of the CEP period, the relative pricing of natural gas, oil, coal and biomass will be the 
main drivers of the overall energy costs of the city. 
 Cost in later years will also be influenced by the operating cost of wind and solar electricity 
generation which is a significant component of two of the four scenarios. 
 Flexibility to adjust the fuel mix based on availability and price of particular fuels is a critical 
aspect in managing the overall reliability and cost of the energy system. 
 Fuels have different greenhouse gas content. The overall mix defines the carbon footprint of 
the City. The evolution of legislation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions is highly uncertain 
and may or may not penalize high -carbon sources. Flexibility to adjust the fuel mix based on 
the carbon-content of specific fuels is a critical aspect in managing the environmental risks. 
The estimated fuel mix for the City‘s use of energy for all purposes in industry, homes, other building, 
and transportation based on the four scenarios is shown in Figure 5.1. 
 
 
 Figure 5.1 Scenarios A through D – 2050 Total Fuel Mix for Holland 
By 2050, all scenarios use at least 30% less fuel than the Base Case. In Scenario B, the total fuel used 
40 years from now is actually less than that used in 2010 even with significant growth in employment 
and population. This reduction is primarily driven by the following factors: 
 Higher efficiency in vehicles, buildings, homes and industry. 
 Increased efficiency of electricity generation. 
 Use of waste heat from electricity generation for heating purposes in industry and downtown. 
0
1,000,000
2,000,000
3,000,000
4,000,000
5,000,000
6,000,000
Baseline: 2010 Base Case: 2050 Scenario A: 2050 Scenario B: 2050 Scenario C : 2050 Scenario D : 2050
Fuel in MWh per year
Total Fuel Mix City of Holland
Purchased Electricity/Existing De Young Coal Natural Gas Fuel Oil Biogas/Landfill gas Solid Biomass Gasoline/Diesel

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 41 
 Use of renewable energy mainly in electricity and district heating generation. 
Different fuels cause different levels of gree nhouse gas emissions. The total GHG emissions caused 
by each of the scenarios are shown in Figure 5.2. 
 
 Figure 5.2 Scenarios A through D – 2050 Total GHG by Fuel Mix for Holland 
All scenarios avoid significant greenhouse gas emissions relative to the Base Case. Scenario B shows 
an even greater proportional reduction on total greenhouse gas emissions shown in Figure 5.3. 
 
 
Figure 5.3 Scenario B – 2010 to 2050 Total GHG by Major Strategy 
In 2050, total emissions are 522,000 mt, or 65% less than the Base Case. For the built -environment 
and industry, three factors contribute to the reduction: 
0
200,000
400,000
600,000
800,000
1,000,000
1,200,000
1,400,000
1,600,000
1,800,000
2,000,000
Baseline: 2010 Base Case: 2050 Scenario A: 2050 Scenario B: 2050 Scenario C : 2050 Scenario D : 2050
GHG in mt per year
Total GHG-Emissions by Fuel City of Holland
Purchased Electricity /Existing De Young Coal Natural Gas Fuel Oil Biogas/Landfill gas Solid Biomass Gasoline/Diesel
0
200,000
400,000
600,000
800,000
1,000,000
1,200,000
1,400,000
1,600,000
2010 2015 2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
Total Emissions (mt per year)
Development of GHG-Emissions City of Holland, Scenario B 
Base Case
Consumer efficiency
DH with CHP, CCGT, Landfill
Transportation 
PV, Biogas in PP, Biomass 20 MW, Wind 37 MW

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 42 
 Overall consumer efficiency gains. 
 District heating combined with CCGT and CHP generation expansion. 
 Renewable energy sources of all types. 
Transportation efficiency gains, mostly driven by improved vehicle technology and consumer choices, 
complete the reduction picture. If there is a substantial shift to electric vehicles, the impact on the City-
wide emissions remain neutral assuming the EVs are grid charged. 
The per capita emissions to 2050 for all scenarios are shown in Figure 5.4. 
 
Figure 5.4 All Scenarios – 2010 to 2050 per Capita GHG 
Scenario B results in per capita emissions of 13.4 mt CO 2e compared to the 36. 7 mt CO 2e/capita 
estimate for the ―business -as-usual‖ Base Case. From 2030 on, the emission per capita remain steady 
as gains in efficiency are eaten up by successful industrial growth. 
While not meeting the CEP framing goal of 10mt/capita, Scenario B puts in plac e a number of parallel 
strategies all of which have the potential to be accelerated. Specifically, the home and buildings 
efficiency recommendations are relatively modest compared to global best practice and could be 
intensified. 
Holland Electricity Fuel Use and Mix 
Holland has a major advantage over many communities by having its own municipal utility, HB PW, 
currently delivering electricity, water, waste water and some snow melt service s to the City. It owns 
and operates the 56 MW coal fired De Young power plant, and two natural gas peaking plants in ED 
L01. It also owns about a 46 MW share of coal fired capacity at the JH Campbell and Belle River 
Plants, and has contracted for about 10 MW of landfill gas capacity. 
In total, Holl and owns or controls 108 MW of mostly coal fired base load capacity , 22 MW of oil fired 
and 147 MW of natural gas fired peaking capacity. 
Holland has to make some major investment decisions concerning future electricity generating capacity 
either owned or contracted by HBPW on behalf of the City. These decisions will have impacts on all of 
the CEP goals – energy costs, greenhouse gas emissions reductions and supply security. 
HBPW currently delivers about as much electricity to customers outside the City of Holland as it does to 
the City itself. To ensure their electricity needs were recognized, the team incorporated an assessment 
0.0
5.0
10.0
15.0
20.0
25.0
30.0
35.0
40.0
45.0
2010 2015 2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
Per Capita emissions (mt per capita)
Development of GHG-Emissions per Capita- City of Holland
Base Case Scenario A Scenario B Scenario C Scenario D

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 43 
of the evolution of electricity demand from 2010 to 2050 from outside of the City in the CEP. Details 
including the rules for allocating GHG emissions are in Appendix 2. 
 The key drivers behind the review of long-term electrical generating mix of HBPW are: 
 Having the a bility to serve the anticipated future electricity demand created by successful 
industrial growth and its collateral effect on both the commercial and residential demands. 
 Filling the gap left by a possible future decommissioning of some or all of the existing De Young 
coal-fired plant without losing cost control or dispatching flexibility. 
 Meeting the requirements of the Michigan State RPS. 
 Managing the risks related to future greenhouse gas regulation and po tential cost penalties on 
carbon 
 Meeting the expectations of citizens over the quality of life in the City including energy cost, 
reliability and environmental impact. 
 Retaining or enhancing local flexibility over the fuel mix t o manage future price, availability and 
environmental uncertainties. 
This specific electrical service supply challenge will be reviewed in light of all four scenarios. The total 
electricity needs for cooling, lighting, industrial processes and other uses in the built environment were 
estimated as part of the overall energy assessment for the City. This is summarized in Figure 5.5. 
 
 
 Figure 5.5 All Scenarios – 2010 to 2050 Electricity Supply for Holland 
Two things immediately show from the above information. The various efficiency strategies are a major 
contributor to the electricity supply scenario . The PWT estimates this has a pea k capacity impact of 
about 30 MW by 203026. 
The rapid increase in the first 5 to 10 years, represent the phased expansion of major industrial facilities 
used for the manufacture of l ithium ion batteries. Assuming this successful growth does happen, this 
will require a further 40 MW of peak capacity by 2030. Aside from this specific anticipated growth, the 
 
26 2030 was used as a milestone by Black & Veatch. For continuity of comparison, the CEP will use this milestone to discuss the mix of 
electrical assets. 
0
200,000
400,000
600,000
800,000
1,000,000
1,200,000
1,400,000
2010 2015 2020 2025 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050
MWh/yr
Development of Electricity Supply - City of Holland
Total Base Case
Total Scenario Case
Industry Base Case 
Industry Scenario Case

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 44 
underlying growth in industrial electrical demand rises faster than the electrical need of the City as a 
whole. This is one of the reasons for recommending 30 MWel of efficient base-load capacity in ED L01. 
The fuel mix to meet these electricity supply needs is summarized in Figure 5.6. 
 
 
Figure 5.6 Scenarios A through D – 2010 and 2050 Electricity Fuel Mix for Holland 
Again, S cenario B uses the least fuel to meet the City‘s electricity demands. The greenhouse gas 
emissions from each s cenario are summarized in Figure 5. 7. Emissions have been allocated between 
Holland and elsewhere in the following way: 
 Emissions from electricity generation at De Young allocated system-wide. 
 All purchased electricity from outside the HBPW service area allocated system-wide. 
 Solar and Industrial Park CHP that would not have happened without CEP allocated to the City. 
Further allocation details are in Appendix 10. 
 
 
0
1,000,000
2,000,000
3,000,000
4,000,000
5,000,000
6,000,000
Baseline: 2010 Base Case: 2050 Scenario A: 2050 Scenario B: 2050 Scenario C : 2050 Scenario D : 2050
Fuel MWh per year
Fuel Mix Electricity Generation City of Holland
Purchased Electricity /Existing De Young Coal in Holland Natural Gas Fuel Oil Biogas/Landfill gas Solid Biomass

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 45 
 
Figure 5.7 Scenarios A through D – 2010 to 2050 GHG Emissions from Electricity for Holland 
The electricity emissions picture shows that Scenario B is far and away the least impact solution. 
Role of Solar Photovoltaic 
For any electricity generating portfolio, the ability to meet peaks is as important as the ability to meet 
average demand. In each for the scenarios, the base load additions and subtractions track the 
underlying demand growth and are peak relevant. Solar PV is in two of the scenarios aimed 
specifically at the City‘s ability to respond to peak demand. This is visualized in Figure 5.8. 
 
Figure 5.8 Scenarios B and C – 2050 Impact of Solar PV on Peak Electrical Demand 
About 24 MW of Solar PV will be installed in the City in scenarios B and C starting 2012 and completed 
by 2050. This has a maximum generating capacity of about 17 MW during the summer afternoons, the 
0
200,000
400,000
600,000
800,000
1,000,000
1,200,000
1,400,000
1,600,000
1,800,000
2,000,000
Baseline: 2010 Base Case: 2050 Scenario A: 2050 Scenario B: 2050 Scenario C : 2050 Scenario D : 2050
GHG in mt per year
GHG-Emissions from generation of elctricty by Fuel City of Holland
Purchased Electricity /Existing De Young Coal Natural Gas Fuel Oil Biogas/Landfill gas Solid Biomass


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 46 
same time the grid peaks due to air -conditioning demand. The Solar PV avoids the need for this 
amount of standby conventional capacity. 
Role of Wind Generation 
Scenarios B and C include 37 MW of wind capacity installed in 2016/2017. Due to the unpredictability 
of wind, this is not peak relevant, and is blended into the base load mix. This will generat e about 
90,000 MWh per year or about 10 to 11% of the 2050 requirements. Combined with other renewables 
and efficiency this will be more than enough to meet the State RPS. 
Holland Electricity Investment Scenarios 
Each scenario has a different investment profile summarized in Figure 5.9. For comparison with the 
earlier Black and Veatch study, these are calculated from now to 2030. 
Item Base Scen A Scen B Scen C Scen D 
 $ M $ M $ M $ M $ M 
De Young 70 MW SF/DH $270 - - $270 $270 
De Young 70 MW CCGT/DH - $105 $105 - - 
Industrial 30 MW CHP/DH - $60 $60 $60 $60 
Solar PV (8 of 24MW) - - $32 $32 - 
Industrial DH Network - $10 $10 $10 $10 
Downtown DH Network - $10 $10 $10 $10 
SFH Retrofit – Total 
Investment - $125 $125 $125 $125 
SFH Retrofit Owner Share - -$63 -$63 -$63 -$63 
Refrigerator Incentives $0 $1 $1 $1 $1 
AC Buyback (7,500) $0 $2 $2 $2 $2 
Industrial Efficiency $0 $0 $0 $0 
Additional Snow-Melt NA NA NA NA NA 
Total 2030 Investment $270 $250 $282 $447 $415 
Figure 5.9 All Scenarios – Electricity Oriented Investments to 2030 
There is some uncertainty about the timing of new industrial demand. In the approach including 30 MW 
of CHP and possible phasing of the 70 MW of CCGT or long-term grid contracts, there is flexibility to 
power generation as needed. They are currently assumed to be in place between 2016 and 2018. 
The Solar PV investments are higher than the level of installed costs in China today. Given the speed 
with which Solar PV costs are dropping, this could be a candidate for acceleration. 
The single -family home retrofit total investment of $125M assumes about 4,500 homes being 
renovated, completi ng Phase 1 . The added value s of the avoided peak and efficiency have been 
divided equally between HBPW and the homeowner. 
The basic investments in the DH networks are relatively modest, especially if they can be anchored on 
cost-effective larger projects as is being recommended. District heating is a key factor reducing the 
long-term emissions of the City through the use of recovered heat. It is assumed these would be 
investments made by HBPW as a part of their diversification strategy. 
In a very preliminary assessment, all scenarios add higher levels of local value than the Base Case as 
they are implemented. Of the four, Scenario B will have the highest level of local value added. 
 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 47 
Electricity and Heat Cost of Generation 
A stand-alone assessment of the cost of generation for both electricity and incremental district heating 
for the three major thermal alternatives being assessed – CCGT, CHP and solid fuel has been done . 
This is described in Appendix 10. Depending on the assumptions used for curren t and future gas and 
coal pricing, and the cost impact of climate legislation, almost any conclusion can be reached. 
However, there is no obvious reason to disqualify any of these options based purely on a stand -alone 
generating cost assessment. 
From a fu ture uncertainty standpoint, two clear uncertainties must be managed. For coal, the biggest 
unknowns are the long -term price impacts of Chinese demand and the potential cost of climate 
legislation. For natural gas, the key uncertainty is around price as it becomes the low -carbon fuel of 
choice globally, an obvious alternative to nuclear in the wake the events that occurred at the Dai-Ichi 
reactor in Japan following the March 11, 2011 T ōhoku earthquake and tsunami. Natural gas remains 
the key industrial feedstock for the petrochemical and agrochemical industries. 
The provisional conclusion is that heat and electricity generating cost differences are not reasons to 
accept or reject any given scenario. 
 
Preliminary Recommendations 
By focusing on efficiency, all scenarios contribute to reduced emissions, reduced future price risks and 
lowering the risks of peak interruptions. The efficiency recommendations relative to global best 
practices are relatively modest and could be acceler ated. This is likely one area to close the gap 
between the 13.4 mt/capita resulting from Scenario B and the 10 mt/capita CEP framing goal. 
District heating is a proven and cost effective way to offer high quality heating services and to reduce 
the overall energy use of the City and lower it s carbon footprint. Given that heating represents about 
half of the energy needs of Holland and that l ocal distributed generation is available , there do not 
appear to be any reasons not to selectively develop this strat egy. This would also provide a great 
platform to extend the popular snow-melt services. 
Holland is lucky to have t he prospect for a thriving high -quality industrial base with a good growth 
forecast. The PWT has interviewed the operating leadership of thr ee of the key industrial stakeholders 
and all are excited about the prospect of an integrated, cost-effective, low-carbon approach for ED L01. 
An approach that could both meet the State of Michigan RPS and also contribute to peak reduction as 
an ancillary value would tend to favor an accelerated Solar PV solution rather than investing in the wind 
alternative. 
The high level of uncertainty over the impacts of greenhouse gas legislation favors a strategy with 
maximum fuel flexibility between high, low and no carbon fuels. The mix in Scenario B does this, 
combined with the future flexibility offered by more extensive district heating. Below is a schedule 
related to the projects identified in scenario B: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 48 
Strategic Measure 2011 2030 2050 
Efficient renovation – all buildings 2012----------------------------------------------------------------------------2050 
Focused retrofits – single homes Moderate 2013----Linear increase----2032 
Focused retrofits – SFH High Efficiency 2033—Linear Increase-----2050 
Transportation efficiency gains 2011----------Year on year improvement--------------------------------2050 
Ongoing industrial efficiency gains 2011----------Year on year improvement--------------------------------2050 
Downtown district heating network 2012--- 2016---------Demand driven growth----------------------------2050 
Industrial Park – district energy network 2016---------Demand driven growth----------------------------2050 
70 MW CCGT expansion 2016-----------Full operation--------------------------------------2050 
30 MW CHP in Industrial Park 2016-----------Full operation--------------------------------------2050 
10 MW Landfill gas capacity 2011--------------------Full operation---------------------------------------2050 
20 MW Bio-gasification expansion (2031) 2031—-Full operation------2050 
24MW Solar Power (PV) 2012------------------Linear increase------------------------------------- 2050 
10% biogas in gas network 2014-----------------Full operation--------------------------------------2050 
37 MW Wind (or outsourced equivalent) 2016-----------------Full operation-------------------------------2050 
 Figure 5.10 Scenario B – Implementation Schedule 
Having H BPW already in place as a trusted supplier of services is an excellent starting point for an 
energy services portfolio for the City of Holland, and possibly extending elsewhere in the future. This 
would clearly add substantial local value both in the implementation phase of the CEP, and in the 
ongoing services phase that will included heating and potentially other industrial -related energy 
services. 
The Project Work Team recommends Scenario B as the basis for finalizing the CEP. 
Following future acceptance of the Report by City Council a joint implementation team comprising City 
and HBPW staff would be tasked to develop multiple detailed implementation plans including 
investment grade assessments of key high priority projects. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 49 
Chapter 6: Recommended Initial Scale Projects 
Scale Projects Background 
Holland has embraced the challenge to develop an integrated Community Energy Plan that will deliver 
transformational results. A key to its success will be engaging in ―Scale Projects‖ at an early stage of 
the implementation process. 
Scale Projects address entire neighborhoods in the City. They represent developments with the size 
and timing such that guidelines which are in line with the CEP can be applied within relatively large, but 
contained b oundaries. They are large enough to address both energy demand and supply within a 
single project. They are also projects where the number of decision makers is small. Over time, multiple 
Scale Projects blend together. This ―connecting the dots‖ creates the City-wide energy transformation. 
Scale Projects Summary 
Five initial Scale Projects are recommended. E ach is aimed at a specific aspect of accelerating the 
implementation of Scenario B. They were selected on the basis that they meet most , if not all , of the 
following general criteria: 
 Clearly demonstrate a key element of the recommended strategy. 
 Have a high probability of being implemented in a timely fashion. 
 Have a manageable number of key decision makers. 
 Are large enough for technically and economically viable integrated energy solutions 
 New business models are possible: 
o Efficiency levels above statutory levels. 
o Distribution – heating, cooling, power, and other. 
o Distributed clean and renewable supplies. 
o Innovative financing. 
 Are economically, socially, environmentally and operationally attractive. 
 Can potentially link to other Scale Projects. 
Four of the scale projects are focused on neighborhoods in Holland, shown in Figure 6.1. 
 
Figure 6.1 Four Neighborhood Scale Projects 
Each Scale Project has received a preliminary assessment that indicates the energy strategies that are 
likely to be successful. For the Hope College Campus and f or the Historic District Single -Family 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 50 
Neighborhood, assumption driven quantit ative assessments have been completed . For the other two, 
narrative descriptions of likely energy measure s and potential benefits have been completed. These 
projects fit into the overall energy strategy outlined in Chapter 5 in the following way: 
SP1: Holland Industrial Park Integrated Energy Services 
In SP1, a portfolio of energy services will be developed , specifically tailored to the current and future 
industrial employers based on the energy district boundaries . This will allow the se companies to be 
more competitive and achieve their corporate emissions goals. 
SP2: Historic District Single Family Neighborhood 
Holland has over 7,000 inefficient single -family homes, which when combined create a major energy 
demand on the City and are a major strategic efficiency focus for the CEP. SP2 encompasses about 
150 homes that will be a test ing ground for the technical, financial and neighborhood approaches that 
are required to tackle this efficiency opportunity in a strategically effective way that will add value both 
for the HBPW and for the individual homes and homeowners. 
SP3: Hope College Campus 
Hope College has the scale and opportunity to reconfigure it s energy supply, distribution and user 
efficiencies to ac hieve substantial cost savings and emissions reductions , and to establish new 
educational opportunities around innovative energy approaches. It is also ideally located to be a node 
in the future development of a wider district heating network, a major strategic component of the CEP. 
SP4: Holland High School, Hospital, Aquatic Center 
This cluster of significant energy users has the potential to develop both individual ―campus‖ energy 
plans, and potentially a local neighborhood strategy that can significant ly reduce costs and emissions, 
and mitigate substantial future financial risks. They are also well located to be another node of the 
wider municipal district heating network. 
In addition to the four neighbo rhood-oriented Scale Projects above, a fifth Scale Project is 
recommended that that builds on the potential for SP3 and SP4 to be nodes in a municipal district 
heating system. 
SP5: Initial District Heating Network 
The combination of climate, urban structure and local generation make significant parts of Holland 
excellent candidates for mo dern district heating services, and seriously exploring this possibility is a 
strong recommendation . This could enhance the competiveness of the City, create new business 
opportunities for HBPW and contribute significantly to reducing the overall carbon footprint. This scale 
project will evaluate creating the fi rst elements of the DH network by linking SP3 and SP4 with the De 
Young site and a few other significant heating users including City Hall and the Library. 
Scale Projects Next Steps 
Following approval of the CEP by the City Council, the expectation is that the appropriate decision 
makers around each of the Scale Projects will gather the appropriate resources to develop a detailed 
Integrated Energy Master Plan (IEMP). These IEMPs will be decision grade assessments that will be 
the basis for the respective ongoing implementation plans. 
The Scope of Work of a detailed IEMP will always be specific to the site and to the Community Energy 
Plan that is framing it. In all cases it will evalu ate the structural and operation efficiency potentials, 
along with the choices for efficient energy distribution supply. The IEMP will aim for an optimum 
balance between current benefit and future risk avoidance around energy cost, reliability and emissio ns 
reduction. A sample of an IEMP Scope of Work for a major mixed -use urban complex 27 is included in 
 
27 Crystal City, Arlington, Virginia included courtesy of Arlington County and Charles E Smith. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 51 
Appendix 11 to provide an example of the range of aspects that are typically included in a 
neighborhood IEMP. There is a high probability that some funding to develop these IEMPs would be 
available from the DOE. 
Scale Project 1: Industrial Park Integrated Energy Services 
Strategic Basis 
Holland will encourage inbound industrial investment to create high quality local employment, in part by 
offering a range o f energy services on the Holland Industrial Park that far exceeds the quality, cost, 
reliability and greenhouse gas expectations of potential world -class global industrial investors when 
compared with competing communities. 
Overview 
Industrial energy use in Holland is 38% of the City total, and this sector is expected to grow at a faster 
rate than the C ity as a whole. Attracting and retaining high quality industrial employment is a maj or 
economic development focus for Holland. The companies the City is aiming to cultivate all have 
sophisticated energy management targets, usually including year-on-year efficiency gains and stringent 
greenhouse gas reduction targets. They also actively manage energy costs and energy risks including 
reliability. Their energy related needs are significantly different from homes and buildings. This Scale 
Project is aimed at ensuring that Holland‘s industrial services create a clear competitive advantage for 
these companies. 
Industrial Park Description 
The Industrial Park is located in the south-east of Holland between Route 31 and Interstate 196. 
 
Figure 6.2 Scale Project 1 – Holland Industrial Park Integrated Energy Services 
The highways and the airport in the south -west make the Park attractive from a transportation 
standpoint. The Park is already home to some world -class companies. Johnson Controls (JC I) has 
both its automotive and lithium ion battery activities represented. Tiara Yachts is diversifying and is 
now manufacturing 50 meter wind turbine blades. LG Chem is completing the first pha se of its large 
North American l ithium ion battery plant aimed at the growing electric vehicle market, and is planning 
major growth in more phases. Other prestigious companies exist in this a rea and the Park has space 
to allow for both growth of existing companies and to offer first-class sites to new investors. 
 
Technical Energy Solutions 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 52 
The guiding principle will be to ensure any user in the Park has the tailored energy service s they need 
to meet their business objectives. The first service must include highly reliable electricity supplies at 
competitive prices with sufficient flexibility to keep pace with the growth. Ideally this should also be 
electricity that has an outlook to have subs tantially lower greenhouse gas emissions than at present 
generation levels, to enable the companies to manage their carbon footprints and associated risks. 
The next service would be providing heating and cooling, ideally supplied in the form of district energy 
(DE). DE has the added value of freeing up valuable space, reduc ing the equipment investment and 
lowering overall operating costs. This would potentially have much lower greenhouse gas content than 
traditional gas fired heating and electricity based cooling. 
Some manufacturing process may require process steam or process cooling which could be delivered 
as a locally -sited integrated utility, again freeing up space , i nvestment and labor c osts. As the 
integrated multi-utility concept evolves for the site, the energy service operator can also use one client‘s 
waste heat as a source for wider redistribution, further reducing costs and pollution. 
There is a n HBPW peaking plant in the center of the Park. This is an ideal locatio n for further 
development of integrated energy services. In the first phase, the solution would most likely be the 
installation of a local combined heat and power (CHP) generator, combined with the distribution of 
district heating. Depending on the conne cted customers , this could either eliminate existing heat 
sources or co-opt them into the network for efficient sharing between multiple users. 
Based on the forecasted h eat demand, a possible concept is to implement a Combined Cycle with gas 
and steam turbines (CCGT). A probable size for the next 5 to 10 years could be a system with 30MW of 
electrical power and about the same thermal capacity . Depending on the timing of area development 
and readiness of existing companies to become part of the shared infrastructure (district heating) the 
CCGT could be one unit or two modules. 
Specifically, the battery production process has trace VOCs in the exhaust gases which need to be 
thermally eliminated, adding supplementary costs. It could be consider ed to provide a service that 
would take this exhaust and use it as turbine combustion air. There is conceptually no limit to the 
options that may be offered once the basic business model is in place, including non -traditional shared 
utilities such as compressed air. 
Economic Indications 
No specific financial analysis of this option has been done due to the necessity of having the 
investment determined based on the finally agreed configuration, the phasing and total service offering. 
The estimate for about 30MW of CHP along with a basic district heating network would be 
approximately a $60M investment with reasonably favorable operating economics. 
Implementation Recommendations 
This would logically be a business diversification opportunity for HBPW, and would build on their 
existing electricity sales. The first step would be for HBPW to develop a business plan jointly with 
existing and future energy users . Initial discussions with some of the existing major industrial 
consumers indicate a willingness to pursue this idea further. 
Despite their favorable costs, operational and environmental benefits, the concept of Industrial Parks 
with shared multi -utilities is relatively unknown in the U.S. and Canada. However, they are a very 
common concept in Germany, Scan dinavia and Korea. An early stage implementation 
recommendation would be to arrange site visits to understand the options and the challenges. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 53 
Scale Project 2: Historic District Single-Family Home Neighborhood 
Strategic Basis 
Holland will substantially increase the efficiency of its 7,400 single -family homes through neighbo rhood 
focused renovation, supported by a structured investment program aimed at reducing costs, improving 
property values and avoiding investment in additional generating capacity. 
Holland will create transparency over the ongoing energy use of buildings by encouraging the 
availability of Energy Performance Labels whenever a home is sold, rented or renovated. 
Overview 
Residential energy use in Holland is about 20% of the City‘s total. Of the 12,500 single and multi family 
homes, 7,400 are single-family homes. These are mostly older homes with poor efficiency. Retrofitting 
this entire pool of single -family homes as soon as possible is a high priority focus of the CEP 
recommendations. T his Scale Project is aimed at realizing high levels of efficiency in a single -family 
home neighbo rhood that would act as a pilot for the City as a whole . It will incorporate technical, 
investment and community approaches. 
Historic District Neighborhood Description 
The Historic D istrict is framed by Central Avenue, W 13 th Street, Van Raalte Avenue and West 9 th 
Street. 
 
Figure 6.3 Scale Project 2 - Historic District Single-Family Home Neighborhood 
The District includes 162 detached homes and 27 attached homes with a t otal area of 340,000 sq ft. 
These are mostly older homes classified as historic. The estimated annual energy use of these 189 
homes is 1 ,620 MWh of electricity and 6,400 MWh (21,800 MMBtu) of gas. There are some 
commercial buildings which will be excluded from the Scale Project unless attractive synergies come to 
light during detailed planning . The following narrative gives an indication of a possible approach that 
will need to be further developed in the Integrated Energy Master Planning (IEMP) process. 
Technical Efficiency Solution 
Over a period of about two years, all the homes will be renovated using the standardized ―moderate‖ 
efficiency package 28. The renovation package is based entirely on proven, available technology 
ensuring it will have predictable performance and known costs. The basic measures are: 
 
28 See Appendix 9 for further details of the “moderate” package 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 54 
 Replacement and/or caulking of windows. 
 Insulation of roofs, walls, slab and basements. 
 Replacement of heating, air conditioning and ventilation systems and controls. 
While there will be variations from hom e to home , the goal is for all homes to be brought to a level of 
efficiency at least 50% higher than the current average. By completing over 150 renovations in the 
space of two years, it will be possible to assemble effective renovation teams and potentially capture 
significant discounts in labor and materials. This project will also be a good pilot to measure the impact 
on both the individual home and the total neighborhood consumption of energy. In addition to the home 
renovation packages, smart metering for both gas and electricity will be installed to support the Scale 
Project‘s role as a CEP Pilot . Once renovation has been completed, a standardized Energy 
Performance Label will be issued by the contractors, and updated regularly. 
Economic Indications 
The average total investment s for the ―moderate‖ efficiency package are $17.5/sq . ft. for detached 
homes and $10.1/sq . ft for attached units . This includes discounts based on standardized technical 
solutions and planning, competitive RFP process, volume and potential for similar projects in the rest of 
the City. For this Scale Project, the total investment will be about $5. 65 Million. The net present value 
(NPV) and internal rate of return (IRR) for this investment was calculated based on the following 
assumptions: 
 Current energy prices of $11.70 /MMBtu for gas and 10 ct/kWh for electricity. 
 Price escalation between 4 to 6% per year depending on scenario. 
 Avoided investment to support 0.57MW peak electric reduction (3kW per home). 
 Investment financing costs of 5%/year. 
 Conservative greenhouse gas risk – no penalty for GHG emissions.. 
 Regulated greenhouse gas risk – cost impact based on the National Association of 
Manufacturers mid-range estimates. 
This yields positive NPV of between a low of $0.62M and a high of $2.2M, with an IRR between 6.4% 
and 9.5%. These returns do not include investments that would be made anyway due to the normal 
replacement cycles. If these are included, then the programmatic returns would improve. The returns 
also do not include any positive effect on the market value of the property. The investment does not 
include any incremental costs for smart electric and gas metering. This is assumed to be a ―normal 
course of business‖ cost for HBPW and SEMCO Energy. 
Implementation Recommendations 
SP2 has benefits for the homeowners, the City , HBPW, renovation contractors and potential EPL 
certifiers. A case can be made that the real estate industry would benefit as well, if the view that 
proven energy performance will ultimate ly affect the value of the real estate. There is also potential 
benefit for investment companies seeking utility -like returns fr om energy efficiency. Some of the 
benefits will be immediate, related to the SP itself. Some are future benefits that would accrue if the SP 
is a success and proliferates to the remaining 7,100 single-family homes. Proliferation beyond Holland 
is clearly a possibility if a successful model can be put in place. This is also an educational opportunity 
for workforce development and urban energy planning. This would be of interest for Hope College and 
the Community College. 
The first step recommendation is to create a SP Task Force consisting of representatives o f local 
residents, HBPW, City, contractors and real estate agents. This should be a small group committed to 
developing a credible IEMP that would share both the investments and the benefits betwee n the most 
interested parties. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 55 
The key to the success of this project is to have a high percentage of homeowners implementing the 
measures. This will be the result of their understanding of the overall benefits, and the ease of 
financing. Most similar programs fail to achieve scale since they put 100% of the investment liability on 
the homeowner, and fail to recognize the other beneficiaries. The lack of scale in turn me ans discounts 
are not available and incremental costs increase. In parallel, the peak load reduction does not occur 
and the utility does not capture avoided investments. 
The SP Task Force will need to create a financing mechanism, guaranteed by the various beneficiaries 
of about $6M. This should be activated only if a certain percentage of the homes commit to renov ate; 
75% commitment would be a good starting point for discussion. 
The entire project would be documented as a study project to track it s social, business, technical and 
economic performance; potentially this could be a post -graduate project for Hope College to develop. 
This data would be the evidence to proliferate the concept to the entire inventory of Holland‘s homes. 
A well-structured project like this would be a natural magnet for public interest support from Federal, 
State or Private Foundation resources. It would also be a natural market for business development 
support for companies seeing this as a potential market opportunity. 
Energy and GHG Balance 
 
Figure 6.4 Scale Project 2 – GHG and Energy Balance 
The efficiency increases create a dramatic reduction in fuel and GHG emissions summarized in Figure 
6.4. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 56 
Scale Project 3: Hope College Campus 
Strategic Basis 
Holland will systematically renovate its existing buildings by 2050 to higher levels of energy efficiency 
as a part of normal renovation . Holland will ensure all new construction meets or exceeds the likely 
evolution of the IECC national recommendations . Holland will create transparency over the ongoing 
energy use of buildings by encouraging the availability of Energy Performance Labels. 
Holland will offer reliable, cost -effective district heating services to building s in the higher density 
neighborhoods. 
Hope College will include sustainability in it s curricula and its campus will be a living examp le of 
efficient energy best practice. 
Overview 
Campuses have a crucial role in any c ommunity energy plan , designed essentially as a small village 
with relatively simple ownership . They are the thought leaders of the community and can serve as a 
microcosm for the entire community . In many cases, as in Holland, campuses are embedded in the 
urban infrastructure and can serve to jump-start wider transformations of the energy infrastructure. It is 
also very common that colleges a re committed to improving their energy performance even before the 
community becomes focused on the topic. New energy solutions provide opportunities to lower 
operating costs and reduce future risks. They are also platforms that can be used to develop ne w 
curricula and to raise community energy literacy and awareness. As in Holland, it is very common for 
college campuses to be a high priority Scale Project. 
Hope College Campus Description 
Hope College is situated in a residential area two blocks from the central business district of Holland. 
 
Figure 6.5 Scale Project 3 - Hope College Campus 
The Campus is situated on 120 acres and consists of 119 buildings , of which 98 are student housing 
units. It was founded in 1866 and has continued to grow and update its buildings. The 3,200 students 
are offered a wide range of courses at Hope College. 
Integrated Energy Solution 
The PWT visited the Campus and the energy data was made available for analysis . Consulting 
members to the Team had recently completed a detailed Integrated Energy Strategy for a campus with 
similar infrastructure and pr epared the following conceptual energy solutions using the indexes from 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 57 
this plan, adjusted for the specific profile of the Hope College Campus. Based on multiple college 
studies done by the consultants in similar climates, the conclusions presented are realistic. However, 
before any implementation recommendations can be made, a detailed Integrated Energy Master Plan 
would need to be completed specifically for the Hope College. 
Hope College uses about 56 ,000 MWh of gas and electricity combined. Over 60% is supplied by 
natural gas primarily used for heating buildings. The College spends about $3M per year on energy, a 
major part of their overall costs. Like most U.S. consumers, Hope College has enjoyed a few years of 
unusually low natural gas prices; a picture that is by no means guaranteed for decades to come. 
 
Figure 6.6 Hope College Campus – Current Steam Distribution 
The annual average use of ener gy of all types i s about 386 kWh per square meter , a level s ignificantly 
higher than comparable benchmarks from Europe, indicating a substantial efficiency improvement 
potential. Most of the bigger buildings are supplied with heat via an existing steam net work shown in 
Figure 6.6. 
Following the Loading Order , the first priority is to evaluate the efficiency potential of the buildings. 
Typically this is done analytically for the larger buildings. Smaller buildings are modeled in groups. 
Since metering is not available on single buildings, the energy use is simulated. The following energy 
efficiency measures are evaluated depending on building size, equipment and usage: 
 BMS and metering upgrade (energy controlling) 
 Windows replacement and caulking 
 Wall and roof insulation 
 Optimization of HVAC-Systems (CAV to VAV, demand controlled ventilation, VFD) 
 Lighting equipment upgrade, twilight and motion sensors 
 Conversion from steam to hot water 
Based on the observed condition of the Hope College Campus, an overall energy saving of at least 
30% is possible with an implementation time for the measures of between 5 and 10 years. 
More effective energy supply options focus on heat, since cooling is only needed for a few weeks of the 
year and is managed through optimization in the buildings. The main buildings are heated by steam, a 
relatively inefficient method. Converting to a hot water network is a realistic option. Steam pipes would 
be incrementally replaced with hot water piping. During the conversion, the Campus will continue to use 
the existing steam boilers, now connected via a heat exchanger. Once the conversion is complete, 
there will be reduced energy losses in the buildings and network as well as a reduction in permanent 
maintenance costs. There are now a number of supply options possible: 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 58 
 Continuing temporary use of the existing steam boilers with heat exchangers. 
 Base load generation with gas fired CHP engines making heat for the network and feeding the 
electricity to the grid. Use of existing boilers for peak and emergencies. 
 Connect to the future City district heating network, once the generation and distributio n is in 
place, using the campus boilers as a source for the City system. 
 
Figure 6.7 Hope College Campus – Potential Future Supply Structure 
The combination of efficiency, CHP engines and peaking boilers feeding a hot water network would be 
the optimum solution for the Campus, until the possibility to connect to the City system is available. 
As the metering and control is put in place allowing individual buildings to be actively managed, Energy 
Performance Labels would be prepared a nd displayed across the entire Campus. These would be a 
key part of a campus -wide program to engage staff, faculty and students in the active management of 
the energy impacts of the Campus on an ongoing basis. 
Economic Indicators 
Based on th e above assumption a range of investment is calculated assuming a complete 
implementation timetable of about 10 years. 
EEMs and Supply Investment $M 
Building automation/metering/control 1.5 to 2 
Building efficiency (EEMs) 8 to 10 
Building conversion to hot water 3 to 4 
Pressurized hot water distribution (network) 4 to 5 
Heat generation on site (engines and boilers) 7 to 9 
Total Investment $23M to $30M 
Internal rate of return (IRR),depending on energy prices / GHG costs 10 to 15% 
Figure 6.8 Scale Project 3 - Possible Investment Scenario and IRR 
Figure 6.8 summarizes the range of investment for the option with gas fired engines on the Campus. 
The total investment is between $23M and $30M with an internal rate of return of between 10 and 15%, 
depending on energy price scenarios and future carbon penalties. This is equivalent to a payback in 7 
to 10 years. 
If SP3 is implemented, Hope C ollege now has a system that is fuel flexible and much more efficient to 
protect against future price uncertainties. The College is also configured to be a node in the future City 
district heating strategy. From a business and operating point of view, it could be a possibility for 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 59 
HBPW to acquire and upgrade the campus heating and heating supply systems, as a precursor to fully 
integrating it into the future City district heating system. 
Energy and GHG Balance 
The campus-wide efficiency creates a dramatic reduction of fuel and emissions shown in Figure 6.9. 
 
Figure 6.9 Scale Project 3 – Energy and GHG Balance 
Fossil fuels consumption and associated GHG emissions drop by 70%. In the future there may be 
possibilities to lower this further with various renewable supply choices as they become more cost 
effective. 
Scale Project 4: High School, Hospital, Aquatic Center 
Strategic Basis 
Holland will ensure the competiveness of their businesses (including healthcare) by minimizing their 
exposure to energy related risks. 
Holland will systematically renovate its existing buildings by 2050 to higher levels of energy efficiency 
as a part of no rmal renovation. Holland will ensure all new construction meets or exceeds the likely 
evolution of the IECC national recommendations . Holland will create transparency over the ongoing 
energy use of buildings by encouraging the availability of Energy Perfo rmance Labels through labeling 
all public buildings. 
Holland will offer reliable, cost -effective district heating services to buildings in the higher density 
neighborhoods. 
Holland Public Schools will include sustainability in it s curricula and its sites w ill be living examples of 
energy best practices . All facilities used regularly by the public will be living examples of energy best 
practices. 
Overview 
Concentrations of large energy consumers in small areas have many of the characteristics of a single 
campus as outlined in SP3. They have an energy profile large enough to yield high levels of integrated 
benefits, while still having rel atively few owners and decision makers. Like campuses, these clusters 
are often identified as possible Scale Projects within Community Energy Plans. 
 
 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 60 
High School, Hospital, and Aquatic Center Cluster Description 
The High School, Hospital and Aquatic Center are three large energy consuming facilities aligned along 
24th Street and bounded in the east by Michigan Avenue. 
 
Figure 6.10 Scale Project 4 – Hospital – High School – Aquatic Center Cluster 
Healthcare facilities are complex high energy consumers often with su bstantial energy saving s 
potential. In the U.S. they are operating in an industry with a very unclear future as public healthcare 
policy changes, creating a growing reason for them to focus on rigorous cost control , including energy, 
to be prepared for future eventualities. 
In a similar way, f acilities that rely heavily on public funding, such as the Aquatic Center, are facing 
major uncertainties in both budgets and policy. In addition to improved efficiency and cost reduction 
opportunities, the High School should be a living example of the CEP in prac tice. Students graduating 
when the CEP is put in place will be beginning to retire by the time its 2050 horizon comes around. 
Gaining their engagement will be key to the CEP‘s success. 
Integrated Energy Solution 
SP4 is a focal point for possible energy s avings and efficient energy supply. It is also a potential node 
for integration into a wider City energy system. The PWT was given the energy consumption data of all 
three locations. The first step was to assess the current situation of the three sites and the possible 
impacts of the same range of energy efficiency measures as are proposed for Hope College: 
 BMS and metering upgrade (energy controlling) 
 Windows replacement and caulking 
 Wall and roof insulation 
 Optimization of HVAC-Systems (CAV to VAV, demand controlled ventilation, VFD) 
 Lighting equipment upgrade, twilight and motion sensors 
 Conversion from steam to hot water for the hospital heating system 
The Aquatic Center specifically has high heat recovery opportunities from exhaust air and wa ter from 
pools and showers. A reduction of the overall energy needs of between 20 to 30% is achievable. 
Given the local climate, energy supply options mainly focused on heat ing. The key will be to make all 
buildings ―district heating ready‖. This means converting all internal structures to hot water by replacing 
any steam infrastructure or convert ing direct heated systems to water based systems. This may be a 
multi-year process for technical and economic reasons , but o nce the efficiency and conversion 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 61 
measures are complete, energy waste will be greatly reduced along with maintenance costs. At this 
point supply configuration can be assessed. The two most likely steps are: 
 Base load heat generation with gas fired CHP engines in one of the facilities or i n a new 
separate building. The three facilities could be linked with a small district heating network to 
efficiently share heat. Electricity would be fed into the City network. Existing boilers and 
standby generators, especially in the Hospital, would be trained to both serve peak demand and 
emergencies. 
 Connect to the future City district heating network, once the generation and distribution is in 
place, using the newly configured heat supply as a shared source on the City system. 
Figure 6.11 shows a possible future structure with a shared heating infrastructure. 
 
Figure 6.11 Scale Project 4 – Possible Heat Supply Structure 
From a business and operating point of view, HBPW could acquire and upgrade the heating network 
and supply systems as a precursor to fully integrating it into the future City district energy system. 
Energy and GHG Balance 
Implementation of SP4 has significant potential for the reduction in fossil fuel use and associated 
greenhouse gas emissions reductions, as indicated in Figure 6.12. 
 
Figure 6.12 Scale Project 4 – Energy and GHG Balance 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 62 
Scale Project 5: Initial District Heating Network 
Strategic Basis 
Holland will offer reliable, cost -effective district heating services to buildings in the higher density 
neighborhoods utilizing heat from multiple sources , including heat recovery from local power 
generation. 
All facilities used regularly by the public will be living examples of energy best practices. 
Overview 
District energy (DE) is a proven approach t o providing cost effective, low-carbon, high quality heating 
and cooling service to multiple build ings. Specifically in climates such as Holland‘s where heating 
energy needs far outweigh the total cooling needs, focusing on district heating makes sense. District 
heating also provides a convenient and practical way to reconfigure power generation to reduce the 
overall waste of fuel and associated pollution. District heating also enable s high levels of future fuel 
flexibility and waste heat recovery. 
Downtown District Heating Description 
The recommendation is to combine upgrading the De Young Power Plant, the Hope College Campus 
and the Hospital/High School/Aquatic Center Cluster as the starting point for the eventual creation of a 
significant district heating system covering the downtown area of the City. It is an assumption that this 
will be owned and operated by HBPW as a business expansion of their existing utility business. 
It is recommended that the first step s of SP5 should be taken in the next 12 months. Holland is 
planning to renew the surface of Central Avenue between 7th and 19th Streets. Prior to the CEP, it was 
planned to include a low temperature water system to extend the existing snow melt system. The PWT 
is recommending changing this to be a pre-insulated 6 to 8 inch district heating pipe . This would 
provide sufficient heat capacity for the anticipated future district heating base load supply. This would 
be a very small additional investment from the original plan, and would make use of an opportunity that 
may not be repeated for several decades. 
The n ext steps will be to connect SP3 and SP4 as the se projects are completed. At this point, 
rationalizing the local and HBPW ownership of the system should take place. 
Next, the district heating connection to the De Young Power Plant should be made to the new CCGT 
units which will already be configured to supply heat at the necessary temperature, typically up to 
250°F (120°C). In the transition phase , the Central Avenue pipes could be used with the current l ow 
temperature level for snow melting, or could be converted to a higher temperature system with the 
snow melt connected by local heat exchangers. 
Other buildings will connect over time, as part of the overall City strategy as the district heating utility 
expands. Typically they would connect when their existing heating plant is due for replacement, or 
when they undergo a major retrofit. New construction would generally connect to the network wherever 
possible. Obvious candidates for early connection to the DH network are the Library, City Hall and 
Freedom Village. Depending on the final layout of the initial phases, the preliminary estimated 
investment for the district heat pipes is between $5M and $10M. 
As the system evolves, a western run for the dist rict heating network could be considered, extending 
beyond the SP4 and past the Heinz plant, potentially collecting waste heat for redistribution from the 
plant, and closing the loop at the De Young site. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 63 
 
Figure 6.13 Scale Project 5 - Initial District Heating Network 
Implementation of district heating is a key item to achieve significant fuel efficiency and greenhouse gas 
emissions reduction targets. An early implementation of this strategy is strongly recommended. 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 64 
Chapter 7: Enabling Mechanisms 
Overview 
The preceding chapters describe the key strategies associated with efficiency, energy distribution and 
energy supply that make substantial progress to ward meeting the framing goal of 10 mt/capita , along 
with favorable economics and improved reliability. Successful implementation will require an energy 
literate population and leadership, supported by appropriate information and decision making 
processes. Putting these mechanisms in place will ensure the thousands of individual decisions that 
affect the City‘s energy performance will deliver the long-term goals established in the CEP . Nine such 
cross-cutting measures or ―Enabling Mechanisms‖ are recommended. 
The effective implementation of these Enabling Mechanisms will require the active engagement of 
many stakeholders including the City‘s elected leadership and staff, HBPW, the Holland Area Chamber 
of Commerce 29, and the Holland Sustainability Committee . The Sustainability Committee was 
established in 2009 and is described more fully in Appendix 8. 
Enabling Mechanism 1: Financial Incentives 
Holland will establish a comprehensive information service on available financial incentives for 
businesses and residents. In addition they will design and manage local financial incentives essential 
for the successful implementation of the CEP. 
Background 
There is a wide range of financial incentives and other resources available to encourage energy 
efficiency and greenhouse gas emissions reduction. These are aimed at industrial companies, 
residential and non -residential building owners, operators and builders, vehicle owners and 
transportation system operators. Financial incentives may include tax rebates, discounts and grants 
associated with the purchase of an energy efficient home appliance, commercial offic e equipment, 
computing devices, and vehicles. Other incentives defray training costs for tradespeople in efficient 
construction and facility teams in efficient building or industrial operation. Increasingly , incentives are 
available to companies and communities to support the costs of feasibility studies and long-term energy 
planning. 
There is a growing range of financial incentives aimed at increasing clean and renewable energy 
supplies. These can include ta x rebates, grant and planning assistance. The use of feed -in-tariffs for 
renewable and clean electricity where the market price is guaranteed, common for many years in parts 
of Europe, is increasingly seen in the U.S. and Canada. 
Incentives are available through Feder al, State and Utility programs . In addition, it is common for 
various national and international private and non -profit trus ts to support specific program s. Private 
companies may offer preferential pricing or financing to solu tions or products incorporating cleaner and 
efficient energy aspects. 
A summary of the some of the incentives available today are listed in Appendix 12. Over the next forty 
years, these can be expected to change rapidly and substantially. Ensuring that businesses and 
residents are aware of the incentives available at any given time will be a key to accelerating the 
successful implementation of the CEP. 
Information on Energy Incentives 
The City and HBPW staff should ensure that current information on incentives is readily available and 
facilitate the following guidance and activity: 
 Maintain a comprehensive database on the available financial incentives. 
 
29 http://www.hollandchamber.org/index.php?submenu=About&src=gendocs&ref=AbouttheHollandChamber&category=Main 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 65 
 Provide information on rules and limitations of energy -related financing in general, including 
mechanisms like energy-efficient mortgages and performance contracting. 
 Seek early adopters from major public or private property owners, religious communities, 
civic associations, or other community groups to promote their success in utilizing 
incentives. 
 Work with owners, developers and others to engage decision makers early in a project to 
help ensure required energy narratives include the financial aspects. 
 Act as an intermediary to maximize potential for Holland to receive State, Fe deral and 
Foundation incentives. 
The incentives database and associated services should initially be created by City staff with a 
structure that could allow shared costs between public and private sources. Some of the companies in 
Holland whose business include s energy efficient and a lternative energy may be candidates for 
participation. 
Specifically at a local level, two strategic areas have been identified where local incentives need to be 
developed: 
Local Incentive 1: Single-Family Home Retrofit Packages 
The CEP calls for the deep retrofit of Holland‘s 7,400 single-family homes in two phases: 
 Phase1 – 2013 to 2033 ―Moderate‖ Retrofit 
o By 2033 about 4,500 homes will have been retrofitted to be 53% more efficient 
o Average cost will be $28,000 per home 
o Total investment $126M 
 Phase 2 - 2034 to 2050 ―High Efficiency‖ Retrofit 
o Between 2034 and 2050 about 3,000 homes will be retrofitted to be 66% more efficient 
o Average cost will be $60,000 per home 
o Total investment $180M 
This benefits the h omeowner with reduced operating co sts and enhanced pro perty value; it benefits 
HBPW with an approximate 25MW peak electricity demand reduction ; and it is a major contributor to 
the overall GHG emissions reduction target in the CEP. Considering the benefits, the City and HBPW 
should facilitate the creation of a revolving financing facility to retrofit between 200 and 300 homes per 
year. Risks and costs should be structured to reflect the benefits accruing to the homeowner, the City 
and HBPW. The payments are most likely to be made via either utility or property tax mechanisms. 
Scale Project 2 is intended to be a pilot program to establish this financing facility. 
Local Incentive 2: Refrigerator and Air Conditioner Replacement Incentives 
As in most U .S. cities, Holland has a large inventory of inefficient residential refrigerators and air -
conditioners. During the summer months, these are costly for the homeowner to run . Combined they 
greatly increase the peak electricity demand and create a major source of GHG emissions. The CEP 
calls for an aggressive replacement of these with units that on average will be 30 to 50% more efficient. 
The target is to replace about 300 refrigerators a year and about 450 air conditioners. 
Holland does have existing incentives in place for the replacement of refrigerators30 and air 
conditioners31 with modest rebates and equally modest acceptance. To be valuable to the utility in 
terms of effectively reducing peak demand, faster and wider replacement is essential. Increasing the 
average rebate for refrigerators to $200, and $250 for AC units is recommended. HBPW should work 
 
30 http://www.hollandbpw.com/SiteCollectionDocuments/Green%20Initiatives/Energy%20Smart/Brochure/MPPA_Oldfridge_Holland.pdf 
31 http://www.mienergysmart.com/holland.html 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 66 
with the City, and potentially some private companies , to design an incentive that will meet the 
accelerated efficiency targets. 
Enabling Mechanism 2: Greenhouse Gas Emissions Management 
The City will acquire, register, and report greenhouse gas emissions data. Where appropriate the City 
should monetize emissions reductions or emissions avoidance where it is possible and cost-effective. 
Background 
The 2010 energy use in the City caused 792,500 mt of energy related greenhouse gas emissions. 
Under the CEP Scenario B, this will be constra ined to be no more than 521,805 mt in 2050, compared 
to the Base Case with an estimated increase of 1,511,400 mt in 2050. 
The emissions level is a key m easure for the City‘s energy performance, and should be tracked and 
publicly reported on an ongoing basis , recommended to be at least twice a year. Acquiring emissions 
data will be a relatively easy task for industry and the built -environment using the ex cellent energy 
metering and GIS already available from the City, HBPW and SEMCO Energy. Overall transportation 
emissions will continue to be estimated from selected traffic surveys. 
Legislation in some countries, and even some U .S. States, already requires independent registration of 
GHG emissions by various companies and organizations. New EPA legislation due to go into force in 
2011, will require GHG emissions registration by all major emitters, including power generators, as the 
first step in curtailing their overall emissions level. 
In some part s of the world, including some provinces in Canada, emitters may have to pay carbon -
taxes based on the carbon -content of the fuel they use. In other parts of the w orld, most notably the 
EU, a cap-and-trade scheme is used, whereby emitters can meet their emissions ―cap‖ by either selling 
emission permits if they are able to be more efficient than the limit, or buying permits of they exceed 
their ―cap‖. The market sets the price of the permit based on availab ility. Currently there is no national 
cap-and-trade scheme in the U.S. for GHG. There are regional emissions markets in the north-east for 
power producers only 32 and soon in California 33 for all eligible emitters. In addition, there is a voluntary 
market in the U.S. for greenhouse gas emissions reductions. 
GHG Registration 
To participate today or in the future in any of these carbon markets and to prepare for legislated 
markets will require qualified registration of emissions with a recognized independent registry. The 
PWT recommends that the City ‘s emissions be registered with The Climate Registry 34 which is 
recognized by 42 U.S. States, 6 Mexican States and 10 Canadian Provinces. 
The Registry offers systems for tracking both emission levels and emission r eductions using widely 
recognized methodologies. Certifying emission reductions in this recognized way creates credibility and 
can allow emissions reductions to be qualified for future trading purposes. This registration would be in 
addition to any regulat ory requirements under the EPA regulations for any entity in the City. The 
registration would likely be best coordinated by HBPW. Holland‘s emissions w ould be registered in 
three groups: 
 Group 1: City Operations 
The city has been tracking energy and other data on its buildings and vehicles at a level sufficient for 
their emissions to be registered and certified by the Climate Registry and updated annually. 
 
 
32 http://www.rggi.org/home 
33 http://www.arb.ca.gov/cc/cc.htm 
34 http://www.theclimateregistry.org/ 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 67 
 
 Group 2: Selected Scale Projects 
Where a Scale Project is suppo rted by a detailed Integrated Energy Master Plan with clear operational 
boundaries, the recommendation is to formally register these projects‘ baselines, with annual updates 
and verification. 
 Group 3: City-wide Emissions Balance 
The City can use the Registry data tools to track emissions that do not have the necessary details or 
ownership suitable for formal verification (i.e. everything not included in Groups 1 and 2). 
GHG Monetization 
Emissions reductions registered in Groups 1 and 2 above can be verified and converted into Climate 
Reserve Tons (CRTs) which are tradable securities. Depending on future legislation and market 
demand, their value may rise. Due to current low values, monetizing at this stage is not being 
recommended. 
Enabling Mechanism 3: Energy Performance Labeling 
Holland will create transparency over the current and ongoing energy use of buildings by encouraging 
the voluntary availability of Energy Performance Labels on all real estate transactions. The labels will 
be prominently displayed in buildings frequently used by the public to both inform and educate. 
Background 
An Energy Performance Label (EPL) summarizes a building‘s energy and GHG performance, reflecting 
both site and source energy use. The EPLs compare the building‘s actual energy performance to the 
CEP goals and to comparable buildings. EPLs for buildings can be considered similar to a miles -per-
gallon (mpg) rating for vehicles as a performance indicator. 
The PWT is recommending that the City, Holland Public Schools, Hope College, Freedom Village , 
HBPW, Churches and other major property owners and opinion leaders, lead by example and post 
EPLs in their buildings. Some of Holland‘s major businesses have interes t in the wider market for 
efficient buildings. The EPL could be an area for potential sponsoring. 
Energy Performance Labels should be posted in buildings used regularly by the public to both inform 
and educate about their actual energy and GHG performance . Voluntary EPLs could be available to 
prospective buyers or renters to both test market feedback and acceptance. 
Experience where EPLs have been adopted shows there is a steady improvement in the energy 
efficiency, often exceeding local codes or targets . Following successful voluntary trials in Denmark and 
Germany, the EU made EPLs mandatory beginning in 2007 for all properties. In the EU, the availability 
of EPLs in real estate transactions is an accepted practice. In the U.S., ASHRAE, Resnet and DOE are 
supporting voluntary labeling program on a national basis. 
The PWT is not recommending any particular EPL format. That decision will be part of subsequent 
implementation planning for the CEP . Examples from Germany, the UK and the U.S. are shown in 
Figure 7.1. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 68 
 
Figure 7.1 Energy Performance Labeling Examples 
A study has been recently completed summarizing the EPL experience in all the EU member states at 
the end of 201035. The ASHRAE Building Energy Quotient 36 labeling initiative is at an earlier stage. It 
reflects many aspects of the EU program and is mainly focused on non -residential buildings. Resnet37 
has a comparable initiative for homes. 
Whatever the final decision on format, the EPL should meet the following criteria: 
 Be intuitive in terms of higher or lower performance 
 Communicate clearly the energy and GHG performance in numerical/quantitative terms 
 Compare the performance against peer properties 
 Provide recommendations for cost-effective energy performance 
 Have low cost to implement 
 Be made available on request to buyers and renters 
 Include a credible rectification guarantee if actual performance falls short 
An effective, voluntary EPL program needs the engagement of many stakeholders to: 
 Provide information and education to residents, realtors, mortgage lenders, property developers 
and builders about the benefits of EPLs; 
 Ensure consistency with City-recommended voluntary EPL guidelines for bo th new and existing 
properties; 
 Commit all city-owned buildings to publicly post EPLs; 
 Seek out early adopters including property owners, developers, builders and property renters; 
 Incorporate EPLs in all Scale Projects and neighborhood energy plans; and 
 Offer Holland as a state or national pilot, both to attract incentives and to gain possible 
regulatory exemptions. 
 
 
 
35 http://www.epbd-ca.org/Medias/Downloads/CA_Book_Implementing_the_EPBD_Featuring_Country_Reports_2010.pdf 
36 http://www.buildingeq.com/ 
37 http://www.resnet.us/home-energy-ratings 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 69 
Enabling Mechanism 4: Degree of Community Engagement and Energy Literacy 
Holland will establish a process to regularly and systematically measure public understanding of energy 
use and supply. The results will guide ongoing public energy education and training. 
Background 
The National Academy of Sciences conducted a 2010 national survey 38, which concluded that the 
public has a relatively good understanding of recycling issues and transportation choices. However, 
there were large gaps in understanding energy use in homes and buildings, the potential of energy 
efficiency, and an ove rall lack of ―energy literacy.‖ Good general knowledge by the community about 
the complexities of energy use and supply and it s impacts on everyday life and future risk is critical to 
achieving the goals of the CEP. 
Energy is intrinsically related to personal and professional decisions involving home and business 
location, transportation choices, and appliance and equipment purchases and use. Knowing the level 
of the community‘s awareness and understanding is a key to the success of the CEP . A community-
wide survey could be conducted that would help identify possible areas of improvement around energy 
literacy. This could provide a ti e in to EM5, involving local colleges in collecting and extrapolating the 
data. They could possibly hold community workshop that would address the areas where improvement 
is shown to be needed. 
The enhancement of the community‘s knowledge can be accomplished in many ways. Some examples 
could include holding community workshops through organizations already showing interest in 
sustainability; direct mail flyers or other media published through HBPW; providing information and 
examples from the City during community events; and best practice and idea sharing among local 
businesses such as City Flats Hotel who have taken steps to reduce their energy usage. The last item 
could also be a process encouraged by the Chamber of Commerce. 
Enabling Mechanism 5: Energy Education and Training 
Holland will ensure that their college, school and workforce training curricula appropr iately reflect the 
goals and priorities of the Community Energy Plan for decades to come. 
Background 
Education and training of all citizens should be an ongoing and evolving process. As basic energy 
literacy grows, programs can focus on more complex concepts to enable sophisticated decision making 
about energy use. Teaching and training all segments of the population is critical for Holland to achieve 
breakthrough energy performance. 
The 40-year time horizon addressed by the CEP make it important to address all ages using multiple 
educational resources . Today‘s adults will start the energy transformations that will be inherited and 
adapted in the future by today‘s students. Educational approaches must adapt as technology and 
opportunities evolve. 
Public and Private Schools 
Schools have a powerful opportunity to include energy efficiency in individual choices, career 
opportunities, and future policy. Curricula should be adjusted to raise energy literacy for all ages. 
Students should also be encouraged to become more involved in the management of energy in their 
own schools, creating hands -on learning opportunities. Th is can also be a catalyst to applying their 
energy knowledge at home. 
 
38 http://www.aceee.org5 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 70 
This is already recognized by Holland Public Schools 39. Extracurricular programs such a s LEAF -
Environmental Awareness G roup - focus on environmental issues. Build 21, the program developed 
around school construction, in part focuses on sustainability and is guided by a team comprised of staff 
and parents. In addition to the more day-to-day items, the School District‘s Strategic Plan calls on HPS 
to examine, evaluate and implement energy efficiency measures. Specific re trofits and measures 
around making new construction more efficient are underway. These will both cut costs and be living 
examples to the students, parents, faculty and staff. 
The Career Center offers courses and apprenticeships in the applied trades. Their vocational training 
should be adjusted to meet the needs of the CEP and to prepare tomorrow‘s workforce for the wider 
opportunities in the energy field. 
Hope College 
Hope College40 has a Vision clearly supporting a sustainable view of the future: 
 We are striving to meet our present and future needs while minimizing our negative impacts on 
the ecosystems upon which all life depends. 
 In our academic courses, student life programs, campus ministry activities, food services, 
building and grounds polici es, and business operations we seek to be responsible stewards of 
the earth entrusted to us by God. 
 Called to be global citizens, we will engage the world constructively through our teaching, 
research, and community service in order to shape Hope College into a model of sustainability. 
In addition to program s in energy po licy, law, business, scientific research, and technology 
development, the College hosts seminars and lecture series associated with sustainability. In its own 
operations, it focuses on energy reduction . This is being achieved through lighting changes, more 
efficient equipment operation, purchase of energy efficient equipment and a wide range of scheduling 
and operational improvements. 
Holland is not the only community developing communi ty-wide energy plans. This trend is already 
highlighting a shortfall of suitable professionals in energy engineering, energy planning, energy 
economics, urban planning and policy, alternative energy business development and so on. This 
presents a significant opportunity to Hope College to adjust it s educational offerings, not only to serve 
the needs of Holland‘s CEP, but also to raise its attractiveness for future students. 
Workforce Retraining 
Implementing the CEP will create an immediate need for qualified and trained professionals in multiple 
sectors, including construction, building operations, finance, planning, energy services, and law. The 
need for this enhanced expertise will not be limited to Holland and should be seen as a wider 
opportunity for Holland and be coordinated with other regional training efforts. 
Holland should develop a comprehensive understanding of the necessary workforce restructuring. The 
effort should be sustained by a network of voluntary, academic an d public and private professional 
resources, including non -governmental organizations, trade groups and business associations. 
Wherever possible, this could be achieved by realigning and reprioritizing existing programs and 
resources, both to create consistency and to minimize incremental costs. 
Areas that require significant changes from current practice can be targeted for focused education, 
outreach and workforce development programs. These will include efficient construction and operation 
of buildings, design and installation of integrated energy solutions including smart metering, district 
 
39 www.Hollandpublicschools.org 
40 www.Hope.edu 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 71 
heating and distributed heat and power generation. The business aspects of how these are financed 
and run will also open up new skill requirements, including carbon management. 
The companies located in Holland that have significant interests in energy efficient markets are a 
natural partner to include in this dialogue. 
Enabling Mechanism 6: Standards, Codes & Guidelines for Residential and Non -
residential Buildings 
Holland will ensure that clear current planning, renovation and construction guidelines for homes and 
buildings that support the energy and greenhouse gas performance targets of the CEP are in place. 
The guidelines will include district heating connection and specific expectations for larger scale 
developments. 
Background 
In 2010, Holland‘s r esidential and non -residential buildings account ed for about 45% of the City‘s 
energy use and greenhouse gas emis sions. To meet the overall energy productivity goals, the CEP 
calls for efficient renovation, deep retrofits of single -family homes, and more efficient new construction. 
It also calls for ongoing improvements in efficiency over time. The actual energy performance of 
buildings will be visible through Enabling Mechanism 3: Energy Performance Labeling. 
In Michigan, it is the State that establishes the s tate-wide building energy codes, not the municipality 41. 
During the baseline year of 2010, the applicable residential code was based on the 2003 International 
Code Council (ICC) International Energy Conservation Code (IECC). In the same year, the applicable 
non-residential code was ASHRAE 90.1-1999. These are below the U.S. average. Updates have been 
delayed over numerous legal challenges and t here is a convoluted history of implementation in 
Michigan. 
The Michigan State Energy Codes for all new construction was changed in March 2011. Residential 
codes will now meet the 2009 International Energy Conservation Code , and non-residential will meet 
ASHRAE 90.1 -2007. This brings Michigan in line with the majority of U .S. states and represent s at 
least a 20% energy efficiency improvement from the previous situ ation. There are no explicit energy 
standards for major renovations. The State reviews its energy codes every three years. Bo th IRC and 
ASHRAE have updated c ode recommendations. The 2012 IERC is adopted as a national 
recommendation and will be at least 15% more efficient than the 2009 code. The evolution of efficiency 
for IERC is summarized in Figure 7.2. 
 
Figure 7.2 History of U.S. Residential Efficiency Codes (IERC) 
 
41 See http://bcap-ocean.org/state-country/michigan for an independent summary of the background to Michigan State Energy Codes. 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 72 
ASHRAE 90.1 – 2010 is 25% more efficient than the 2007 code. The evolution of efficiency for 
ASHRAE 90.1 is summarized in Figure 7.3 
 
Figure 7.3 History of U.S. Commercial Efficiency Codes (ASHRAE) 
This background indicates t hat much of the efficiency gain called for in the CEP could be achieved by 
rigorous implementation of existi ng or anticipated codes. The City should establish clear guidelines 
that lay out their expectations for new construction, recognizing that the formal jurisdiction remains with 
the State. 
For renovation, the c ity will need to develop guidelines that clearly state the energy performance 
expectations over time. While not legally binding, they will generally be relatively easy to meet, 
especially in the first decade or two of the CEP, given the relatively low ove rall efficiency of the 
baseline. 
The City guidelines will be different for developments that are single large buildings, or that encompass 
multiple buildings clustered in neighborhoods. These would include a request for an assessment of 
local distributed supply options or connection to the district heating network if this is a possibility. 
Many communities are asking for major new construction or renovation to meet other voluntary rating s 
such as the ENERGY STAR label, introduced by the Environmental Prote ction Agency (EPA) for 
commercial buildings in 1999. Buildings achieving a score of 75 or higher (on a 1 –100 scale) are 
eligible for the ENERGY STAR label, indicating that they are among the top 25 % in the country for 
energy performance, with an average 35% less energy use. 
Another widely known rating system is Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED), 
developed by the U.S. Green Buildings Council. LEED is not just about energy efficiency as it promotes 
a who le-building approach to sustainability. Ratings ar e from LEED certified to LEED Platinum. 
However, a LEED building need not be more energy efficient than one that is ASHRAE compliant. 
If the City anticipates using one of these as a backdrop to the CEP guidelines, they must always be 
combined with EPLs to ensure ongoing energy performance and market transparency. Unlike the EU‘s 
2008 recast of the Energy Performance in Building Directive (EPBD)42, none of the U.S. Codes or rating 
systems specifically call s out the greenhouse gas performance of buildings. The City of Holland 
guidelines should do this. Again the EPL is the logical tool to gain transparency around this. 
There is often concern about challenging property owners, developers and builders with expectations 
that may exceed the current legal minimum. It has been the experience of the consulting members of 
 
42 http://eur-lex.europa.eu/JOHtml.do?uri=OJ:L:2010:153:SOM:EN:HTML 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 73 
the PWT that the real estate industry is increasingly recognizing the competitive benefits of energy 
efficient buildings, served by flexible , cleaner energy supplies. Ex pected objections frequently do not 
materialize and there is a positive reaction to engaging with a community that is developing a coherent 
long-term energy strategy. 
Enabling Mechanism 7 : Institutionalize Long -term Breakthrough Energy Planning and 
Performance 
Holland will put in place the necessary institutional framework to deliver breakthrough energy 
performance for decades to come. 
Background 
Once the CEP is finalized and accepted by the City Council, Holland need s to institutionalize the 
recommended changes. This will require work across all City departments and with numerous 
community partners. In addition to the initial implementation, the City will need to create a continuous 
improvement process that is effective and simple. From the City Go vernment side , the following 
actions are recommended: 
 Adopt a resolution to accept the CEP as the basis for the City‘s long-term energy strategy. 
 Develop an Implementation Plan. 
 Annually report progress against the seven measures of success. 
 Integrate the Implementation Plan into the City‘s Comprehensive Plan. 
 Plan to review and update the CEP as needed. 
 Establish a City Energy Advisory Group representing all the major interests of the Ci ty. It 
will help to attract new investments and clean energy business es, and act as a sounding 
board and offer guidance for the City and neighborhood teams throughout this effort. 
 Consider a position for a City Energy Manager responsible for the overall CEP 
implementation and reporting. 
 
Enabling Mechanism 8 –Changed Role of HBPW 
Holland will establish a process to formally expand the business mission of HBPW to be a full service 
municipal multi-utility company. 
Background 
The CEP recommendations include adding district heating in the downtown and a ra nge of utility 
services in the Industrial Park. The City should formally designate those parts of the City to be serviced 
by HBPW acting as a Municipal Energy Company (HBPW -MEC). This will be a role distinct from 
HBPW‘s role as a regulated electrical utility. 
HBPW-MEC has been granted by charter the right to supply thermal (heating and cooling) , domestic 
hot water and snow -melt services by district heating systems on an exclusive basis anywhere within 
Holland. 
Enabling Mechanism 9: Encouraging Regional Energy Planning 
Holland will positively engage with Holland Township and other surrounding communities to widen the 
geographic scope and benefits of the CEP. 
Background 
The CEP currently focuses solely on the City of Holland. However, there are opportunities for added 
benefits to the surrounding communities; especially since HBPW already provides service to clients 
beyond Holland and some utility infrastructure is shared . As the City‘s CEP activities increase , it is 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 74 
important to seek State -level support to accelerate its success. Holland‘s leadership in developing the 
CEP could serve as a catalyst to address regional utility, transportation, and energy use opportunities. 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 75 
Chapter 8: Role of HBPW as Municipal Energy Company 
Background 
The recommendations have some very specific impacts on the possible business role of HBPW as a 
potential supplier of the following services: 
HBPW Multi-Utility Services 
Services Citywide Downtown Industrial 
Park 
Electricity 
Natural Gas 
District Heating 
Domestic Hot Water 
Snow Melt 
District cooling 
Process steam 
Process Chilling 
VOC Incineration 
Compressed air 
Industry heat recovery 
Solar PV – Own/Operate 
End use EPC 
Figure 8.1: HBPW Multi-Utility Services – Possible Portfolio 
The items in Green are realities and immediate recommendations, and will be those covered in the 
following paragraphs which outline the ways in which they may adapt the role of HBPW. The Orange 
items are services that could be delivered in the future. Those in Red are unlikely possibilities. 
Establishing HBPW-Municipal Energy Company 
The HBPW -MEC would be established as a separate operating company, distinct fr om the regulated 
electrical utility. There would appear to be no regulatory barriers in Michigan to establishing a district 
energy company as long as the diversification clearly did not affect HBPW‘s ability to fulfill its statutory 
role. 
As summarized in the description of Enabling Mechanis m 8, the City would grant HBPW -MEC the 
exclusive right to supply district energy anywhere in the City of Holland. 
HBPW-Municipal Energy Company Ownership Structure 
HBPW is currently wholly -owned by the City of Holland. In principle, HBPW -MEC as a separate 
company could have a different ownership structure. Typical ownership structures seen around the 
world are summarized in general terms in Appendix 16. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 76 
The CEP PWT as a whole is not making any firm recommendation on the ownership structure in part 
due to possible conflicting interests. T he Consulting Team is recommending that serious consideration 
be given to the following HBPW structure of a City-owned Company 
HBPW-MEC would be 100% owned and operated by t he City. It would deliver services under service 
quality and financial terms agreed with the City. It would act as cooperative from a business model 
standpoint. The obvious advantage of a cooperative structure is the possibility to ultimately return 
benefits from efficiency and other factors back to the rate-payers of the City. This is an extension of the 
current HBPW structure. 
HBPW has also demonstrated willingness to innovate beyond an ―electricity only‖ business model with 
the development of the snowmelt sys tem, and the operation of the water and waste water services. 
With this background, there is no valid reason why public ownership would be in conflict with an 
innovative service approach. 
As long as the HBPW -MEC provides extended service limited by the ex isting electricity services area, 
the consultants‘ recommendation is for it to remain a public entity. However, the skills that HBPW and 
HBPW - MEC develop is certain to be of interest to other communities, and as such presents a longer 
term opportunity. If the decision is made to pursue this future opportunity, HBPW-MEC may consider a 
public/private partnership or a public/public partnership as the basis for one or more special purpose 
companies. 
Structure of HBPW-Municipal Energy Company 
Whichever ownership and control model is finally chosen, the operational business model should be 
developed that clearly shares the investments and benefits equitably between the property owners, 
energy consumers, and the HBPW -MEC. Some variation on the fo llowing concepts should be used 
based on successful worldwide practices: 
Physical Assets 
The MEC could own and operate the following assets that comprise the district energy system: 
 Network of highly insulated pipes that carry heating and cooling between supply sources and 
connected buildings including the necessary various pumps and controls. 
 Thermal sub -stations, including heat exchangers, meters and ancillary equipment, to transfer 
heating and cooling from the network to buildings. 
 Low temperature substations to connect snow melt loops. 
 The HBPW -MEC parent company would own energy sources and would also purchase the 
output of sources owned by others under long-term contracts. The definitive configuration will be 
specific to each district energy area of the City and will change over time. Initially it will include: 
o Existing chillers, boilers and furnaces reassigned to the district energy system. 
o New chillers, boilers and furnaces assigned to the district energy system. 
o Distributed CHP generation. 
As the d istrict energy network grows, and depending on cost and technical evolution, other thermal 
sources may be added to the network including geothermal loops, solar thermal collectors, biofuel heat 
or CHP, and waste heat recovered from various sources. 
The own er of a property connected to the district energy network would no longer own heating and 
cooling assets. Even if they are still in the building, the district energy assets will be shared across the 
network (i.e. the horizontal infrastructure, owned and op erated by the HBPW -MEC). This reduces the 
total investment and the operating costs from the perspective of the property owner. This may free up 
resources for property owners to invest in efficient renovation and above-code new construction. 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 77 
Revenues/Pricing 
District energy heating, hot water and cooling serv ices should be invoiced by the M EC using heating 
and cooling meters. Prices would be competitive with prevailing heating or cooling equivalents using 
natural gas or electricity. In a multi -tenant apartment or commercial complex, there would typically be a 
single tariff meter, supported by low-cost allocation meters, allowing for end-user billing. 
Due to the inherent efficiency and the flexibility of district energy to make use of multiple fuels and 
waste heat, and the long -term nature of the service agreements, the costs for the end -user should be 
equal or less than business -as-usual. This is consistently the case in the majority of European district 
energy systems. A specific example is lower district energy heating cost in St. Paul, MN compared to 
equivalent higher costs in neighboring Minneapolis, MN using individual heating. 
Energy Services 
The expectation is that project owners for all major renovations, new commercial buildings and 
apartment block s could determine what it would take to create district energy -ready buildings as 
outlined earlier. This will accelerate the rate at which HBPW-MEC could interconnect buildings and gain 
the operating and economic advantages. 
Depending on the specifics of a neighborhood, HBPW-MEC could also invest in the energy assets and 
heating and cooling interconnection of a single building to make it economically attractive for the 
developer/owner to make efficiency and interconnection adj ustments. HBPW-MEC could then o perate 
these assets and deliver heating, hot water and cooling services to the stand -alone building in 
anticipation of its future interconnection to the district energy system. It is also important to keep in mind 
that other potential opportunities with the industrial customers on the Industrial Park. The ability to have 
HBPW-MEC operates and maintains a plant‘s utility equipment has potential benefits to an industrial 
customer. 
Energy Zoning 
Mandatory district energy zoning for designated areas is common practice in many cities around the 
world. The main reason is to ac celerate the evolution of the infrastructure and to avoid competition 
between natural gas and DH infrastructure. Holland could use the combination of district energy -ready 
development, scal e project planning, and City sponsorship to review the option of creating a viable 
alternative to standard zoning. The positive involvement of major property developers and owners in 
the evolutionary planning of the City‘s district energy strategies could be a crucial factor in any 
alternative zoning‘s early success. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 78 
Glossary of Terms 
The following is a summary of selected terms and abbreviations used in the CEP Final Report. In some 
cases, terms are defined in the body of the text and may not be repeated here. 
Term Definition 
Air Pollutants In addition to greenhouse gases, these include: Sulphur dioxide (SO2), Nitrogen 
oxide (NOx), Hydrogen chloride (HCI), Hydrogen fluoride (HF), carbon monoxide 
(CC), and non-methane volatile organic compounds (NMVOC). 
ASHRAE The American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air -Conditioning 
Engineers, Inc. 
Base Case Forecast of the 2010 to 2050 energy needs assuming no changes in efficiency and 
fuel mix. 
Baseline Estimation of the present energy use, greenhouse gas emissions, and the 
prevailing conditions affecting them 
Biomass Vegetation such as wood, agricultural or animal waste, catering waste or landfill 
gas, etc. with the potential to be used as a fuel. Suitably separated municipal waste 
may fall into this category. 
Btu British thermal unit (BTU or Btu) is a unit of energy defined as the amount needed 
to heat one pound of water one degree Fahrenheit. For the purposes of the CEP 
PWT Report , 1,000 Btus are labeled kBtu, while 1,000,000 Btus are labeled MM 
Btu. 
Building Code Legally required construction practices. 
Building Standard Voluntary construction practices, generally exceeding code Requirements. 
Built 
Infrastructure 
General term referring to all the residential and non-residential buildings in Holland 
CAFÉ Corporate Average Fuel Economy, defined as the sales weighted average fuel 
economy, expressed in miles per gallon (mpg), for a fleet of vehicles . This is a 
mandatory standard regulated by the EPA. The 2009 version includes green house 
gas emissions per mile for the first time. 
Carbon Dioxide The most common form of greenhouse gas. Over 70% of man -made greenhouse 
gas emissions are from the use of fossil fuels (oil, gas, cola) and are in the form of 
Carbon-dioxide. 
Cap and Trade Regulatory approach to reduce greenhouse gas and other emissions. The Cap is 
the maximum permitted emissions. An emitter who emits less than the Cap can sell 
the difference to an emitter who is exceeding their cap. The price is set by the 
supply and demand needs in a free market. 
Carbon Dioxide 
Equivalent 
Where ―e‖ is used to denote the term ―equivalent‖: Greenhouse effect of the other 
five greenhouse gases identified in the Kyoto Treaty expressed in equivalents of 
carbon dioxide. This unit of measure is used to allow the addition of or the 
comparison between gases that have different global warming potentials (GWPs). 
Since many greenhouse gases (GHGs) exist and their GWPs vary, the emissions 
are added in a common unit, CO 2e. To express GHG emissions in units of CO 2e, 
the quantity of a given GHG (expressed in units of mass) is multiplied by its GWP. 
Carbon Tax Regulatory approach to reduce emission to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 
taxing the carbon content of fossil fuels. 
Certified 
Emission 
Reduction 
Generic term used to describe metric ton of greenhouse gas reduction or avoidance 
that has independently validated certification and can be traded in a recognized 
regulated market. Certified Emission Reductions come in many forms. 
CHP See ―Cogeneration.‖ 
City of Holland or 
City 
Entire content including all buildings and entities inside the City of Holland 
boundaries. 
city Government agency and responsibilities only. 
Clean and This phrase is used to indicate some combination of renewable energy and 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 79 
Renewable 
Energy 
cogeneration (CHP) energy sources. 
CO2 See ―Carbon dioxide‖ 
CO2e See ―Carbon dioxide equivalent‖ 
Cogeneration Generating electricity in such a way that most of the heat produced is usefully used. 
A common definition is that an average minimum overall fuel efficiency of 70% is 
expected. Peak efficiency would typically exceed 90%. Also known as ―CHP.‖ 
Combined Heat 
and Power 
See ―Cogeneration.‖ 
Commercial 
Buildings 
Non-residential buildings; often owned or operated by for-profit entities. 
Cooling Degree 
Days 
A measure of how hot a location was over a period, relative to a base temperature. 
In the CEP PWT Report the base temperature is 65°F and the period is one year. If 
the daily a verage temperature exceeds the base temperature, the number of 
cooling degree -days for that day is the difference between the two temperatures. 
However, if the daily average is equal to or less than the base temperature, the 
number of cooling degree-days for that day is zero. 
Day lighting Designing buildings to maximize the use of natural daylight to reduce the need for 
electricity. 
District Cooling Cooling services delivered via district energy systems. 
District energy Networks that deliver heating or cooling to energy consumers carried through the 
medium of chilled or hot water, or (in older systems) steam. Heating and cooling is 
transferred to the home or buildings via a heat exchanger. 
District Heating Heat services delivered via district energy systems. 
Electrical 
Conversion 
Losses 
The difference between the energy values of the fuel used to make electricity and 
the energy value of the electricity itself. 
 
 
 
Energy 
Performance 
Label 
This would be an easily recognizable benchmark that energy auditors, retrofitters, 
lenders, realtors, and consumers can use to compare home energy performance 
and identify the most energy efficient residential and non -residential buildings. It 
would show h ow much energy a home or building actually used per utility bills, as 
opposed to energy modeling which attempts to predict how much energy a home or 
building would use, and would compare that structure to similar structures. 
ENERGY STAR® Joint U.S. Envir onmental Protection Agency and U.S. Department of Energy 
programs http://www.energystar.gov/ supporting energy efficiency as a cost -
effective way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in home, buildings, industry and 
equipment. 
EPL See ―Energy Performance Label‖ 
EU European Union 
EV Electric Vehicle 
Fossil Fuels Combustible material obtained from below ground and formed during a geological 
event. For purposes of the CEP PWT Report, examples of such fuels include coal, 
oil and natural gas. 
GDP See ―Gross Domestic Product‖ 
Geothermal 
systems (low 
temperature) 
Systems that use the relatively constant temperature of the ground starting about 6 
to 10 feet below ground to cool buildings in summer and heat them in winter. 
GHG See ―Greenhouse Gases‖ 
Global Warming 
Potential 
A relative measure of the warming effect that the emission of a GHG might have on 
the Earth‘s atmosphere. It is calculated as the ratio of the time-integrated radiative 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 80 
forcing (i.e. the amount of heat -trapping potential) (measured in units of power 
(watts) per unit of area (square meters) that would result from the emission of 1 kg 
of a given GHG to that from the emission of 1 kg of CO 2. For example, the GWP for 
nitrous oxide (N2O) is 310, which means that 1 kg of N 2O emissions is equivalent to 
310 kg of CO2 emissions. 
g/m Grams of CO 2 per vehicle mile - term used to describe GHG emissions as they 
apply to transportation 
Green Energy Energy derived from conservation, renewable sources of energy and clean 
distributed energy. What energy forms are included varies depending on local 
jurisdictions and practices. 
Greenhouse 
Gases 
A greenhouse gas absorbs and radiates heat in the lower atmosphere that 
otherwise would be lost in space. The main greenh ouse gases are carbon dioxide 
(CO2), methane (CH4), chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) and nitrous oxide (N20), sulphur 
hexafluoride (SF 6), hydrofluorocarbons (HFC) and perfluorinated carbons (PFC). 
The most abundant greenhouse gas is carbon dioxide (CO2). 
GHG 
Monetization 
Processes to convert tradable energy and environmental benefits into cash or cash 
equivalents. 
Gross Domestic 
Product 
The total value of goods and services produced by a country during a given time 
period, most commonly a year. 
GWP See ―Global Warming Potential‖ 
HBPW Holland Board of Public Works – City owned utility currently responsible for 
electricity distribution, water services, sewage and waste water services to the City 
of Holland. HBPW also serves some customers in surrounding communities. 
Heating Degree 
Days 
A measure of how cold a location was over a period, relative to a base temperature. 
CEP PWT Report , the base temperature is 65°F and the period is one year. If the 
daily average temperature is below the base temperature, the number of heating 
degree-days for that day is the difference between the two temperatures. 
IECC International Energy Conservation Code - a model energy building code produced 
by the International Code Council (ICC). The code contains minimum energy 
efficiency provisions for residential and commercial buildings, offering both 
prescriptive- and performance-based approaches. The code also contains building 
envelope requirements for thermal performance and air leakage. Primarily 
influences US and Latin American markets. 
IEMP Integrated Energy Master Plan – A comprehensive plan defining the energy 
efficiency of construction, energy distribution and energy supply to achieve agreed 
economic, environmental and other goals. Typically an IEMP would cover at le ast 
15 years into the future and would apply to large developments , campuses or 
neighborhoods. 
Insolation The amount of solar energy received on a surface over a period of time . It is usually 
expressed in units of kilowatts -hours per square meter (kWh/m2), "peak sun hours", 
megajoules per square meter (MJ/m 2) or Langleys (L), for the given period such as 
a day or hour. 
1kWh/m2 = 1 peak hour = 3.6 MJ/m2 = 0.00116 L 
Institutional 
Buildings 
Nonresidential buildings generally owned by public administration, education, public 
or private healthcare facilities and other not-for-profit entities. 
 KBtu See ―Btu‖ 
Kilowatt-hour A unit of electrical energy universally used as the basic billing unit and equals the 
use of one thousand watts of electrical energy in one hour. One kWh is about 3,412 
Btu. 
Kilowatt-hour 
Equivalent 
A unit of energy from any source equivalent to one kilowatt -hour of electricity. Used 
to get a standard measurement for comparison of different forms of energy. 
KWh See ―Kilowatt-hour‖ 
KWhe See ―Kilowatt-hour equivalent‖ 
Kyoto Treaty International Treaty sponsored by the United Nations aimed at reducing man-made 
greenhouse gases through reduced use of fossil fuels and reduced impact forestry 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 81 
and agriculture. Signed in 1997 and ratified in 2005 by most industrialized countries 
accepting mandatory targets; and by many other countries accepting mandatory 
reporting and voluntary goals. 
Leadership in 
Energy and 
Environmental 
Design 
A voluntary system for rating existing and new residential and non -residential 
buildings and neighborhoods based on their overall environmental performance 
including energy and water use. Developed by US Green Buildings Council, a non-
profit group. 
LEED See ―Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design‖ 
 
Megawatt-hour A unit of electrical energy equals the use of one million watts of electrical energy in 
one hour. 
Megawatt-hour- 
equivalent 
A unit of energy from any source equivalent to one megawatt -hour of electricity. 
Used to get a standard measurement for comparison of different forms of energy. 
Metric Ton Unit of weight equal to 1,000 kilograms. Often used in the CEP Project Work Team 
Report as a measure of greenhouse gas emissions. 1 mt = 1.102 US ton (or short 
ton). 
MM Btu See ―Btu‖ 
Mt See ―Metric Ton‖ 
Municipal Energy 
Company 
While individual buildings that are customers in a district energy network are owned 
by property o wners and developers, a Municipal Energy Company (MEC) is an 
organization that operates and maintains the district energy network, i.e., the 
horizontal infrastructure of district en ergy piping and equipment. The M EC can also 
wholly or partially own the district energy network. 
MWh See ―Megawatt-hour‖ 
MWhe See ―Megawatt-hour equivalent‖ 
NGOs Non-governmental organizations 
NREL National Renewable Energy Laboratory, part of U.S. DOE 
OECD Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development 
Per Capita For each person in the registered population of the City; generally referred to as a 
resident. 
PV See ―Solar Photovoltaic Systems‖ 
Renewable 
energy 
Energy generated from sources other than fossil fuels, most commonly sun, wind, 
water and various animal and plant derived fuels. These create the least 
greenhouse gases in operation. 
RECS The U.S. DOE The Residential Energy Consumption Survey (RECS) provides 
information on the use of energy in residential housing units in the United States. 
RPS Renewable Portfolio Standard 
Scale Projects Developments with the size and timing such that n ew guidelines in line with the 
CEP can be applied within relatively large, but contained boundaries. These are 
projects large enough to capture the combined value of efficient use, efficient 
distribution, and clean and renewable energy, but are bounded suc h that benefits 
can be clearly identified and risks fully understood. They can range from entire 
mixed-use neighborhoods to single large commercial or institutional developments. 
Over time, multiple Scale Projects blend together. 
Smart Growth Approach to developing areas of cities to use minimum resources, to maximize 
social interactions with a balanced mix of demographics, usually associated with 
creating mixed-use, walk able neighborhoods, often with local distributed sources of 
energy. 
Smart Meters Energy meters (heat/electricity/cooling/gas) capable of gathering energy use 
patterns, applying different tariffs depending on time of day and use level, and 
capable of being integrated into wider information and control systems. 
Solar 
Photovoltaic 
Systems 
Systems that directly convert sunlight into electricity either for use locally or for 
delivery to the wider grid. 
Sustainability Meeting the needs of the present generation without compromising the ability of 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 82 
future generations to meet their own needs. 
TOD See ―Transit Oriented Design‖ 
Transit Oriented 
Design 
Land development that takes into account transportation choices as a means of 
reducing oil and other energy use. Typically it would combine public transit with 
walk able, mixed -use communities, and approaches to minimize the impact of 
individual vehicles and commuting. 
UNFCC United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change 
Vehicle Miles 
Traveled 
The distance traveled by vehicles on the road. 
VMT See ―Vehicle Miles Traveled‖ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 83 
 
List of Figures 
Executive Summary 
ES.1 Worldwide Use of Energy (1850-2000) 
ES.2 Selected National Greenhouse Gas Emissions per Capita for 2008 
ES.3 Michigan – Total Retail Energy Cost 
ES.4 Michigan – Total GHG Emissions 
ES.5 Holland Primary Energy by Type and Sector 
ES.6 Holland GHG by Type and Sector 
ES.7 Base Case Energy Supply 2010 to 2050 
ES.8 2010 to 2050-Scenario Overview 
ES.9 Scenarios A through D – 2050 Total Fuel Mix for Holland 
ES.10 Scenarios A through D – 2050 Total GHG by Fuel Mix for Holland 
ES.11 Scenario B – 2010 to 2050 Total GHG by Major Strategy 
ES.12 Scenario B – 2010 to 2050 per Capita GHG 
ES.13 All Scenarios – Total Investments to 2030 
 
Chapter 1: Community Energy Plan Background 
1.1 CEP Seven Key Measures of Success 
1.2 CEP Benefits for all Stakeholders 
 
Chapter 2: Energy and Climate Challenges 
2.1 Worldwide Use of Energy (1850-2000) 
2.2 Economic and Energy Indicators by Major Regions (2008 data) 
2.3 Greenhouse Gas Concentrations and Global Temperatures 
2.4 US Weather Related Electricity Disturbances and Insurance Costs 
2.5 Selected National Greenhouse Gas Emissions per Capita for 2008 
2.6 Michigan – Total Energy Use by Fuel Type 
2.7 Michigan – Total Retail Energy Cost 
2.8 Michigan – Total GHG Emissions 
 
Chapter 3: Baseline and Base Case Projections 
3.1 Summary of CEP Data Sources 
3.2 Primary Energy and Fuel Use by Type and Sector 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 84 
3.3 Typical Electricity Conversion Losses 
3.4 Greenhouse Gas Emissions by Type of Fuel and Sector 
3.5 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Indexes 
3.6 Boundaries of CEP Energy Districts 
3.7 2010 Total Energy Demand Density by Energy District 
3.8 2010 Greenhouse Gas Density by Energy District 
3.9 Total VMT by Road and Vehicle Types 
3.10 Total Energy Use and Emissions by Fuel Type 
3.11 Base Case Energy Supply from 2010 to 2050 
3.12 2050 Base Case Energy Demand Densities by Energy District 
3.13 2050 Base Case Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Densities by Energy District 
 
Chapter 4: Community Energy Plan Goals 
4.1 CEP Framework – Holland Loading Order 
4.2 Incremental or Transformative CEP 
4.3 Holland Existing Energy Efficiency Initiatives 
 
Chapter 5: Energy Strategies and Scenarios 
5.1 Scenarios A through D – 2050 Total Fuel Mix for Holland 
5.2 Scenarios A through D – 2050 Total GHG by Fuel Mix for Holland 
5.3 Scenario B – 2010 to 2050 Total GHG by Major Strategy 
5.4 Scenario B – 2010 to 2050 per Capita GHG 
5.5 All Scenarios – 2010 to 2050 Electricity Supply for Holland 
5.6 Scenarios A through D – 2010 to 2050 Electricity Fuel Mix for Holland 
5.7 Scenarios A through D – 2010 to 2050 GHG Emissions from Electricity for Holland 
5.8 Scenarios B and C – 2050 Impact of Solar PV on Peak Electrical Demand 
5.9 All Scenarios – Electricity Oriented Investments to 2030 
5.10 Scenario B- Implementation Schedule 
 
Chapter 6: Recommended Initial Scale Projects 
6.1 Four Neighborhood Scale Projects 
6.2 Scale Project 1 – Holland Industrial Park Integrated Energy Services 
6.3 Scale Project 2 – Historic District Single-Family Home Neighborhood 
6.4 Scale Project 2 – GHG and Energy Balance 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 85 
6.5 Scale Project 3 – Hope College Campus 
6.6 Hope College Campus – Current Steam Distribution 
6.7 Hope College Campus – Potential Future Supply Structure 
6.8 Scale Project 3 – Possible Investment Scenario and IRR 
6.9 Scale Project 3 – Energy and GHG Balance 
6.10 Scale Project 4 – Hospital, High School, Aquatic Center Cluster 
6.11 Scale Project 4 – Possible Heat Supply Structure 
6.12 Scale Project 4 – Energy and GHG Balance 
6.13 Scale Project 5 – Initial District Heating Network 
 
Chapter 7: Enabling Mechanisms 
7.1 Energy Performance Labeling Examples 
7.2 History of U.S. Residential Efficiency Codes (IERC) 
7.3 History of U.S. Commercial Efficiency Codes (ASHRAE) 
 
Chapter 8: Role of HBPW as District Energy Company 
8.1: HBPW Multi-Utility Services – Possible Portfolio 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy 
Page 86 
List of Appendices 
Appendix 1 
CEP Meetings and Participation 
Appendix 2 
Electricity Supply by HBPW outside the City of Holland 
Appendix 3 
Text of the US Conference of Mayors Climate Protection Agreement 
Appendix 4 
CEP Measurements and Reporting 
Appendix 5 
Requirements of Michigan Renewable Energy Standard 
Appendix 6 
Data and Assumption used for Transportation 
Appendix 7 
Baseline and Base Case Energy Maps by Energy District 
Appendix 8 
Existing Holland Area Sustainability Committee Initiatives 
Appendix 9 
Built Environment Energy Needs 
Appendix 10 
Generation Capacity and Costs for Electricity and District Heat 
Appendix 11 
Typical IEMP Scope of Work 
Appendix 12 
Energy Efficiency and Clean Energy Incentives 
Appendix 13 
Water Efficiency 
Appendix 14 
Reserved for Future - Impact of Closing Existing De Young Plant 
APPENDIX 15 
Existing Holland CEP Support Groups 
Appendix 16 
TYPICAL OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE FOR MUNICIPAL ENERGY COMPANY 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 1 
APPENDIX 1 
CEP MEETINGS AND PARTICIPATION 
First Energy Town Hall Meeting Summary 
January 17, 2011, City Hall, Holland, Michigan 
Question/Comment Response 
1. How to educate the public 
related to the energy activity? 
Use of multi -layer approach by informing customers, craftsman, 
business personal. 
Everyone needs to be informed in order to share concepts and 
possibilities that will ultimately form the Community Energy Plan (CEP). 
2. Why set a boundary for only 
the City? Why not use the 
service boundary of the 
Holland Board of Public 
Works? 
The focus is not only on electricity. It is also on what we currently can 
control. We hope to bring others outside of the City of Holland to the 
discussion but we are not letting this stop us from moving forward. We 
understand that energy does not have a specific boundary so we hope 
to get others involved. We have invited members of the City of Zeeland 
and Holland and Park Townships to attend the discussions. 
3. Obviously any energy project 
needs to make economic 
sense, but there is also health 
concerns related to the existing 
power plant’s local pollution. 
At this stage there are no conclusions and no specific 
recommendations. The projects need to be evaluated based on many 
factors, including the health and other costs of highly inefficient energy 
usage both in making and using energy. These costs can be extreme. 
At this stage, we have no comments on the health impacts of any 
recommendations, but we can be certa in that energy efficiency 
combined with heat recovery greatly diminishes pollution. 
4. About 5 or 6 years ago, there 
was a study done on 
something similar and now we 
are finally seeing a plan, 
efficiency is the key. 
Obviously, the consulting team is not fami liar with all the details of 
previous discussions, and energy planning frequently has more than 
one ―take‖. We need to focus on current opportunities and develop the 
plan based on current data, recognizing that even in the preceding 6 
years; concerns and o pportunities around energy in the U.S. have 
significantly changed. 
5. Energy conservation and 
contractor support are pivotal 
points. 
Absolutely agree. They are keys to a better educated and better 
served consumer. Throughout the development of the CEP, the Project 
Team and the Mayors’ Task Force will ensure all reasonable efforts are 
made to engage the community on the role of conservation and to work 
with the contractor and developer community to get their inputs to the 
CEP. 
6. What was the solar power 
used for from the Arlington 
example? 
Peak management of electrical power during the summer when 
demand is greatest from air conditioning and the regional grid is most 
stressed. In Michigan, with the relatively short cooling season, this 
peak reduction value is even greater. Arlington will also use some solar 
thermal (heating) energy for heating and domestic hot water 
applications. 
7. How is Arlington doing on 
reaching their goals? 
Their final plan is not approved yet but it should receive formal approval 
by the end of March or early April. 
8. Is there a lot to gain by 
consumers choosing to install 
―green power‖ or opt to buy it 
from their utility? 
Individual actions are vitally important in any successful CEP. That 
being said, a few small actions to supply o r source ―green power‖ will 
rarely move the needle at a City level. We prefer to make 
recommendations that achieve the scale use of clean and renewable 
energy of all types that truly serve a valuable purpose such as the peak 
reduction in Arlington, and e nd up saving money for both the consumer 
and the City, not the reverse. The honest answer is that mandated 
green energy policies have a major impact. Areas like Ontario and 
Germany, where green power can be sold to the grid at special Feed -

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 2 
in-Tariff rates, have proved to be an effective stimulus. 
9. Closing comments by the 
SusCom and Mayor. 
All residents are invited and encouraged to be an active part of the 
input and review process at various public meetings. 
 
CEP Focus Forum: Education, Churches and Non-Profit Organizations 
January 18, 2011, City Hall, Holland, Michigan 
Question/Comment Response 
1. There are toxic chemicals released by the 
power plant, mercury and other 
contaminants from coal. Energy 
alternatives need to address the health 
costs on society of burning fossil fuels. 
At this stage, there are no conclusions and no specific 
recommendations. The projects need to be evaluated 
based on many factors, including the health and other costs 
of highly inefficient energy usage both in making and usin g 
energy. These can be extreme. At this stage, we have no 
comments on the health impacts of any recommendations, 
but we can be certain that energy efficiency combined with 
heat recovery greatly diminishes pollution. 
2. Lighting retrofits in some churches have 
been completed and it is important to 
consider how to get a monetary value for 
homeowners. 
The efficiency gained from lighting is usually a pretty cost -
effective first step in improving efficiency of most buildings, 
and it is good to hear that churche s are already embracing 
this. Gaining wider awareness of this and other energy 
efficiency measures is certain to be integral in the CEP. 
3. How can we be more effective and tie 
projects together? How much energy do 
we need and is it a single solution? 
We need to analyze how much energy we need and not rely 
on a single solution. We also need to look at energy use on 
a neighborhood level recognizing that one solution will not 
fit all. For this reason we will divide our data analysis into 
distinct energy planning areas. 
4. How will we reach the targets? We do not know what the CEP targets are yet, but to be 
world-class they will need to be dramatically different than 
business as usual. We need to focus on the targets that 
make sense economically, environmentally, and in terms of 
reliability, or all of the above. There will be significant 
community discussions as options are evaluated. We do 
know that targets will not be reached without wide 
community engagement. 
5. We have concerns over health issues. 
How will health issues be addressed? Will 
the recommendations include information 
about the health impact in the schools? 
The official scope of the project does not address specific 
health issues. However, there will certainly be major 
energy consumption reductions and more efficient use of all 
fuels and energy sources. This in turn will lead to large 
category pollution reductions, which will positively impact 
health issues. As the CEP process evolves, these health 
comments will also be reviewed by the City. 
6. There are two counties that exceed the 
EPA limit. What is competitive energy 
pricing? 
On overall energy cost, the expectation is that energy 
usage will be dramatically lowered which would have an 
impact on the overall energy cost. Using waste he at also 
decreases total energy cost. Building energy efficiency 
improvements and supply efficiency will also reduce overall 
energy cost. Regarding EPA attainment levels, the same 
general comments about overall pollution impacts are the 
same. 
7. EPA is stating that wind is a competitive 
energy source. 
In 1981, the U.S. was a major wind supplier worldwide and 
now it is a relatively small player in a rapidly growing world 
market. Wind can be a utility -scale generation option in 
some parts of the U.S., but this is unlikely to be the case 
near Holland when considering local wind quality. In much 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 3 
of the U.S., wind is a small scale option, but with improved 
regulation it could move forward with one of the key 
components being market access. 
8. We need to tap into some of the school 
systems that have sustainability forums 
and use world-class schools and 
organizations. How do we get the 
educational groups involved? 
There are many moving parts to this process to help 
improve energy awareness and skills. There is an es sence 
of excitement and there is a fabulous message and how we 
communicate to the public, especially through our schools, 
will be a key element of the CEP. 
9. Can the power plant be part of our 
discussions? 
Yes, they are involved in the CEP process and all options 
will be assessed. The information/members for this project 
are on the City website. 
10. Closing comments by the SusCom and 
Mayor. 
All residents are invited and encouraged to be an active 
part of the input and review process at various public 
meetings. 
 
CEP Focus Forum: Business 
January 18, 2011, City Hall, Holland, Michigan 
Question/Comment Response 
1. Is this project for the City of Holland or 
other outside communities? 
The jurisdictional limits of the project only include the City of 
Holland, but there are requests to have members outside the 
City of Holland attend the discussions. 
2. Is this a community energy plan? We have not specifically engaged all the other communities 
but we have invited representatives from the City of Zeeland 
and Holland and Park Townships to attend the discussions. 
We hope others will engage with us on this program. 
3. Are the benchmark communities in 
Europe operating under a different sense 
of governance vs. those in the US? 
In Copenhagen, the city core initiated the activity . 
Municipalities started community energy planning first, not 
the central governments. Individual energy plans became 
community energy plans, which then became governmental 
plans. It is incorrect for people in the US to stereotype 
actions in Europe, becau se the European actions are not 
based on central governmental planning, but instead 
community/municipal planning which drove the change and 
development of best practices which are shared. 
4. What is the fuel mix in Copenhagen? The approximate supply is 25% c oal; 30% municipal waste -
to-energy; 20% biomass; 20% natural gas; and 5% solar PV. 
The focus is the effective and efficient use of energy source 
types. Copenhagen used systematic renovation, consumer 
education and an integrated approach. 
5. What were the key measures? The key items were GHG emissions, energy costs, 
employment increases which are summed up in 
competitiveness, reliability/security and the environment. 
6. The investment and payback are critical 
factors to consider, such as in renovating 
old buildings in downtown to enhance 
energy reduction. Many opportunities 
have upfront investments and need to 
develop a long-term strategy or vision. 
Strategies and vision are very important with an energy plan 
and we will look at many factors and let the data driv e the 
recommendations. 
7. Closing comments by the SusCom 
member. 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 4 
Summary CEP Focus Forum: Property Development 
January 18, 2011, City Hall, Holland, Michigan 
Question/Comment Response 
1. Will the study analyze using water as an 
energy supply? 
The overall loading order stays the same and water 
initiatives are related more to the 3 rd layer. Water could be 
comparable to the renewable supply alternatives. 
2. The League of Women Voters: Moratorium on 
use of coal in our power plant because it is a 
health concern. There are health concerns 
due to children at our high school being sick 
and we need a safe and cleaner fuel supply. 
The City Energy Plan will analyze heat recovery options for 
the energy supply and the data analysis will guide us to 
our options. 
3. Comments on the study and upgrade to the 
Police Station Building. 
The district heating systems in the US are typically old and 
not well maintained. Thus there is a perception that all 
district heating systems are inefficient. Modern systems in 
Copenhagen use an integrated system approach and are 
very efficient and less expensive. Education of these types 
of systems is very important. 
4. The Copenhagen energy supply comes from 
what fuels? 
The approximate supply is 25% coal; 30% waste -to-
energy; 20% biomass; and 25% renewable and natural 
gas. The focus is the effective and efficient use of all 
energy source types. 
5. Approximately 35 years ago there was a 
study completed in Holland for a district 
heating concept but it never developed. 
The district heating approach is unique within the U.S. and 
benchmarking is important to confirm content and cost. 
This concept is not new in Europe and operates very 
efficiently, although new to the U.S. 
6. Closing comments by the SusCom member. 
 
Summary CEP: City Council, Sustainability Committee, Board of HBPW 
May 5, 2011, City Hall, Holland, Michigan 
Question/Comment Response 
1. What were the assumptions for energy 
supply cost? 
The CEP assessment of costs is ―work in progress at this 
stage‖. The assumptions for gas and coal cost based on 
a market escalation. Price impacts both with and without 
a carbon penalty will be assessed. 
2. What is the estimate of the reliability of the 
forecast of the results going forward? 
Firstly, the key message from the CEP is that setting up 
the processes that will systematically manage the various 
levels of the loading order is key. The results are a 
measure of how well and consistent the process is being 
managed. The need is to look at efficiency gains first, 
along with efficient distribution and a portfolio of supply 
sources. Assuming these processes are put in place, the 
variation of the expected outcomes is probably plus or 
minus 20% with the first 20 year range and the 
importance of keeping the project moving forward. 
3. What is the importance of the entire HBPW 
service area compared to just the City of 
Holland currently being evaluated, when you 
focus on capital investment and payback? 
The original RFP designated the focus for the CEP to be 
the City of Holland. The various CEP scenarios, 
especially as it relates to available electrical supply 
capacity and assets will create added value outside the 
City of Holland. By not including the communit y energy 
profile outside the City boundaries, the investment returns 
may be incompletely reflected. The scope of the project 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 5 
really needs to be expanded to deal with this issue. 
4. What is the European building code 
standard? 
 
The current building codes in the European Union are 
significantly more energy efficient than the current levels 
in the US. Standards in Europe are well advanced above 
the US proposed new building standards. 
5. Are there any other states stretching 
themselves to the European building 
standards? 
In the US, California has been consistently more efficient 
than the rest of the country through the regular mandatory 
update of their local construction codes. In Canada, the 
new Ontario Building Code due to be fully enforced by 
2012 is getting cl ose to the immediate prior versions of 
the Scandinavian and German levels. In the US the 
Californian code is very close to the current German 
code. 
6. What is the cost of HBPW delivered power 
per kWh? 
Larger Commercial customers and Industrial user pay 
about 6-7 US cents per kWh. Residential and light 
commercial consumers pay about 9 -10 US cents. These 
are highly competitive levels compared to other areas of 
the US or global levels. 
7. How do we sell this concept due to the costs 
associated with the project? 
Firstly, whatever the final levels of investment and 
benefits, if there is no community ownership the CEP will 
not gain traction and the results will not be achieved. 
There needs to be early adoption, engagement, and 
development of a detailed implementati on plan. The 
current levels of engagement between the city, 
community and utility is doing well. Secondly, the early 
successful implementation of Scale Projects and other 
recommendations including raising community energy 
literacy will add to create inertia for wider proliferation. 
Thirdly assuming energy costs continue to increase, high 
levels of volatility, or both, the community will naturally 
become more engaged. So the need is to alleviate that 
cost, do pilots quickly, and these pilots stand out from 
others. Currently there is a good combination of city, 
community and utility involvement. 
8. What % of wasted heat can be used for 
heating systems in this building and what are 
losses? 
Maybe 1 to 2 % of total, concerning the total system 
losses in Mannheim were 10-12%. 
9. What are the differences related to combined 
cycle vs. solid fuel? 
There will be some degradation of the system efficiency 
but analysis is needed to confirm and a case can be 
made on either option. 
10. There could be changes to the HBPW 
responsibilities, how to finance projects and 
what are efficiency improvements? 
Need to build on existing framework of the HBPW 
organization. For residential the supply strategy and 
loading is similar. Need to confirm the efficiency and the 
reliability of district heating because it is also very 
important. 
11. With the major nodes for heating such as 
Hope College can single-family homes also 
be tapped off of the system? 
Yes, typical residential homes can also be tapped off of 
the system but it is a matter of timing an d need anchor 
tenants, once the core or high density homes are set than 
can add more homes later, phase in based on priority and 
timing is critical. 
12. When you look at the community as a whole 
what is the payback? 
The focus needs to be implementation in larger quantities 
and not just do a few projects every year. This changes 
the overall payback and implementation process. 
13. The team took 3-4 months to gather what are 
the next steps going forward and what is the 
The framework a nd strategy will be complete by August, 
also there needs to be work done on an implementation 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 6 
schedule to make a decision? plan, protocol and timing, so project will not waiver or 
become stagnant after the initial concept is approved. 
 
Summary CEP Town Hall Meeting 
June 20, 2011 7:00-8:30 PM, City Hall, Holland, Michigan 
Chairman Stuk of the Holland Community Sustainability Committee welcomed everyone to the meeting and then 
provided background on the CEP process to date. Stuk then welcomed Peter Garforth and noted that Mr. 
Garforth was here to describe the preliminary indications, to answer questions and to get public input. 
Peter Garforth then provided the public with a presentation as to why the City and HBPW have embarked on this 
study, why is it critically important, and what do we intend to achieve? After providing the public with a 20-25 
minute Power Point presentation, Mr. Garforth then facilitated a 45 minute Q and A session that is summarized 
with the following: 
Question/Comment Response 
1. How does Scenario B align with the 
International Climate Change Partnership 
(ICCP) recommendations for 2050? 
Scenario B will still provide 2 x more carbon equivalent 
than the ICCP target for 2050. However, Scenario B will 
get us well on the way to poten tially reaching the target at 
a future time. Scenario B is an excellent stepping stone. 
2. A representative from the Holland Area 
League of Women Voters read a statement 
that lays out their support for Scenario B. 
They believe this scenario provides a more 
balanced approach for a municipal energy 
plan that the other scenarios. 
 
3. What is included in the $135 million that City 
residents and businesses pay in energy costs 
per year? 
That monetary figure is for fuel to heat buildings, make 
electricity and fuel our vehicles. 
4. Should we still look to reduce our use of fossil 
fuels even beyond the efficiencies that are 
being planned for? 
 
Right now over 90% of the electricity consumed in the City 
is produced using fossil fuels. In Copenhagen, Denmark 
which is one of the most fuel efficient and low carbon 
community’s in the world, it still derives 25% of its 
electricity from coal. Holland needs to first of all 
concentrate on diversifying its fuel mix to produce 
electricity, and in the future when it is much more ef ficient 
than its current state it may go after a total reduction of 
fossil/carbon based fuels. 
5. Public education needs to be a very large 
component of the CEP. Efficiency is really 
going to be the key as to whether this plan 
succeeds, or not. 
Agreed that education is central. This is about rationale, 
flexible ways to meet demand. 
6. The 25 largest industries in town use most of 
the electricity. Are they concerned with the 
possibility of increasing prices to finance 
these improvements? 
These large industrial users are already very efficient when 
it comes to their energy use. These industries understand 
that through vigorous efficiency measures they can 
actually save very large sums of money. They understand 
that these same principles can and should be appl ied to 
the municipal landscape, thus saving them even more 
money in the long run by avoiding large capital expenses 
that otherwise would be included in their electric rates. 
7. Is it more beneficial for municipal utilities to be 
owned by the public vs. investor owned? 
Not necessarily. There are plenty of examples of 
municipal utility systems that are public -private 
partnerships, and others that are outright owned by private 
entities, although in the latter case a municipal government 
would hold a franchise or licensing agreement to require at 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 7 
least a baseline level of performance. That having been 
said, a good municipal utility can go horizontally with an 
electric and district heating system that would be very 
difficult for a large investor utility to achieve. 
8. What is the cost ratio of providing electricity 
through efficiency and conservation measures 
vs. generating additional supply? 
Conservation and efficiency measures generally cost only 
20-33% of the amount to produce additional capacity. 
9. Is data available to show that energy efficient 
homes are worth more than typical homes? 
Prior to the financial crisis of 2008 and the ensuing 
meltdown of housing markets, there was sales data that 
indicated additional value for energy efficient homes. That 
additional value has now virtually disappeared. 
10. Is housing energy efficiency almost more 
important than vehicle gas mileage? 
Yes, on a general level the energy efficiency of our 
housing stock is poor, so there are huge gains in 
efficiencies to be had in the housing stock. 
11. Does it make sense to have more people 
involved in the generating of electricity on 
their roof tops and on their property? 
Yes, but we need to do the planning for distributed 
electricity supply by going to very large scales, which has 
the ab ility to make a large difference vs. small scale 
individual systems which a utility cannot plan on. 
12. The HBPW needs to move from being a 
power generation utility to a power 
management utility. 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 8 
APPENDIX 2 
ELECTRICITY SUPPLY BY HBPW OUTSIDE THE CITY OF HOLLAND 
2.1 Background 
The City of Holland Community Energy Plan is aimed at significantly increasing the energy productivity, 
security and flexibility . The CEP s cope as a fully integrated energy plan is limited to the jurisdictional 
boundary of the City. Under recommended Scenario B, HBPW will continue to own and operate a 
significant power generation plant that will not only serve the City of Holland, but also provide electricity 
to a large number of consumers in the surrounding areas. These areas includ e parts of Holland 
Township, Park Township, Fillmore and Laketown. For the purpose of this Appendix, the HBPW 
service areas in these municipalities will be collectively called the ―Townships‖. 
To ensure these assets are sized correctly for the entire HBPW service area, the electricity service 
needs of customers outside the City of Holland within the existing HBPW service have also been taken 
into account, and have been incorporated into the overall integration of the CEP. 
2.2 “Townships” Electricity Baseline – 2010 
In calendar y ear 2010, HBPW supplied a total of 375,199 MWh of electricity to consumers in the 
―Townships‖ or about 40% of its total electricity generation. 
Sector Holland 
Township 
Park 
Township 
Laketown Fillmore "Townships” 
Total 
City of 
Holland 
HBPW 
Area Total 
Residential 54,864 26,057 4,150 847 85,918 102,900 188,818 
Commercial 126,998 7,949 856 467 136,270 171,000 307,270 
Industrial 152,657 354 - - 153,011 280,100 433,111 
 Totals 334,519 34,360 5,006 1,314 375,199 554,000 929,199 
Figure A2.1 – HBPW Electricity Deliveries - 2010 Baseline 
This data is accumulated from various HBPW metering databases. There were some discrepancies in 
the consolidation used for the b aseline and the ov erall account data. The system -wide total deliveries 
were about 3% higher. In the context of Community Energy Plan, this discrepancy was deemed 
acceptable by the Project Working Team. The summary in Figure A2.1 was accepted as the baseline 
for the Plan. 
2.3 Estimating “Townships” Electricity Demand – 2010 to 2050 
The electricity demand for the ―Townships‖ from the b aseline year of 2010 to 2050 was estimated on a 
year-on-year basis using the following assumptions. 1 A basic assumption is that there will be no 
significant geographic expansion of the HBPW electrical service area over the plan period. 
2.3.1 Existing Residential and Commercial Buildings – “Townships” 
The mix of existing property in terms of building types, sizes and ages in the ―Townships‖ was assumed 
to be statistically equivalent of the property mix in the City of Holland (see Appendix 9). It was further 
assumed that all cooling needs would be supplied by stand-alone electrical compressor chillers. 
Existing property would have some significant renovat ion at a rate of about 2.5% per year, such that by 
2050 all property would have undergone some level of renovation. The energy savings gained through 
building renovation depends on many things. These include customer habits, awareness, contractor 
skills, incentives, polices fuel prices , etc. In the City of Holland, the adoption of the CEP will create an 
 
1 At the time of writing (August 2011) the US economy is going through a period where the future outlook is uncertain. This could significantly reduce 
demand through economic slow-down and even spur deeper consumer efficiency. These extreme uncertainties are not reflected in the balance of this 
Appendix, and are effectively being treated as a period of turmoil that will stabilize in a year or two. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 9 
actively managed improvement in efficiency far above market trends. The efficiency gains in the 
―Townships‖ are assumed to follow the overall State and na tional trends. Clearly this could change if 
the Townships embrace the rationale behind the CEP in the City of Holland , and the initiative becomes 
a sub-regional dynamic. Traditionally, most renovations in the U .S. have been primarily undertaken for 
functional or cosmetic reasons, with energy efficiency being a neglected aspect. This is changing 
slowly, and as either energy prices increase, or the economy tightens, this is expected to accelerate. In 
the ―Townships‖ it is assumed that energy savings from renovations will start slowly a nd increase 
steadily over time. 
The next five to ten years will be less energy efficient as renovations still aim at remodeling or 
expansion and still frequently miss basic energy eff iciency aspects due to contractors and customers 
habits, perceptions and skills. Considering a stronger awareness, higher fuel prices etc. higher energy 
savings can be expected in the following years. Therefore, i n the CEP calculation , the following 
development of electricity savings was used as a result of renovations in both homes a nd commercial 
buildings: 
 2011 to 2015: 5% 
 2016 to 2025: 15% 
 2026 to 2050: 20% 
Renovation in this context embraces a wide range of possible projects. These could range from 
replacement of an existing inefficient air-conditioner and upgrading a temperature or other control 
system, to whole room remodeling or functional extensions. It would also include projects specifically 
aimed at energy saving such as attic insulation and weatherization, replacement of windows and 
reinsulating and cladding walls, or relighting commercial buildings. 
2.3.2 New Residential and Commercial Construction – “Townships” 
The rate of new construction is assumed to follow the rate of growth of the populatio n. This data was 
sourced directly from the staff of the ―Townships‖. 
New construction codes are the jurisdiction of the State of Michigan, so the assumption is that the 
―Townships‖ will follow the likely evolution of State codes. This is the same assumpt ion that was used 
in the City of Holland. Michigan typically follows the IECC recommendations for residential and 
ASHRAE for commercial construction. The State is an average to slow adopter of code changes. The 
assumed breakpoints for code changes from the current code occur every five years, such that by 2050 
the code is nominally 50% more efficient than today. 
The enforcement of code compliance is a big topic in a lot of U .S. States. Various studies show that 
the code compliance is seldom 100%. This means that even at commissioning, new homes and 
buildings fail to meet the standards of the applicable code. This is before above -code ratings such as 
LEED and Energy Star Homes etc. are discussed. 
The topic is further complicated by the degree to which homeowners and commercial building 
managers manage ongoing efficiency, and there is a dearth of systematic studies. On an individual 
building basis the indications are that buildings operate on average 10 to 20% less efficiently than their 
commissioning level. 
Based on information available 2, Oregon and Washington State are the closest to full ener gy 
compliance at commissioning; Idaho and Arkansas are in the 50 to 60% range; California is in the 70% 
range. Unfortunately there is not a published study for every U.S. State. 
At least one major company in the building arena does a regular internal assessment and the U .S. 
average is generally below 70% at commissioning. This information is made available to some State 
 
2 Desk work and field experience from Ebert and Baumann Engineers – Washington DC 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 10 
Energy Offices but is not available in the public domain. The City of Holland staff estimate Michigan to 
be about 65%. A conservative 70% compliance rate has been assumed to estimate the electrical 
demand for the ―Townships‖ resulting from new construction. 
2.3.3 Statutory DSM Programs 
The assum ption is that the ―Townships‖ will continue with utility managed DSM program s operated 
under PSC guidelines. These are funded by a ―System Benefit Charge‖ . EPRI estimates the 
cumulative savings to be: 
Year 2010 2020 2030 
Residential 0.8 3.9 7.8 
Commercial 0.4 5.1 8.7 
Industrial 0.2 4.0 7.1 
Figure A2.2 – EPRI Estimates of Realistically Achievable Potential Savings under DSM 
These are the estimates used in the recent Black & Veatch study. Linearized this translates to: 
 Residential: About 0.4% per year to 2030 
 Commercial: About 0.44% per year to 2030 
Between 2031 and 2050, the assumption is that this rate will halve to avoid double counting the 
compounding impact of renovation. These assumptions were used to estimate the electrical demand of 
the ―Townships‖ for the residential and commercial sectors. 
2.3.4 Industry 
In estimating the i ndustrial demand, two assumptions were used. The growth rate of industrial activity 
was assumed to be the same as for the City of Holland, with the exception of the impact of the lithium 
ion battery cluster in City of Holland Energy District L01. 
The same efficiency gains of 1% per year following commissioning as for the City of Holland were used. 
2.3.5 Evolution of Electrical Demand – “Townships” 
Based on the above assumptions, the evolution of the electricity demand for the ―Townships‖ is 
summarized below. 
Sector 2010 2020 2030 2040 2050 
Residential 85,918 88,045 87,355 86,408 85,374 
Commercial 136,270 142,560 143,790 145,264 146,410 
Industrial 153,011 167,019 177,210 189,088 201,315 
Totals 375,199 397,624 408,355 420,760 433,099 
Figure A2.3 – Estimates of “Townships” Electricity Demand 2010 to 2050 
This represents a growth of 15% from baseline, and will be used as part the basis for the estimation of 
the overall capacity requirements for the CEP for the City of Holland. As mentioned earlier, there is 
potentially a 3% consolidation error in the b aseline, well within the statistical varia nces of these 
forecasts. 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 11 
APPENDIX 3 
TEXT OF THE U.S. CONFERENCE OF MAYORS CLIMATE PROTECTION AGREEMENT 
The U.S. Mayors Climate Protection Agreement 
As endorsed by the 73rd Annual U.S. Conference of Mayors meeting, Chicago, 2005 and signed by the 
City of Holland under Mayor Al McGeehan on June 18th, 2008 
A. We urge the federal government and state governments to enact policies and programs to meet or 
beat the target of reducing global warming pollution levels to 7 percent below 1 990 levels by 2012, 
including efforts to: reduce the United States’ dependence on fossil fuels and accelerate the 
development of clean, economical energy resources and fuel -efficient technologies such as 
conservation, methane recovery for energy generation , waste to energy, wind and solar energy, fuel 
cells, efficient motor vehicles, and biofuels; 
B. We urge the U.S. Congress to pass bipartisan greenhouse gas reduction legislation that 1) includes 
clear timetables and emissions limits and 2) a flexible, ma rket-based system of tradable allowances 
among emitting industries; 
C. We will strive to meet or exceed Kyoto Protocol targets for reducing global warming pollution by 
taking actions in our own operations and communities such as: 
1. Inventory global warming emissions in c ity operations and in the community, set reduction targets 
and create an action plan. 
2. Adopt and enforce land -use policies that reduce sprawl, preserve open space, and create compact, 
walk able urban communities; 
3. Promote transp ortation options such as bicycle trails, commute trip reduction programs, incentives 
for car pooling and public transit; 
4. Increase the use of clean, alternative energy by, for example, investing in ―green tags‖, advocating 
for the development of renewab le energy resources, recovering landfill methane for energy production, 
and supporting the use of waste to energy technology; 
5. Make energy efficiency a priority through building code improvements, retrofitting city facilities with 
energy efficient lighting and urging employees to conserve energy and save money; 
6. Purchase only Energy Star equipment and appliances for city use; 
7. Practice and promote sustainable building practices using the U.S. Green Building Council's LEED 
program or a similar system; 
8. Increase the average fuel efficiency of municipal fleet vehicles; reduce the number of vehicles; 
launch an employee education program including anti -idling messages; convert diesel vehicles to bio -
diesel; 
9. Evaluate opportunities to increase pump efficiency in water and wastewater systems; recover 
wastewater treatment methane for energy production; 
10. Increase recycling rates in city operations and in the community; 
11. Maintain healthy urban forests; promote tree planting to increase shading and to absorb CO2; and 
12. Help educate the public, schools, other jurisdictions, professional associations, business and 
industry about reducing global warming pollution. 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 12 
APPENDIX 4 
CEP MEASUREMENTS AND REPORTING 
4.1 CEP Measurements 
There are seven recommen ded measurements areas (see Figure 1.1 in the main report) to measure 
competitiveness, security and environment. The intentions are that these will be tracked for decades to 
come on a consistent basis. The key is to have headline indexes that are readily understood by most 
of the population and do not change over time. 
The following matrix indicates a suggested approach: 
 Suggested tracking measures Comments 
Competiveness 
Energy Cost  Res: Typical cost per household 
 Com: Average cost per square foot 
 Industry: Unit costs 
(electricity/gas/heating/cooling) 
 Tracked against both City 
performance over time and 
compared to 
regional/national/global levels 
 Should include transportation 
Employment  Jobs in energy-related businesses 
 Jobs attracted / retained by CEP commitment 
 Use Brookings Institute ―Green 
Jobs‖ definition 
 Use investor interview data for non-
energy related jobs 
Investment  Investments attracted by CEP commitment  See above 
Security 
Supply Security  Rate of service interruptions  All utilities offered (heating. cooling, 
electricity…) 
Supply quality  % compliance with service standards  See above 
Supply Flexibility  Reserve capacity – supply and distribution 
 Balance of primary fuels 
 See above 
 Minimize domination by any one 
fuel 
Environment 
Greenhouse gas  Total GHG emissions CO2e 
 GHG Emissions per capita 
 Industry: Unit indexes 
(electricity/gas/heating/cooling) 
 
Figure A4.1 – Suggested CEP Tracking Indexes 
These are indicative approaches. Once the CEP has been accepted these will be detailed out as part 
of the implementation stage. As a general rule, the easier it is to capture the raw data to device the 
indexes. The above indexes are all relatively easy to capture through either normal utility data, or 
economic development information. Si nce HBPW is the recommended basis for the municipal multi -
utility business, which potentially could include natural gas as well as district heating and industrial 
energy services, data capture will be relatively easy. The one exception is transportation, which will 
probably remain reported on a sample basis from traffic surveys for the foreseeable future. 
4.2 CEP Reporting 
All cities that have successfully delivered breakthrough energy performance have put in place a 
discipline to report progress to their key stakeholders on a regular basis. The following is the 
recommended approach. 
The City Manager should report to the City Council at regular public meetings on the following 
schedule: 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 13 
 Quarterly: 
o Key initiative updates 
o All tracking indexes except transportation relative to Holland prior performance and targets 
 Annually 
o Key initiative updates 
o All tracking indexes except transportation relative to Holland prior performance and CEP 
targets 
o All tracking indexes except transportation relative to external benchmarks 
o Transportation assessments based on traffic surveys or other best available data 
 Triennially 
o Key initiative updates 
o All tracking indexes except transportation relative to Holland prior performance and CEP 
targets 
o All tracking indexes except transportation relative to external benchmarks 
o Transportation assessments based on current traffic survey 
o Assessment of progress against key CEP strategies 
o Recommendations for strategic adjustments 
All reports should be coordinated with HBPW and Economic Development. Quarterly reports should be 
brief and as routinely prepared as possible, presented in graphic form and available to the general 
public. The annual reports are essentially the same exce pt they have the external benchmarking and 
transportation aspects. Somewhere between three and five years the CEP strategy should be 
assessed and potentially adjusted. 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 14 
APPENDIX 5 
REQUIREME NTS OF MICHIGAN RENEWABLE PORTFOLIO STANDARD 
5.1 Summary 
Michigan’s renewable portfolio standard (RPS ), adopted by the legislature and signed into law in 
October 2008, requires all electric providers in the state to provide at least 10 percent of their electricity 
using renewable energy sources by the year 2015. In add ition, the State’s two largest investor -owned 
utilities—Detroit Edison and Consumers Energy —have an additional capacity requirement of 500 and 
600 megawatts by 2015, respectively. 
RPS implementation and rulemaking falls under the jurisdiction of the Michig an Public Service 
Commission (PSC). Renewable energy credits may be used for compliance, and the PSC must select a 
REC tracking and trading entity to administer the program. Penalties for non -compliance vary 
depending on the type of electric provider. A co st cap prevents retail rates from exceeding $3.00 per 
month per residential customer meter, $16.58 per month commercial customers, and $187.50 per 
month for industrial customers. 
5.2 Covered Utilities 
The renewable energy generation requirements apply to all electric providers in the State. However, the 
renewable energy capacity requirements apply only to large investor -owned utilities (with 1,000,000 or 
more retail customers on 1/1/08 (www.ucsusa.org). 
5.3 Timeline 
Compliance with the RP S begins in 2012 for all electric providers, and gradually ramps up to 10% by 
2015. Each provider has a unique annual obligation based on the amount of its existing use of 
renewable energy in 2012, and the amount of generation that wo uld be required to meet the full 10% 
target during the respective compliance year. The applicable percentage obligation for each electric 
provider begins at 20 % of the total 2015 (10 %) obligation in 2012. It then increases to 33 % of the total 
2015 obligation in 2013, 50% of the total 2015 obligation in 2014, and then 100 % of the total obligation 
in 2015, and each year thereafter. There is also a capacity requirement (additional to the generation 
requirement) for large -scale electric providers. An electric p rovider with more than 1,000,000 but less 
than 2,000,000 retail electric customers in Michigan on 1/1/08 must acquire 200 megawatts (MW) of 
renewable energy by 2013, and 500 MW by 2015. An electric provider with more than 2,000,000 retail 
electric customers must acquire 300 MW by 2013 and 600 MW by 2015. 
5.4 Eligible Resources 
―Renewable energy resource‖ means a resource that naturally replenishes over a human, not a 
geological, time frame and that is ultimately derived from solar power, water power, or wi nd power. A 
renewable energy resource comes from the sun or from thermal inertia of the earth and minimizes the 
output of toxic material in the conversion of the energy and includes, but is not limited to, all of the 
following: 
 Biomass, which means ―any organic matter that is not derived from fossil fuels, that can be 
converted to usable fuel for the production of energy, and that replenishes over a human, not a 
geological, time frame 
 Solar and solar thermal energy 
 Wind energy 
 Hydroelectric, defined as kinetic energy of moving water, including water released through a da m 
and waves, tides, or currents 
 Geothermal energy 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 15 
 Municipal solid waste (at facilities brought into service before October 2008) 
 Landfill gas produced by municipal solid waste 
Subject to certain conditions and Public Service Commission approval, electric providers may use 
energy efficiency or advanced cleaner energy resources (gasification, industrial cogeneration, coal 
gasification with carbon capture and storage) to meet up to 10% of their annual requirement. Up to 10% 
of an electric provider's obligation may be met using a combination of energy efficiency measures and 
advanced clean energy resources (gasification, industrial cogeneration, coal gasification with carbon 
capture and stor age), and no more than 70 % of the 10 % limit may be met using advanced energy 
systems in existence on or before January 1, 2008. Energy efficiency credits may be substituted at a 
one to one ratio to renewable energy credits, while most advanced energy credi ts are substituted at a 
ratio of 10 to 1. Exceptions to this are industrial cogeneration and plasma arc gasification, which are 
credited at a one to one ratio. 
If a renewable energy system uses both a renewable energy resource and a non -renewable energy 
resource to generate electricity, eligibility shall be based on the percentage of the electricity generated 
from the renewable energy resource. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 16 
 
APPENDIX 6 
DATA AND ASSUMPTION S USED FOR TRANSPORTATION 
6.1 Baseline 2010 Vehicle Miles Travelled (VMT) 
There was no recent study for traffic in Ho lland. To assess VMT for the CEP, the following sources 
were used: 
 Ottawa County Vehicle Miles Travelled by Road Type - 2009 
 Michigan Travel Activity by Vehicle Type – 2009 
 Michigan DOT Ottawa County Road Map – 2009 
 US Census Bureau data for Holland and Ottawa County 
These were cross indexed to create the breakdown shown below: 
 
Interstate Arterial Other Totals 
Motorcycle 324 296 98 718 
Car & Light Truck 72,673 138,482 46,053 257,208 
Truck and Semi 7,859 9,025 3,001 19,885 
Bus 162 148 49 359 
Totals 81,018 147,951 49,202 278,171 
Figure A6.1 – 2010 VMT by Vehicle Category and Road Type (thousands) 
Vehicle mix breakdown is by the use on Holland’s roads, not the ownership by Holland’s residents. 
6.2 Baseline 2010 Transportation Energy and Emissions 
There was no community or state specific data available for vehicle fleet average efficiencies. The U.S. 
EPA 2009 efficiency estimates by vehicle category and fuel type were used. 
Vehicle Type % Diesel mpg 
Motorcycle 0.0% 56.1 
Car 0.7% 25.8 
Light Truck 5.2% 19.2 
Bus 96.5% 5.9 
Truck 91.3% 6 
Semi 100.0% 5 
Figure A6.2 - Vehicle Type Efficiencies and Fuel 
To estimate greenhouse gas emissions, again the EPA sources were used (see: 
http://www.epa.gov/oms/climate/420f05001.htm#carbon). The indexes used were 8.79 kg CO2e per 
U.S. Gallon for gasoline and 10.08 kg/gallon for diesel. 
6.3 Base Case 2010 – 2050 Transportation Energy and Emissions 
The following assumptions were used to establish the base case for energy use and greenhouse gas 
emissions from the transportation sector between 2010 and 2050: 
Item Note / Value 
Transport – MCycle Efficiency/emissions 56.1 mpg / 157 g CO2e/mile 
Transport – Car Efficiency/emissions 25.8 mpg / 341 g CO2e/mile 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 17 
Transport – Lt Truck Efficiency/emissions 19.2 mpg / 461 g CO2e/mile 
Transport – Bus Efficiency/emissions 5.9 mpg / 1,701 g CO2e/mile 
Transport – Truck Efficiency/emissions 6.0 mpg / 1,662 g CO2e/mile 
Transport – Semi Efficiency/emissions 5.0 mpg / 2017 g CO2e/mile 
2050 Vehicle mix Unchanged 
2050 Vehicle fuel mix and types Unchanged – 100% gasoline or diesel 
2050 Vehicle efficiency by types Unchanged from 2010 averages 
VMT Growth due to population 0.54% / year 
VMT growth due to local employment 0.25% / year - incremental 
Figure A6.3 - Base Case Efficiencies and Fuel 
No electric or hybrid vehicles were assumed in the Base Case. 
6.4 Scenario Case 2010 – 2050 Transportation Energy and Emissions 
The future evolution of transportation energy use was based on seven strategies, each affecting the 
overall fuel efficiency of each VMT, or the impact on total VMT. The same seven strategies were 
applied to all CEP Scenarios (A, B, C and D). 
6.4.1 Strategy 1 – Evolution of Materials Technology 
Irrespective of changes in vehicle style choices and travel patterns, the global automotive industry is 
under regulatory pressure to increase average fleet efficiencies. Examples are the recently announced 
U.S. target to achieve nearly 55 mpg by 2025, and the EU target to meet 90 grams CO 2/km by 2020. 
There is a major push to incorporate advanced composites and lighter metal structures. Over the plan 
period these will reduce the weight of light vehicles by at least 30% , and 20% for heavier vehicles , 
resulting in 21% and 14% fuel efficiency gains, respectively. 
6.4.2 Strategy 2 – Evolution of Drive Trains 
The same regulatory pressure on efficiency is moving the trajectory of the market to drive trains with 
higher efficiencies. These include clean diesels, gasoli ne and diesel hybrids combined with more 
sophisticated fuel management. By 2050 this will have had a further 30% impact on LV efficiency and 
a 20% impact on HV efficiency. 
6.4.3 Strategy 3 - Change of Vehicle Mix 
Irrespective of the technology represented by strategies 1 and 2, the average weight of the fleet will 
reduce. This will be a continuation of the trend already underway as consumers purchase more ―cross -
overs‖ (station wagons), hatchbacks and smaller SUVs . This is driven by the demographics of smaller 
families, urban convenience, fuel price concerns and increased marketing as auto companies adjust 
their sales to meet fleet average efficiencies. By 2050, this will have a further 30% efficiency impact on 
LVs and have no impact on HVs. 
6.4.4 Strategy 4 - Change of Commuting Patterns 
Thriving local employment will reduce average commuting for residents. There are no structured 
transportation studies to quantify this, so the impact on VMT is based on a best estimat e of 5% 
reduction for light vehicles only. There is no significant impact for HVs. 
6.4.5 Strategy 5 - Impact of Urban Design 
In Holland there will be some modest degree of urban densification, probable extension of the snow 
melt and walk able neighborhoods. Co mbined these will modestly reduce VMT for light vehicles. 
There are no structured transportation studies to quantify this, so the impact on VMT is based on a best 
estimate of 3%. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 18 
6.4.6 Strategy 6 - Reduction of Carbon Content 
The availability of environmentally benign biofuels derived from agricultural waste, forest byproducts 
and algae is a high probability evolution over the coming decades. The outlook used in the CEP is 
based on both EU and U .S. estimates. This only impacts the greenhouse gas emissions, and is 
assumed to have a GHG impact of 10% for all vehicle classes by 2050. 
6.4.7 Strategy 7 - Use of Electric Vehicles 
The use of EVs or plug-in Gas/Electric and Diesel/Electric Hybrids will increase. These vehicles will be 
the market for the major new industries establishing operations in Holland, so this is an area where the 
City has both local energy and community economic development interests. The outlook is based on a 
PWT conservative assumption. The EV share of all VMT for cars will be 7% by 2050 starting in 2013. 
The average efficiency of an EV is assumed to be constant at 32 kWh/100 miles (20 kWh/100 km) a 
level slightly better than the NISSAN Leaf today. The emissions level caused by the EVs is based on 
the electricity mix of the City of Holland grid and is different depending on the CEP scenario used. 
6.5 Other Transportation Inputs to the 2010 Baseline 
There were some other pre -existing City inputs to the transportation energy baseline that were 
considered: 
 Existing bike paths 
o While valuable, the use and extent of the bike paths was not considered statistically 
significant to the transportation Base Case at this stage. 
 Biofuels 
o A useful pilot program is underway with some selected city vehicles to evaluate the 
efficiency and maintenance impact s of using biodiesel. Again this is not statistically 
significant for whole City modeling. The biofuels impact is incorporated in ―Strategy 6‖. 
o Some of the city vehicles are ―flex-fuel‖ capable, but appear to be conventionally fuelled. 
 Street lighting and traffic signals 
o Traffic lights and some street lights are high-efficiency LED, maintained by HBPW . These 
are not metered. An estimated 2000 MWh has been incorporated into the overall electricity 
demand of the City. 
 Electric vehicles 
o There are current plans in the City for 15 to 20 EV Charging Stations which have not yet 
been implemented. This would be consistent with Strategy 7 above, and it may make 
tactical sense to team the effort with LG Chem and JCI Saft. 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 19 
APPENDIX 7 
BASELINE AND BASE CASE ENERGY MAPS BY ENERGY DISTRICT 
7.1 Background to Energy Districts 
The use of Energy Districts (ED) to gain an insight as to the current and future distribution of energy 
demands and emissions in the City was described in Section 3 of the main report. A detailed inventory 
by building type, along with an estimate of future evolution was developed for each . The energy 
demand and supply for heating, cooling and other electricity was modeled for both the 2010 baseline 
and the Base Case to 2050 . The Base Case models assumed electricity was use for cooling , and 
natural gas for heating. In the Base Case the Co efficient of Performance (COP) used for converting 
cooling demand to electricity is 0.4, and to convert heating demand to natural gas is 0.8. 
The impact in terms of greenhouse gas emissions was also estimated. This appendix contains the 
maps showing energ y or emissions densities relative to the total area of each ED . A darker color is a 
higher density of energy or emissions per square mile. Large print versions are available on demand 
from the Project Working Team. 
7.2 GHG Emissions Mapping 
© Garforth International llc
Baseline GHG Emissions 2010
GHG-Density – Baseline 2010
 
© Garforth International llc
Base Case GHG Emissions 2050
GHG-Density – Base Case 2050
 
7.3 Energy Demand Mapping 
© Garforth International llc
Baseline Cooling Demand 2010
Cooling-Density – Baseline 2010
(Demand)
 
© Garforth International llc
Base Case Cooling Demand 2050
Cooling-Density – Base Case 2050
(Demand)
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 20 
© Garforth International llc
Baseline Heating Demand 2010
Heating-Density – Baseline 2010
(Demand)
 
© Garforth International llc
Base Case Heating Demand 2050
Heating-Density – Base Case 2050
(Demand)
 
© Garforth International llc
Baseline Other Electrical Demand 2010
Electricity Supply – Baseline 2010
(Without Cooling)
 
© Garforth International llc
Base Case Other Electrical Demand 2050
Electricity Supply – Base Case 2050
(Without Cooling)
 
7.4 Energy Supply Mapping 
© Garforth International llc
Baseline Energy Supply 2010
Total Energy Supply – Baseline 2010
 
© Garforth International llc
Base Case Energy Supply 2050
Total Energy Supply – Base Case 2050
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 21 
© Garforth International llc
Baseline Electricity Supply 2010
Total Electricity Supply – Baseline 2010
 
© Garforth International llc
Base Case Electricity Supply 2050
Total Electricity Supply – Base Case 2050
 
© Garforth International llc
Baseline Natural Gas Supply 2010
Heating-Density – Baseline 2010
(Predominantly Gas)
 
© Garforth International llc
Base Case Natural Gas Supply 2050
Heating-Density – Base Case 2050
(Predominantly Gas)
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 22 
APPENDIX 8 
EXISTING HOLLAND AREA SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE INITIATIVES 
The Holland Community Sustainability Committee (HCSC) was organized in 2009 under the auspices 
of the Board of Directors of the Holland Board of Public Works (HBPW) as well as the Holland (MI) City 
Council. Both the City of Holland and the HBPW recognized the realities of a changing environment—a 
changing ecology with implications on this community’s economic, social and environmental landscape. 
The HCSC is guided by a charter with instructions to study, gather input, raise awareness, and provide 
recommendations back to the HBPW and the City of Holland regarding sustainability issues and 
challenges as well as best practices found in similar communities. Specific issues on which the HCSC 
is to advise the HBPW and Holland City Council include: energy conserv ation, efficiency and supply; 
implementation of the City facility energy audits; air quality; waste recycling and reduction; water quality 
and conservation; and transportation. To date, the HCSC has been focusing their efforts in the areas of 
energy management and water management with the majority of their time focused on the Community 
Energy Planning process. 
The HCSC has also been diligently working on a framework approach to the preparation of a broad 
based Community Sustainability Plan using the STAR Community Index approach of ICLEI as a 
guideline. The HCSC has drafted a Sustainability Statement for the Community as follows: 
 
The Holland community is a caring and thoughtful group of people with a deep interest in the natural, 
economic and human environments. The relationships of people to one another and their community 
are strong and based in the historical faith and family traditions. It is the desire of the City Governance 
to embrace and support sustainable practices in all aspects of the city operations and community 
 actions. We will approach sustainability with a triple bottom line evaluation approach. Social, 
environmental and economic evaluations should be used to review ideas and direct decision 
making. While we will begin with the activities within the city we recognize that true sustainability 
must be a regional, multi governmental, broad social and economic activity. 
 
Identified sustainability focus areas are aligned under the three aspects of the Triple Bottom Line as 
follows: 
Society 
Quality of Life 
Ultimately it is the feelings and state of mind of individuals in the collective that make up a community’s 
quality of life. The community through governmental, religious, business and social organization make 
decisions and support actions that contribute to the community’s wellbeing. 
Community & Neighborhood 
The fiber of our lives can be traced to the places we live and the individuals we interact with on a daily 
basis. The places we live support the development of our personalities and perspectives on life. 
Communities at all scales have a vital role to play. Encouraging vital and effective communities is an 
important element. 
Community Knowledge 
The collective knowledge of the community is an incredible resource. The ability to tap into this 
intelligence is essential for continued growth. In both formal and informal channels the community 
knowledge and energy must be channeled to where it is needed. 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 23 
Environment 
Environmental Awareness/Action 
The natural and built environments interact with one an other over time with intended and unintended 
consequences. Our history is one of exploiting the natural environment and ignoring the results. The 
effects of a healthy natural ecosystem are clear and our ability to reverse impacts is limited. 
Smart Energy 
Our way of living requires a stream of energy to operate personal and infrastructure devices. We know 
that energy is produced with scarce resources and the byproducts impact our environment. We need 
to use both conservation and efficiency measures to ma nage the resources we have to provide access 
to reliable and cost effective energy. 
Transportation 
The movement of people, goods, and services within the area is an evolving process. We interact with 
other regional, national and international elements to create a total network. 
Economic 
Economic Development 
The business community is the driving engine within the area. While it is dependent on the community 
resources and structure for support, it generates capital essential to growth and development. Ho lland 
will be a location of choice for new business and industry. 
 
Information regarding the ongoing activities of the HCSC may be accessed at: 
http://www.cityofholland.com/sustainability/sustainability-committee-members 
 
APPENDIX 9 
BUILT ENVIRONMENT ENERGY NEEDS 
9.1 Background 
This Appendix summarizes the multi -dimensional process used to evaluate the current and future 
energy needs of the existing and new residential and commercial buildings in the City. This Appendix 
also elaborates on the process used to assess the energy service needs of industry. Collectively the 
CEP uses the term ―Built Environment‖ for the residential, non -residential and in dustrial structures in 
the City. 
9.2 Baseline Energy Supply and Demand 
A detailed inventory of all current structures in the City was available from the excellent GIS system, 
which gave the type, location, age and size of each property. For the purpose of est imating the total 
energy demand of the City, buildings were grouped in the following categories: 
Category Subcategories 
Single-family Homes - detached Pre & post 1980; heat only; heat & cool; 
Single-family Homes - attached Pre & post 1980; 
Multi-family Home Pre & post 1980; 
Freedom Village None = single complex 
Mobile Home Park None = single complex 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 24 
Office Pre & post 1980; 
Retail Pre & post 1980; 
Retail (mixed) Pre & post 1980; 
Hotel Post 1980 
Aquatic Center None = single complex 
Industrial None 
Schools None = Homogenous category 
Hospital None = single complex 
Hope College None = single complex 
Churches None = Homogenous category 
Wesleyan Church None = single complex 
Figure A9.1 - Building Categories and Sub-categories 
Item Value 
Residential – Single-family homes 7,433 homes 
Residential - MFH/Town House/Duplex 5,125 homes 
Residential – Total area 15.4 M sq ft 
Non-Residential – Offices & Retail 2010 6.7 M sq ft 
Non-Residential – Institutional & Recreational 2010 4.6 M sq ft 
Industrial property – 2010 12.5 M sq ft 
Figure A9.2 - City Built Environment Basic Data 
The energy demand for the residential, retail and office categories was modeled using EnergyPlus 
Version 6.0.0 tools. The other categories were benchmarked against their relevant peer grouping in the 
DOE database. The energy demand was broken down into the following uses: cooling, heat rejection, 
heating, fans, pumps, equipment, interior lighting, exterior lighting, domestic hot water, and industrial 
process. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 25 
 
Figure A9.3 - 2010 Residential / Commercial Baseline in MMBtu per Year 
Cooling demand was converted to electricity using a Coefficient of Performance of 0.4, and 
heating/DHW was converted to natural gas with a COP of 1.25. 
Electricity metering data was ava ilable by the same parcels so could be matched to individual 
properties in most cases. The data was also made available by Energy District. Natural g as data was 
also available by property category and Energy District. This unusually detailed level of com munity 
energy metering allowed the computer modeled energy demand for various technical functions in the 
building to be matched against the supplied electricity and gas . The correlation was in the range of 0.8 
to 1.4, which for a total community level plan is very high. 
9.3 Base Case Energy Supply and Demand 
The Base Case energy demand and supply from 2010 to 2050 was estimated using similar modeling 
approaches with the following assumptions: 
Item Value 
2010 / 2050 Population 33,100 / 41,000 
2010 / 2050 Employment 15,100 / 28,400 
Employment growth – first 5 years ~ after that to 2050 3.7% /year ~ 1.3% / year 
Existing Buildings efficiency 2010 to 2050 Unchanged 
Residential new construction 2010 to 2050 code assumption IECC 2006 fully compliant 
Commercial new construction 2010 to 2050 code assumption ASHRAE 90.1 (2004) 
Residential SFH – detached growth to 2050 0.35% / year 
Residential SFH – attached growth to 2050 1.56 % / year 
Residential MFH – growth to 2050 1.06% / year 
Commercial Buildings – growth to 2050 1.2% / year 
Institutional Buildings – growth to 2050 1.3% / year 
Cooling technology Electric stand-alone 
Space 
Cooling
Heat 
Rejection
Space 
Heating Fans Pumps Equipment Interior 
Lighting
Exterior 
Lighting Process Domestic Hot 
Water Total
MMBtu/a MMBtu/a MMBtu/a MMBtu/a MMBtu/a MMBtu/a MMBtu/a MMBtu/a MMBtu/a MMBtu/a MMBtu/a
SFHd-pre1980 Heat only 0 0 494,993 0 308 123,777 46,592 4,806 0 29,680 700,155
SFHd-pre1980 Heat and Cool 7,499 0 150,555 16,811 0 21,979 8,273 853 0 9,373 215,343
SFHa-Pre1980 3,818 0 64,284 3,421 0 9,872 3,721 2,238 0 4,270 91,623
SFHa-Post1980 4,941 0 41,234 2,712 0 16,807 6,336 3,810 0 6,405 82,243
MFH-Pre1980 2,307 0 19,828 3,801 0 5,816 4,760 320 0 5,417 42,248
MFH-Post1980 2,008 0 18,451 2,865 0 8,492 6,950 468 0 6,621 45,854
Freedom Village 1,465 0 15,539 2,766 0 8,197 6,708 451 0 4,829 39,954
Mobile Home Park 118 0 1,985 125 0 360 136 82 0 132 2,937
Type B 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Office-pre1980 4,650 0 19,612 7,415 0 8,804 10,301 2,182 0 903 53,868
Office-post1980 3,562 0 15,592 5,925 0 7,820 9,149 1,938 0 788 44,773
Retail-Pre1980 11,465 0 82,201 15,306 0 7,190 50,727 9,945 0 0 176,834
Retail-Post1980 6,375 0 48,894 9,302 0 4,749 33,507 6,569 0 0 109,397
Retail(mixed)-pre1980 1,741 0 10,960 2,952 0 2,640 7,460 1,591 0 471 27,814
Retail(mixed)-post1980 115 0 646 203 0 207 584 125 0 36 1,915
Hotel-post1980 2,623 0 2,947 1,193 9 4,351 5,251 1,405 0 3,341 21,121
Aquatic Center 1 0 12,662 3 0 4 4 1 0 626 13,301
Type D 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Industrial 59,864 0 573,055 144,169 0 188,220 220,258 48,056 295,266 8,009 1,536,898
Schools 3,433 0 61,284 8,538 0 11,268 13,183 2,792 0 3,029 103,528
Hospital 22,169 1,230 6,163 4,794 1,956 8,681 11,114 434 0 352 56,892
Hope College 9,776 0 90,933 11,527 0 34,163 27,957 1,881 0 31,904 208,141
Church 423 0 3,618 499 0 1,478 1,209 81 0 1,270 8,578
Mega Church 565 0 4,831 666 0 1,973 1,615 109 0 1,695 11,452
City 803 0 19,889 1,998 0 2,637 3,085 653 0 162 29,227
All Others 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Type F 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Type G 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Type H 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 149,721 1,230 1,760,155 246,988 2,273 479,486 478,879 90,789 295,266 119,309 3,624,096
Model (IP)
Site Energy (Gas & Electricity)

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 26 
Heating / DHW technology Natural Gas stand-alone 
New construction year on year mix - growth/replacement through 2050 90%/10% 
Industrial growth – battery plants – all energy types Nissan benchmarks 
Industrial growth – other electricity HBPW Estimate 
Industrial growth – heat / DHW % as electricity 
Industrial efficiency As installed 
Figure A9.4 - Built Environment Base Case Assumptions 
The efficiency of existing buildings was assumed to retain their 2010 baseline performance for as long 
not the future as they existed. This is an optimistic assumption since, as a general rule, building energy 
performance deteriorates over time. 
New buildings were assumed to be fully compliant from an energy standpoint with the Michigan Code in 
force in 201 0 (IECC 2006 / ASHRAE 90.1 (2004 ). In general, actual construction fails to meet these 
standards by as much as 35% (S ee Appendix 2 for more background), making this again an optimistic 
assumption, at least in the first years. 
As with the baseline, c ooling demand was converted to electricity using a COP of 0.4, and 
heating/DHW to natural gas with a COP of 1.25. 
9.4 Scenario Case Residential and Non-Residential Energy Demand 
The baseline modeling highlighted major areas of potential efficiency in the residential and non -
residential buildings in the City . Enabling Mechanism 3 will ensure the wide adoption of energy 
performance labels that will validate the Scenario Case energy performance of buildings. Enabling 
Mechanism 4 will be the basis to raise awareness of the workforce and population of energy efficiency 
and benefits. 
9.4.1 Renovation of Existing Buildings excluding Single-family Homes 
The market norm in the U.S. is for an average of between 2 and 3% of the existing building s to be 
renovated in some way each year. The CEP assumes 2.63% per year, chosen to ensure all property in 
the City has had some degree of renovation by 2050. The range of renovation will be wide. These 
could range from replacement of an existing inefficient air-conditioner or furnace or upgrading a 
temperature or other control system, to whole room remodeling or functional extensions. It would also 
include projects specifically aimed at energy saving such as atti c insulation and weatherization; 
replacement of windows; reinsulating and cladding walls; and relighting in commercial buildings. 
Multi-family homes will be renovated and operated more efficiently than the baseline against the 
following schedule: 
Building type/Energy Type 2013-2017 2018-2022 2023-2050 
Office/Retail/ MFH 
Electricity 30% 30% 30% 
Heating 30% 40% 50% 
Public Buildings 
Electricity 30% 30% 30% 
Heating 30% 40% 40% 
Figure A9.5 - Renovation Efficiency Rates – MFH and Non-Residential 
 
9.4.2 Renovation of Single-family Homes 
The b aseline revealed that the 7,433 single -family homes in the City had a very high efficiency 
potential, giving rise to the focused renovation strategy outlined in the main report, and supported by 
Scale Project 2. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 27 
They will be renovated in two phases: ―Moderate‖ and ―High Efficiency‖. 
Phase 1 - The first phase will take place between 2013 and 2033 with a ―Moderate‖ retrofit package. 
Moderate represents changes that can be made fairly easily to the existing building. The typical 
package would include the following measures. 
M - Interior Lighting and Appliances 
The first place to look at reducing energy usage is with the interior equipment and lighting. For the 
moderate case only the lighting was reduced. This was done by changing incandescent light bulbs to 
energy saving florescent light bulbs. These are readily available and reduce the energy consumed by 
the lighting fixture by 80% (20W florescent bulb is the equivalent of a 100W incandescent bulb). 
M - Construction 
Weather-proofing and insulation is added to the houses to reduce the heating and cooling requirements 
throughout the year, with specifications as follows: 
 Lowering Infiltration – We considered weather -proofing the entire house, sealing up cracks 
between the windows and walls, and under the doors. To reflect this in the modeling we 
reduced the infiltration rate from 0.5 ach to 0.3 ach. 
 Improving Walls –R-16 insulation was added to the walls. 
 Improving Roof – R-30 insulation was added to the roof. 
 Improving Floor – R-10 insulation was added to the floor. 
 Changing the Windows – The windows were changed to average double paned windows. 
M - Heating and Cooling 
The mechanical systems in the house were upgraded moderately to improve the efficiency of the 
heating and cooling. 
 Heating – Boiler efficiency was increased to 90% as was the gas furnace. 
 Cooling – If the house included cooling, the direct expansion coil was given a COP of 3.4. 
Phase 2 - The second phase will be implemented between 2034 and 2050 with a ―High Efficiency‖ 
retrofit package. This package builds on the modifications for the ―M oderate‖ case. Th e typical 
package would include the following measures: 
HE - Interior Lighting and Appliances 
Energy saving bulbs will be installed and all appliances will be replaced by Energy Star appliances. 
Energy Star Appliances Savings 
Washer 37% 
Dishwasher 10% 
Refrigerator 20% 
Freezer 10% 
TV 40% 
Figure A9.6 - Efficiency Gains from Energy Star Appliances 
An average 23% energy savings was used for household appliances. 
HE - Construction 
Along with the improvements in the ―Moderate‖ retrofit house, for the HE house more insulation was 
added. In addition to lowering heating and cooling energy, this reduced the infiltration rate in the house 
even further to 0.2 air changes per hour (ach). 
 Walls –R-40 insulation using both cavity fill and added exterior insulation was added. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 28 
 Roof – R-60 insulation was added to the roof. 
 Floor – R-20 insulation was added to the floor. 
 Windows – Changed to higher quality double paned windows (u-1.0 W/m2.K). 
HE - Heating and Cooling 
The mechanical systems in the HE house have to be changed fairly dramatically. Due to the increased 
tightness in the structure, outdoor air has to be added to ensure good ventilation. 
 Outdoor Air System – The amount of outdoor air entering is now controlled in line with 
ASHRAE 62.1 – 2007. 
 Heat Exchanger – The indoor air in the winter passes through the heat exchanger as it 
leaves and passes its residual heat to the cold air being drawn in. This minimiz es the waste 
of the heating energy. In the summer is process the reversed to min imize the wast e of 
cooling energy. 
 Economizer – Added alongside the heat exchanger , and comes on when outside 
temperature is between 20°C and 26°C and the house needs cooling. This air bypass es the 
heat exchanger so that it maintains its temperature. 
 Heating – Boiler efficiency was increased to 93% as was the gas furnace. 
 Cooling – If the house included cooling, the direct expansion coil was given a COP of 4.22. 
Single-family homes will be renovated and operated more efficiently than the baseline against the 
following schedule: 
Building type/Energy Type 2013-2033 2033-50 
Single-family detached 
Electricity 56% 56% 
Heating 61% 73% 
Single-family attached 
Electricity 29% 32% 
Heating 16% 53% 
Figure A9.7 - Renovation Efficiency Rates – Single-family Homes 
9.4.3 New Construction 
New construction codes are the jurisdiction of the State of Michigan. The CEP assumption is that the 
City of Holland will follow the likely evolution of State codes. Michigan typically follow s the IECC 
recommendations for r esidential construction and ASHRAE for c ommercial construction. The State is 
an average to slow adopter of code changes. The assumed breakpoints for code changes from the 
current code occur every five years. From 2015, average efficiency for new construction inc reases 
10% relative to current c ode, and incrementally there after every five years. By 2050, all new 
construction is assumed to be 50% more efficient than current code. 
The CEP has recommendations for a number of measures including Energy Performance Labeling and 
outreach program s aimed at raising energy literacy to ensure and average compliance with code is 
100%. As outlined in more detail in Appendix 2, this compares with about 65 to 70% compliance for 
Michigan as a whole. Programs exist that encourage better-than-code energy performance. As the 
energy literacy of the City grows, it is assumed residents and business will demand more of themselves 
and the construction industry. 
In the residential sector, the DOE Builder’s Challenge 3 and the National As sociation of Homebuilders 
National Green Building Program 4 both have the capability to target 30% or better than average U.S. 
 
3 http://www1.eere.energy.gov/buildings/ challenge/builders.html 
4 http://www.nahbgreen.org/ 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 29 
code. For commercial buildings, ASHRAE has produced the Advanced Energy Design Guides 5 , which 
set targets of 30% and 50% better t han ASHRAE 90.1, while the U.S. Green Building Council’s LEED 
NC6 includes standards that would exceed code efficiency by 30% or more. 
For those builders wishing to get close to world-class efficiency performance, the Passive House 
Institute has appropria te recommendations. The C ity should draw on all these sources in establishing 
future planning and construction guidelines . Any efficiency that may occur as a result of using these 
above-code standards is excluded from the City modeling to avoid undue optimism. 
9.4.4 Building Operations and Occupant Behavior 
Achieving a substantial amount of the proposed efficiencies is feasible at modest cost through 
improved construction with good quality control; most coming from the ways in which buildings are lived 
in and maintained. Improved building operations will only be achieved with a significantly heightened 
public awareness of conservation, the impacts of lifestyle choices, and day -to-day attention to 
effectively managing the operation of residential and non-residential buildings. 
For years, energy professionals and others have drawn a distinction between the terms ―energy 
efficiency‖ and ―energy conservation.‖ Energy efficiency is usually regarded as physical impro vements 
in buildings, equipment, and appliances to obtain the same energy services (e.g. heat, light) at reduced 
energy cost. Energy conservation is usually defined as behavior practices (e.g. turning down a 
thermostat, or turning off a light) that reduce energy costs through a reduction in energy services. We 
regard both strategies as important components of energy demand management (EDM). Smart energy 
demand management should be practiced by residents and occupants of buildings, as well as by the 
professionals operating large residential and non-residential buildings. 
In Holland in a typical year, about 15 to 30% of all energy used in residential and about 35 to 50% in 
non-residential buildings comes from lighting, appliances, entertainment equipment, comp uting devices 
and miscellaneous electrical uses. More than half of the energy used in buildings is for heating, and the 
remaining energy used is for air-conditioning. 
The impact that homeowners can have on both the overall energy use and their own energy c osts 
through a range of individual actions is substantial. Purchasing energy efficient appliances, installing 
programmable thermostats, using high -efficiency lighting and weather -proofing homes are all relatively 
low-cost measures that have substantial imp acts. Even lower cost solutions can be achieved by 
changing a few habits including planning trips to minimize car use; setting back heating and cooling 
temperatures a degree or two; not leaving appliances in stand -by mode; and switching off unused 
lights. In addition to these energy reduction measures, homeowners and property managers should be 
encouraged to preserve mature trees and plant young trees on their property to further enhance the 
tree canopy, which provides shade and reduces the energy needed to cool their buildings. 
Similarly, many homeowners will renovate a portion of their homes every few years. These occasions 
offer opportunities to upgrade windows, to make different heating and cooling choices and to add 
insulation at relatively low incremental costs. 
Proper building operations in the non-residential sector can have major impacts on overall energy use. 
Buildings should be heated, cooled and lit only as much as is needed. Preparing buildings based on the 
anticipated weather can also have substantial efficiency benefits. 
9.5 Industrial Efficiency 
Industry accounts for a large portion of Holland’s current and predicted energy use. Industry has a 
much longer track record of more rigorous attention to managing energy costs, risks and efficiency. A 
 
5 http://www.ashrae.org/technology/page/938 
6 http://www.usgbc.org/DisplayPage.aspx? CMSPageID=220 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 30 
growing percentage has corporate wide carbon targets. The CEP recognizes this general commitment 
to continuous improvement by increasing the energy efficiency of industry in any given year by 1%. 
Two of the GIL consultants (Garforth and Bremer) have extens ive hands -on corporate leadership 
experience in energy and are actively engaged with the U .S. Energy Star Industries Focus Groups. 
Their collective experiences and that of many peer benchmark companies are reflected in the 1% 
assumption. 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 31 
APPENDIX 10 
GENERATION CAPACITY AND COSTS FOR ELECTRICITY AND DISTRICT HEAT 
10.1 Background 
This Appendix gives further background to the capacity balances for the electricity generation options 
summarized in Scenarios A, B, C and D. It also gives further background on the assessment of stand -
alone generating costs for both electricity and district heating for the different technology options. 
This Appendix summarizes the approach taken to allocate greenhouse gas emissions between the City 
of Holland and the balance of the HBPW service area. 
10.2 Electricity Capacity Balances 
To maintain continuity of comparison with the previous Black & Veatch study, a reference year of 2030 
is assumed. 
10.2.1 Estimated Customer Electricity Demand in 2030 
The Black & Veatch Study estimated the customer electricity demand for the entire HBPW service area 
(City plus ―Townships‖) at 308 MW in 2030 before any focused DSM or efficiency actions. 
The comparable CEP assessment is similar at 307 MW based on 2030 estimates of power 
consumption: 
 City of Holland Base Case consumption: 948,100 MWh 
 ―Townships‖ re-estimated consumption: 408, 355 MWh 
 Total HBPW service area total: 1,356,455 MWh 
Assuming the peak to base ratio in 2030 is the same as the 2010 baseline; the reassessed 2030 
customer demand is 307 MW. Unlike the B&V study, this does include the assumptions of gains from 
statutory DSM in the ―Townships‖ (see Appendix 2). 
10.2.2 Comparison of Peak Capacity Balances in 2030 
The electricity capacity balances for the four scenarios described in the main report are as follows: 
Item B&V Scen A Scen B Scen C Scen D 
Capacity in MW 359 351 356 356 351 
De Young - existing - (SF) 46 0 0 0 0 
De Young - new - (SF/DH) 70 0 0 70 70 
De Young - new – (CCGT/DH) 0 70 70 0 0 
Campbell/Belle River (SF) 46 46 46 46 46 
Peakers (NG) 147 147 147 147 147 
Oil Distillate 18 18 18 18 18 
Landfill (Gas) 10 10 10 10 10 
Industrial ED L01 – (CHP/DH) 0 30 30 30 30 
PV (Solar) 0 0 5 5 0 
Statutory DSM 22 0 0 0 0 
Elect Efficiencies-Holland 0 30 30 30 30 
Customer demand 308 307 307 307 307 
Reserve Margin - MW 51 44 49 49 44 
Reserve Margin - % 17% 13% 16% 16% 13% 
Figure A10.1 - Electricity Capacity Balances – 2030 Estimates 
In all of the CEP scenarios, the assumption is made that the existing De Young coal plant will reach the 
end of its useful life by about 2016. If this is not the case, it has minimal difference on the conclusions 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 32 
since the fuel mix of the grid is nearly 100% coal. All expa nsion scenarios on the De Young site 
assume any new plant will be configured for significant heat generation to serve the downtown district 
heating strategy. 
The CEP analys is approach has been done year -on-year, so the 2030 picture above is a snapshot 
chosen to make a comparison with the former B&V study. A comparable balance for any scenario in 
any year is available on request. By 2030, the bulk of the major capacities in all scenarios have been 
completed. The one exception is the Solar PV. By 2030, ap proximately one-third (5 MW) of summer 
peak relevant capacity will have been installed, leaving a 10 MW balance to be installed between 2030 
and 2050. This affects Scenarios B and C only. 
10.2.3 Renewable Electricity Capacity 
HBPW is required to meet the Michiga n State Renewable Energy Standard in its total deliveries (see 
Appendix 5). In the CEP scenarios, the landfill capacity, Solar PV and a portion of the efficiencies will 
qualify. Specifically in Scenarios C and D, the new solid fuel plant has been modeled on the 
assumption it would run at 30% biomass, which would also qualify to support compliance with the RES. 
The other alternative that is being considered is for HBPW to invest in about 37 MW of wind capacity 
within Michigan in a location with somewhat be tter wind characteristic than the immediate surroundings 
of Holland. 
10.3 Electricity Capacity Investments 
The electrical capacity investments for each scenario have been estimated using recognized indexes 
summaries in the following table: 
Item Base Scen A Scen B Scen C Scen D 
 $ M $ M $ M $ M $ M 
De Young - new - (SF/DH) $270 - - $270 $270 
De Young - new – (CCGT/DH) - $105 $105 - - 
Industrial ED L01 – (CHP/DH) - $60 $60 $60 $60 
Solar PV (8 of 24MW) - - $32 $32 - 
Industrial DH Network - $10 $10 $10 $10 
Downtown DH Network - $10 $10 $10 $10 
SFH Retrofit – Total Investment - $125 $125 $125 $125 
SFH Retrofit Owner Share - -$63 -$63 -$63 -$63 
Refrigerator Incentives $0 $1 $1 $1 $1 
AC Buyback (7,500) $0 $2 $2 $2 $2 
Industrial Efficiency $0 $0 $0 $0 
Additional Snow-Melt NA NA NA NA NA 
Total 2030 Investment $270 $250 $282 $447 $415 
Figure A10.2 - Electricity Capacity Investments – Rough Estimates 
It is a judgment call as to what should be included in this rough investment comparison. The key 
efficiency and district heating investment s were included in all the CEP s cenarios on the assumption 
these would need some form of community based infrastructure financing mechanism. Wind was 
included in two of the scenarios that had a strong renewable mi x. Since the main reason for the wind is 
to meet the State RPS, there is a case to be made to include in all scenarios. 
The key assumptions used to develop the above investment estimates were agr eed between the all 
members of the PWT prior to inclusion in the report, and are shown below: 
Item Investment Index Source 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 33 
De Young - new - (SF/DH) $3,828 / kWe $3,828 / kWe 
De Young - new – (CCGT/DH) 70MW $1,500 / kWe $1,500 / kWe 
De Young - new – (CCGT/DH) 55 MW $1,640 / kWe $1,640 / kWe 
Industrial ED L01 – (CHP/DH) 30MW $ 2,000 / kWe $ 2,000 / kWe 
Financing cost – SF/CCGT/CHP 5% Bonds 5% Bonds 
Depreciation 70 MW Solid Fuel 30 years 30 years 
Depreciation CCGT/CHP 30 years 30 years 
DH Industry network $ 300 / ft installed $ 300 / ft installed 
DH Downtown network $ 350 / ft installed $ 350 / ft installed 
Refrigerator buy-back $ 200 / unit $ 200 / unit 
AC buy-back $ 250 / unit $ 250 / unit 
SFH-detached – Moderate upgrade $17.5 / sq ft $17.5 / sq ft 
SFH-attached – Moderate upgrade $ 10.1 / sq ft $ 10.1 / sq ft 
SFH-detached – High efficient upgrade $ 55.9 / sq ft $ 55.9 / sq ft 
SFH-attached – High efficient upgrade $ 31.3 / sq ft $ 31.3 / sq ft 
Figure A10.3 - Investment Indexes 
10.4 Electricity and Heat Generating Costs 
The following charts estimate the cost of generation for electricity and district heating for the three 
generating technologies– Solid Fuel (SF), Combined Cycle Gas Turbine (CCGT), and Combined Heat 
and Power (CHP). All are assumed to be configured to provide heat at a qualit y suitable for a modern 
pressurized hot water district heating system. 
They have been calculated on a stand -alone basis and do not include the costs of distribution for either 
electricity or heat. In all cases a 30 -year depreciation cycle has been used as a common basis for 
comparison. 
10.4.1 Solid Fuel Generating Costs 
De Young - new - (SF/DH) Value 
Operating hours at 70MW capacity 7,500 
2012 coal price based on thermal content of coal $8.50/ MWh 
2012 to 2050 fuel price escalator 4 % / year 
Peak fuel consumption rate 865,000 MBtu/hr 
Electrical efficiency 27.6% 
Greenhouse gas based on thermal content of coal 325 kg/MWh 
Variable O & M Costs $5.18/MWhe 
Variable O&M Cost escalator 2012 to 2050 2% / year 
Fixed O & M Costs $3.85/MWhe 
Fixed O&M Cost escalator 2012 to 2050 2% / year 
Fuel increment for DH extraction relative to thermal 0.5 kWh / kWhth 
GHG cost range 2014/2050 $9.85 / $78.79 /MWhe 
Figure A10.4 - Solid Fuel Operating Cost Indexes 
De Young - new - (SF/DH) 2016 2030 2050 Comments 
Fuel 31.5 54.5 119.5 33% Electric efficiency 
Interest & Depreciation 33.5 33.5 33.5 5 % Bonds / 30 years 
O&M 10.0 13.2 19.6 B&V estimate 
Electricity Cost/MWh 74.9 101.2 172.5 No GHG penalty 
Electricity Cost/MWh 98.6 180.0 251.3 With GHG penalty 
District Heat Cost / MWh 5.2 9.0 19.7 No GHG penalty 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 34 
Figure A10.5 - Solid Fuel Generating Costs – 4% Coal Price Escalator 
The generating cost calculation has been made on the basis of Powder Basin Coal. It also assumed 
the plant would run 100% on coal only for cost calculation purposes. In the total City consolidation in 
Scenarios C and D, it has been assumed to be operating with 30% biomass. The generating cost 
summary in Figure A10.5 assumes a coal price escalator of 4%. This is based on the assumpt ion that 
coal price volatility going forward over the coming decades will be higher than for natural gas. This is 
the view of some market observers and the Consultants. 
There is a legitimate countervailing view that suggests the price drivers and risks ar ound both coal and 
gas, while different in nature, will be similar in total impact. Figure A10.6 makes the same cost estimate 
for solid fuel with a 3% escalator. 
De Young - new - (SF/DH) 2016 2030 2050 Comments 
Fuel 30.00 45.4 81.96 33% Electric efficiency 
Interest & Depreciation 33.5 33.5 33.5 5 % Bonds / 30 years 
O&M 10.0 13.2 19.6 B&V estimate 
Electricity Cost/MWh 73.46 92.02 135.0 No GHG penalty 
Electricity Cost/MWh 97.1 170.8 213.8 With GHG penalty 
District Heat Cost / MWh 5.0 7.5 13.5 No GHG penalty 
Figure A10.6 - Solid Fuel Generating Costs – 3% Coal Price Escalator 
10.4.2 CCGT Generating Costs 
De Young - new – (CCGT/DH) 70MW Value 
Operating hours at 70 MW 7,500 
2012 fuel price based on thermal content of gas $19.70/ MWh 
2012 to 2050 fuel price escalator 3 % / year 
Electrical efficiency 48% 
Greenhouse gas based on thermal content of gas 203 kg/MWh 
Variable O & M Costs $3.0/MWhe 
Variable O&M Cost escalator 2012 to 2050 2% / year 
Fixed O & M Costs $1.47/MWhe 
Fixed O&M Cost escalator 2012 to 2050 2% / year 
Fuel increment for DH extraction relative to thermal 0.4 kWh / kWhth 
GHG cost range 2014/2050 $4.23 / $33.83 /MWhe 
Figure A10.7 - CCGT Operating Cost Indexes 
De Young – new – (CCGT/DH) 70MW 2016 2030 2050 Comments 
Fuel 47.6 72.0 130.0 48% Electric efficiency 
Interest & Depreciation 13.0 13.0 13.0 5 % Bonds / 30 years 
O&M 4.9 6.5 9.7 B&V estimate 
Electricity Cost/MWh 65.5 91.5 152.7 No GHG penalty 
Electricity Cost/MWh 75.7 125.3 186.5 With GHG penalty 
District Heat Cost / MWh 9.1 13.8 25.0 No GHG penalty 
Figure A10.8 - CCGT Generating Costs 
The CCGT alternative to a solid fuel expansion is assumed to be located on the current De Young Site 
to give the maximum flexibility for integrating downtown district heating and minimiz ing the need to 
invest in new distribution infrastructure. The technology would allow phasing, but there is no obvious 
reason to recommend this. 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 35 
10.4.3 CHP Generating Costs 
Industrial ED L01 – (CHP/DH) 30MW Value 
Operating hours at 70 MW 7,500 
2012 fuel price based on thermal content of gas $19.70/ MWh 
2012 to 2050 fuel price escalator 3 % / year 
Electrical efficiency 45% 
Greenhouse gas based on thermal content of gas 203 kg/MWh 
Variable O & M Costs $4.0/MWhe 
Variable O&M Cost escalator 2012 to 2050 2% / year 
Fixed O & M Costs $2.0/MWhe 
Fixed O&M Cost escalator 2012 to 2050 2% / year 
Fuel increment for DH extraction relative to thermal 0.45 kWh / kWhth 
GHG cost range 2014/2050 $4.51 / $36.09/MWhe 
Figure A10.9 - CHP Operating Cost Indexes 
 
Industrial ED L01 – (CHP/DH) 30MW 2016 2030 2050 Comments 
Fuel 50.8 76.8 138.7 45% Electric efficiency 
Interest & Depreciation 23.7 23.7 23.7 5 % Bonds / 30 years 
O&M 6.6 8.7 13.0 PWT Estimate 
Electricity Cost/MWh 81.1 109.2 175.4 No GHG penalty 
Electricity Cost/MWh 91.9 145.3 211.4 With GHG penalty 
District Heat Cost / MWh 10.3 15.6 28.1 No GHG penalty 
Figure A10.10 - CHP Generating Costs 
The obvious assumption is to locate this on the 48 th Street Peaker site to both have available shared 
electrical distribution infrastructure and to have good thermal access to major industrial users. 
10.5 Allocating Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
The CEP framing emissions target is 1 0 mt CO2e/capita. The various s cenarios create reductions 
through a combination of efficiency, distribution and supply choices for heat and electricity. Each 
scenario has a different outcome in terms of emissions. 
In Appendix 2, the scale and evolution of the electricity that would be delivered by HBPW and used in 
the ―Townships‖ was summarized. This electricity is either generated in Holland or source from the 
grid. This raises the challenge to allocate the primary fuel and emissions from assets located in 
Holland, but serving a wider area. The following allocation rules have been used in the CEP: 
 All electricity generation at De Youn g will be allocated by HBPW system -wide, whether CCGT or 
Solid Fuel (coal and/or biomass). 
 All purchased electricity from outside the HBPW service area will be allocated system -wide, 
irrespective of the original source and including wind and landfill. 
 All generation that results from specific strategies that would not have happened without a ful ly 
integrated CEP, supported and implemented by the City as a whole, will be allocated to the City. In 
the current scenarios this will include: 
o CHP on the industrial park, 
o CHP as part of the De Young site that is dedicated to serving district heating, 
o Aggressive Solar PV aimed at peak reduction and carbon reduction. 
 Statutory DSM will not be allocated statistically to the City of Holland, since this is already 
incorporated in the various efficiency initiatives: 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 36 
o Existing and new buildings renovation, construction and operation, 
o Energy Performance Labels, 
o Industrial Efficiency, 
o Aggressive appliances buy-back. 
 Electrical DSM will be allocated statistically to the ―Townships‖ residential and c ommercial sectors 
using percentage based on the levels agreed by HBPW. (See Appendix 2). 
 Electrical DSM will not be allocated to industry in both Holland and the ―Townships‖, since the 
assumption is that corporate efficiency program s will be as effective outside Holland as inside the 
City. 
 There will be no significant HBPW distributed generating assets of any type (fossil or renewable) 
located outside the City of Holland, but within the balance of the HBPW Service area. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 37 
 
APPENDIX 11 
TYPICAL IEMP SCOPE OF WORK 
The CEP recommends that each of the five Scale Projects develop a local detailed energy plan , also 
known as an Integrated Energy Master Plan (IEMP). These will be distinct for each Scale Project. As 
a reminder the five scale projects are: 
1. Hope College Campus 
2. Holland Hospital/Aquatic Center/High School Cluster 
3. Historic District Single-family Home Neighborhood 
4. Industrial Park 
5. Downtown District Heating 
Under the auspices of a 2010 study for Arlington County, a sample Scope of Work for a Scale Project 
was developed as an example that is typical of a high -density neighborhood designated as a district 
energy candidate. It has been included here to give a sense of the scop e of a large, fully integrated 
Energy Master Plan. In the City of Holland, all the anticipated Scale Projects would be of a somewhat 
smaller scale. The following has been reproduced courtesy of Arlington County, Virginia. 
Note that the outline structure and numbering in this Appendix from here forward is separate from the 
other sections in the document. 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 38 
CRYSTAL CITY 
DECISION GRADE INTEGRATED ENERGY MASTER PLAN 
Scope of Work for Request for Proposal 
DRAFT 
Version dated August 21st, 2010 
 
 
Prepared for 
Arlington County – Vornado – WGL Holdings, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Prepared by Garforth International llc 
(Preparation of this draft funded under Arlington County Community Energy Plan Contract No. 439-09) 
 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 39 
REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL 
Decision Grade-Integrated Energy Master Plan (DG-IEMP) for Crystal City 
1. BACKGROUND TO RFP 
This is a Request for Proposal ( RFP) for Consulting Services for a Decision Grade Integrated Energy 
Master Plan for Crystal City ( IEMP) issued by a Consortium ( Consortium) consisting of Arlington 
County (County), Vornado/Charles E. Smith (Vornado), and WGL Holdings, Inc. (WGLH). 
The Crystal City Site (Site or Crystal City) will enter a period of major renovation and restructuring over 
the coming years. The Crystal City Sector Plan ( Sector Plan ) process has already started between 
Vornado and the County. The Sector Plan is targeted to be completed by September 2010. For the 
purposes of this Request for Proposal, Crystal City will be defined identically to the Sector Plan. Figure 
1 shows the boundaries. 
 
Figure 1: Boundaries of Crystal City for IEMP Purposes 
In March 2010, the County initiated the development of a comprehensive Commun ity Energy Plan 
(CES Task Force Final Report ) aimed at substantially reducing the energy use and energy related 
greenhouse gas ( GHG) emissions of the County as a whole, while improving the overall 
competitiveness of the County and the quality and reliability of its energy services. 
The CES Task Force Final Report uses 2007 as its baseline year and has a planning horizon to 2050. 
The CES Task Force Final Report is scheduled to be approved by the County Board in spring 2011. It 
is expected that a headline goal of the CES Task Force Final Report will be to reduce energy related 
GHG per resident from the 2007 baseline of 13.5 metric tons to about 4.5 metric tons by 2050. This 
includes energy use in homes and buildings and for transportation for all public and private uses. 
In May 2010, the CES Task Force Final Report Task Force, a community body set up to oversee the 
CES Task Force Final Report development process, selected Crystal City as one of four high -priority 
potential Energy Scale Projects (ESP). Each ESP will be expected to develop an IEMP over the coming 
months. The final recommendations of the IEMP, provided they are accepted by the Consortium, shall 
be integrated into the overall planning process for Crystal City. 
Further background on the CEP proj ect process is available on the County web site 
(http://www.arlingtonva.us/departments/DES-
CEP/CommunityEnergyPlan/CommunityEnergyPlanMain.aspx ) 
 
 
 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 40 
2. CRYSTAL CITY GENERAL BACKGROUND 
Crystal City is currently one of the largest energy consuming areas of Arlington County, using 19% of 
all energy and creating 20% of all GHGs of the entire County total. 
The Sector Plan anticipates deep renovation and repurposing of existing structures, along with 
substantial increases in total finished commercial and retail space, hotel rooms, and housing units. The 
summary of the current sector planning is included in Appendix 1. 
The Arlington County CES Task Force F inal Report will include Narratives for each of the four priority 
Energy Scale Projects. The draft Crystal City Scale Project Narrative is included in Appendix 2, and 
includes additional background. 
3. IEMP ASSESSMENT FRAMEWORK 
The IEMP will evaluate the fea sibility of adopting an integrated approach to efficient energy delivery 
and usage, increased energy efficiency, and optimized energy supply for Crystal City. The feasibility of 
the integrated approach will be assessed on energy -related investment returns; competitiveness of 
Crystal City as a whole; and the environmental impact in terms of avoided GHG. The overriding goal of 
the IEMP should be to radically reduce the environmental impact of total energy use and to provide 
high commercial and customer attractiveness. 
The specific elements that are to be evaluated are detailed in the Scope of Work found in Section 6 of 
this RFP. 
4. OVERALL TEAM FRAMEWORK 
The IEMP Team (Team) will include members and skills from both the Consortium and from the 
responder to this RFP ( Bidder). Irrespective of the final mix of the Team between Bidder and 
Consortium membership, the accountability for the completion of the IEMP meeting the Scope of Work 
(Section 6) lies with the Bidder. 
The Team needed to successfully complete the I EMP will have a wide range of experience and skills 
summarized in Figure 2. 
 
Figure 2: IEMP Team Structure and Skills 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 41 
The Consortium is looking for a Bidder that can provide expertise highlighted in green in Figure 2. The 
successful Bidder will be able to demonstrate experience and expertise in these three areas, including: 
 Integrating Efficient Buildings 
 US residential and non-residential building practices, HVAC and BMS systems 
 US residential and non-residential building codes 
 EU building codes, prac tices, performance, and performance validation (for benchmarking 
purposes) 
 Building and community energy demand modeling for new construction and deep renovation 
 Matching modeled energy data to metered data for baseline purposes 
 Developing and modeling energy demand scenarios at both building and community level 
 Integrating clean and renewable energy sources including district heating, district cooling, and on -
site combined heat and power into both existing and new buildings 
 Impacts of efficiency scenarios on construction and building operating costs 
 
Multi-utility Services 
 Designing, constructing, and operating community multi -utility energy networks delivering district 
energy (heating and cooling) in addition to natural gas and electricity 
 Developing and evaluating centralized and decentralized heating and cooling generation strategies 
including combined heat and power generation from small-, medium-, and large-scale plants 
 Integration of reliable and economically feasible renewable energy sources in both b uilding and 
community systems 
 Integration of smart multi-utility energy metering and management systems 
 Impacts of energy supply and distribution scenarios on investments and supply system operating 
costs and revenues 
 Impacts of energy supply and distribu tion scenarios on community direct and indirect greenhouse 
gas emissions 
 
Integration 
 Technical aspects of integrating efficient buildings with multi-utility supply options 
 Investment, operating costs, and revenue aspects of integrating efficient building s with multi -utility 
supply options 
 Greenhouse gas aspects of integrating efficient buildings with multi-utility supply options 
 Developing risk scenarios for differing energy prices, climate legislation, and regulatory outlooks 
 Modeling business performance from the property owners/operators’ standpoint 
 Modeling business performance from energy services investors’ and operators’ standpoints 
 Familiarity with different energy services, and energy investment business and operating models 
from the USA and elsewhere 
 Familiarity with current and planned energy and climate legislation in the USA and elsewhere 
 Familiarity with GHG emissions and efficiency monetization in both voluntary and regulated markets 
 
In general, integrated community level approaches to effic iency and supply of urban energy services 
are common in Scandinavia, Germany, and other areas of central and northern Europe. A Team 
familiar with the technical, economic, and business approaches of various energy efficiency and supply 
scenarios from arou nd the world is essential to ensure that best practices are recommended. At the 
same time, there must be a high level of US construction and building science knowledge. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 42 
The Bidder will be asked to include resumes of key personnel, similar project experience background 
including references, and samples of relevant project reports. 
It is expected that some of the required expertise and local knowledge will be provided by the 
Consortium members. This could include: 
 Details of the Crystal City build-out schedule 
 Ownership of property 
 Real estate market values 
 Lease and purchase contracts’ structures 
 Virginia public service regulatory frameworks 
 County regulatory frameworks including awarding rights-of-way to district energy 
 Some business and institutional goals and constraints; short-, medium-, and long-term 
 Baseline and historic electricity and gas consumption data from existing buildings and utility 
deliveries 
 Local renewable portfolio standards and anticipated RPS programs 
 Natural gas supply and infrastructure 
 
The Bidder should also indicate if they have focused expertise in any of these areas. 
5. INTEGRATED ENERGY MASTER PLANNING 
The IEMP shall propose options to radically reduce the environmental impact of energy use while 
enhancing comfort, convenience, and cost for the owners and building operators. Total energy usage 
should be substantially less than a comparable development elsewhere in Virginia. The indicative 
target is that the energy use will be 60% less than current practice by 2040, with GHG levels being at 
least 70% less. 
The IEMP shall recommend integrated approaches to providing Crystal City with energy services 
respecting the following goals: 
1. To meet the commercial real -estate expectations of Vornado and other property owners in 
Crystal City in terms of market attractiveness and construction costs 
2. To be sufficiently flexible to grow with the anticipated build out of Crystal City while retaining 
price competitiveness 
3. To be sufficiently flexible to add neighboring areas to Crystal City if this should prove to be 
desirable in future – possible energy service extensions could include the Pentagon City, 
Potomac Yard, and the planned Arlington County Aquatic Center 
4. To minimize direct and indirect greenhouse gases caused by energy use of Crystal City 
5. To maximize the energy service reliability and affordability to all end users in Crystal City 
6. To be sufficiently flexible to incorporate new operating strategies and technologies as they 
emerge 
7. To be able to be integrated into a future wid er County energy services concept through 
appropriate technology and operating business model choices 
8. To be a role model of effective sustainable community design to enhance the competitiveness 
of Crystal City and to encourage proliferation of similar approaches 
6. SCOPE OF WORK 
The development of the IEMP shall be based on a number of clearly structured scenarios. The IEMP 
scenarios shall be reasonable combinations of the followings attributes: 
 Buildings Energy Demand Estimates 
 Buildings Energy Supply Estimates 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 43 
 Site Additional Energy Demand Estimates 
 Site Control and Interconnection 
 Climate Change Legislation 
 Energy Pricing Estimates 
 Energy and Climate Performance Validation 
 Investments 
 Legislative and Regulatory (excluding financial incentives) 
 Financial Incentives 
 Ownership and Operating Structure 
 Market Pricing 
 
The timeline that should be considered for the assessment is the build -out timetable for Crystal City as 
defined in the summary of the current sector planning shown in Appendix 1 of this RFP. F inancial and 
economic calculation will take into account a period up to 30 years. The final choice of scenarios will 
be a Team decision as part of the IEMP process. 
The IEMP will address the following topics: 
Topic Description 
1 Buildings Energy Demand Estimates 
Generally will be building specific with some grouping by type 
 Base case: 
 Vornado’s minimum commitment (Local Code is default) 
 Scenario cases: 
 Renovation: XX % below current practice – may be time related 
 New Construction: YY % above Base-case – may be time related 
2 Buildings Energy Supply Estimates 
 Base case: 
 Conventional boiler/furnace and electric AC and grid electricity 
including, where applicable, electricity for heating for the same 
percentage of buildings that are currently not using shared 
infrastructure through the Tenant Service Center 
 Percentage of buildings with shared infrastructure through the Tenant 
Service Center will remain constant, with technologies and efficiencies 
at today’s level 
 Scenario cases - agreed mix of: 
 In-building cogeneration and/or renewables 
 On-site cogeneration and/or renewables 
 District energy (heating and/or cooling) 
 Conventional boiler/furnace and electric AC and grid electricity 
3 Additional Crystal City Energy Demand Estimates 
 Base case: 
 Current construction densities with conventional supply (buildings) 
 Scenario case: 
 Higher construction densities 
4 Crystal City Smart Metering and Energy Management 
 Base case: 
 Individual BMS systems for each building 
 No interoperability guidelines for BMS, supply metering and controls 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 44 
 Scenario cases to capture coincidence benefits – agreed mix of: 
 Interoperable BMS architecture between buildings 
 BMS interconnection standards to allow future integration 
 Site energy supply control and metering integrated with BMS 
architecture 
 Common metering information standards for all energy types 
 District energy-ready installation of heating, cooling and distributed 
generation units to allow future integration 
5 Climate Change Legislation 
 Base case: 
 No financial value from reducing GHG emissions (in USA) 
 Scenario case: 
 National legislation in force similar to HR2454 
6 Energy Pricing Estimates 
 Base case: 
 Evolution of prices using widely recognized market assumptions 
 Scenario case: 
 Evolution of energy prices assuming carbon pricing risk from HR2454 
or similar 
7 Energy and Climate Performance Validation 
 Base case: 
 No systematic approach with year-on-year energy efficiency loss 
 Scenario case: 
 Energy performance labeling (or similar) at initial point of sale 
 Energy performance labeling (or similar) at point of resale or lease 
8 Investments 
 Base case: 
 Used as reference level 
 Scenario cases (each incremental to Base case): 
 Efficient building shell 
 Controls and metering 
 District heating and cooling 
 Alternative energy generation and supply (e.g. cogeneration and 
renewable energy) 
9 Legislative and Regulatory (excluding financial incentives) 
 Base case: 
 Current or confirmed future status that has passed formal 
hurdles/votes 
 Scenario cases: 
 Possible future picture(s) agreed by Team 
10 Financial and other Market Incentives 
 Base case: 
 Current or a confirmed future status that has passed formal 
hurdles/votes 
 Scenario cases (See Note 2): 
 Current incentives are not available 
 Clean and renewable energy including cogeneration is at least using 
net-metered conditions 
 Above plus marketing approaches and incentives agreed by the team 
including marketing, meeting customers’ own environmental targets 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 45 
and needs, and restructuring leases and tax incentives. 
11 Ownership and Operating Structure 
 Base case: 
 Currently planned property ownership and leasing conditions 
 Scenario cases - agreed mix of: 
 District Energy Utility ownership of selected energy supply and 
distribution assets, including recommendations on structure and 
governance 
 Currently planned vertical property ownership and leasing conditions 
 Evolutionary transfer of ownership of energy supply and distribution 
assets to District Energy Utility 
 Restructured leases to align financial interest in efficiency 
12 Market Pricing of Property 
 Base case: 
 Currently estimated sale and rental values and occupancy 
 Scenario cases: 
 Enhanced sales value as function of energy operating costs/other 
factors using assumptions agreed by the Team (see Note 1) 
 Enhanced rental value as function of energy operating costs/other 
factors using assumptions agreed by the Team 
 Increased occupancy as function of energy operating costs/other 
factors using assumptions agreed by the Team 
13 Analyses 
 All analyses have to be done relative to Base case. 
 All agreed scenarios should have been done for at least two energy and carbon cost 
profiles. 
 The model should be structured to allow doing a series of “what-if” assessments. 
 All costs and benefits shall be calculated on a yearly basis as well as the estimation for 
all key variables. 
 Scenarios analyses must to be done from the perspective of the property 
developers/owners as well as of the District Energy Utility. 
The minimum analysis sets will be: 
 Internal rate of return (IRR) 
 Net present value (NPV) 
 Energy use reductions 
 Avoided greenhouse gas emissions 
 Recommendations including timeline with milestones 
Notes for Bidder Consideration: 
1. There is a growing body of market factors research and data that is indicating enhanced market 
value of ―Green Buildings‖ to occupants, owners and tenants. These indicate a significant 
enhancement of rental value or sales value relative to the saving of energy costs. In addition, 
significant productivity factors are also becoming accepted as data is becoming more available. 
Lastly, the possibility for future carbon pricing may affect the property and rental values. 
However, as time goes on, and ―Green Building‖ becomes a market norm as it is in Scandinavia 
and Ge rmany, this market premium begins to disappear. The Team will agree value 
enhancement / destruction scenarios as part of the Scenario modeling exercise. The bidder is 
encouraged to present their suggested approach, background experience and knowledge in 
evaluating the market value of Green Developments. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 46 
2. The successful bidder will demonstrate knowledge and ideally experience of successful 
marketing approaches and incentives that can be applied to the sale and leasing of Green 
Developments. The Team as a wh ole will agree the extent these will be factored into the 
Scenarios as a value enhancement or value risk. Specifically a working knowledge of the 
property leasing and purchase requirements of GSA and the US Department of Defense is 
required. 
7. REQUIRED DELIVERABLES 
Proposal will be for the following deliverables: 
1. Decision Grade Integrated Energy Master Plan – Full Report – The Full Report should also 
include an Executive Summary suitable for use as a stand -alone document for extended 
distribution as needed. 
2. Decision Grade Integrated Energy Master Plan – Presentation – Bidder will present findings and 
recommendations in an oral presentation format. The presentation slides as used will also be 
submitted as part of this deliverable. 
3. Meeting participation in 3 (three) or more milestone meetings to present and discuss findings 
and recommendations. These will include: 
 Project Kick-off Meeting 
 Mid-point Project Review and Developmental Recommendation Alignment 
 Final Recommendation Presentation (also see Deliverable 2) 
 Others as determined 
8. REQUIRED TIMING 
Deliverable 1 shall be delivered 180 -days after signing of final contract. The Project Kick -off Meeting 
should be scheduled as soon as possible following contract signing, subject to mutual scheduling of the 
Team. 
The Final Recommendation Presentation shall be completed no later than 30 days following the 
delivery of Deliverable 1, subject to mutual scheduling of the Team and stakeholders. 
Deliverable 3 will be held at the discretion of the Consortium throughout the project as needed, subject 
to mutual scheduling of the Team. 
9. RESPONSE CONTENTS 
In addition to the proposal for the deliverables outlined in Section 7, the successful Bidder is expected 
to provide at least the following information: 
 Detailed resum es of the proposed consulting team highlighting the elements specifically 
relevant to this Proposal 
 Organization Chart of the overall IEMP Team showing the Bidders’ Team members by name 
and role, and showing the Consortium Members by role only. 
 General business background of the Team Members’ home companies or organizations, if the 
Bidder’s Team is from multiple entities. As long as the Team has the appropriate experience, a 
structure representing multiple organizations will be viewed as completely acceptable as long as 
there is a credible project management approach. 
 A summary of the detailed sub-tasks and the resources assigned to each in hours for each team 
members 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 47 
 Summary of the billing rates for each Team Member 
 Summary of Team expertise and experience that highlights their fit to the three areas outlined in 
Section 4 of this RFP: 
o Integrating efficient buildings 
o Multi-Utility Services 
o Integration 
This summary should also address each of sub -bullets in these three main areas, also detailed 
in Section 4. 
If the team also has additional expertise that is relevant to the overall success of the IEMP, this 
should be highlighted. 
 Reference projects that clearly demonstrate large area integrated energy planning, 
implementation and operating experience of the tea m members. These may include projects 
that have completed the detailed energy master planning stage, but have not yet been 
implemented. They may include projects where team members may have been members of a 
different team. 
 The Consortium is committed to Crystal City being an example of competitive world -class 
practice. The successful bidder will be asked to clearly demonstrate their awareness and 
experience with Global Best Practices in all critical area. Specifically, detailed knowledge of EU 
integrated urban multi-utility energy systems would be expected 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 48 
APPENDIX 12 
ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND CLEAN ENERGY INCENTIVES 
12.1 Background 
There are many opportunities related to efficiency and clean energy incentives. This Appendix 
summarizes a variety of opportunities available when the CEP was drafted (August 2011). Incentives 
change very frequently, so this should be seen as an indicative list. 
12.2 Federal Incentives 
Federal financial incen tives for renewable energy or energy efficiency development primarily targets 
business owners or individuals, rather than communities. However, these incentives can offer an 
advantage to cities when they undertake public -private partnerships. Local busines s or community 
groups can work together to bundle requests such that there is a greater impact on the overall 
community results. 
12.2.1 Solar/Geothermal Investment Tax Credit 
Up to 10% of the investment or purchase and installation amount of qualifying energy pro perty can be 
claimed by a business when filing annual tax returns. Qualifying energy property includes equipment 
that uses solar or geothermal energy to generate electricity, to heat or cool (or provide hot water for use 
in) a structure, or to provide process heat. 
12.2.2 Modified Accelerated Cost Recovery System 
The Modified Accelerated Cost Recovery System (MACRS) allows businesses to recover investments 
in solar, wind, and geothermal assets through accelerated depreciation deductions. The M ACRS 
establishes a framework for depreciating various types of property, ranging from 3 to 50 years. 
12.2.3 Tax Exemption for Non-taxable Energy Grants or Subsidized Energy Financing 
Energy grants and subsidized energy financing received by a business from federal, state, or local 
government entities may be exempt from federal taxation. Such grants and financing must be for the 
principal purpose of conserving or producing energy. 
12.2.4 Renewable Electricity Production Credit (REPC) & Renewable Energy Production 
Incentive (REPI) 
Private entities subject to taxation (corporations, small businesses, and individuals) that generate 
electricity from wind and "closed -loop" biomass facilities and sell this electricity to an unrelated party, 
are eligible to receive a production credit (REPC). 
Non-taxpaying entities can apply for an incentive payment (REPI) from the U.S. DOE, for electricity 
produced and sold by new qualifying renewable energy generation facilities. 
12.2.5 DOE Solar Energy Technology Program 
The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) So lar Energy Technologies Program (the Solar Program) has 
opened a request for information (RFI) under the SunShot Initiative, from solar industry stakeholders 
regarding a regional government challenge to drive improvements in market condi tions for rooftop 
photovoltaic (PV) generation. Information from the RFI will be used in the development of a possible 
Funding Opportunity Announcement from DOE. 
The Challenge is designed to drive improvements in market conditions for rooftop PV, with an 
emphasis on streamlined and standardized permitting processes. The proposed structure is intended to 
encourage participation by diverse entities and ensure meaningful results. The participants in the 
Challenge are intended to be partnerships of local governments, utilities, r egional transmission 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 49 
organizations/independent system operators, and others across several jurisdictions. Reducing non -
hardware costs and removing market barriers in major regions across the U.S. would lead to a 
significant increase in domestic PV sales. 
There are four main action areas in the Challenge designed so that participants who succeed in all 
action areas will come out of the Challenge period with all the necessary elements in place to support a 
robust solar market in their region. While success i n one action area would represent important 
progress, it is only with results in all four action areas that will truly reap the economic and 
environmental benefits associated with a healthy solar energy market. 
The DOE SunShot Initiative is a collaborative national initiative to make solar energy technologies cost -
competitive with other forms of energy by reducing the cost of solar energy systems by about 75% 
before 2020. Reducing the total installed cost for utility -scale solar electricity to roughly 6 ce nts per 
kilowatt hour without subsidies will result in rapid, large -scale adoption of solar electricity across the 
U.S. 
12.2.6 FHA, Fannie Mae Launch Energy Efficiency Retrofit Program 
On May 31, 2011, t he U.S. Housing and Urban Development Department (HUD) announced its Green 
Refinance Plus, a program between HUD's Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and Fannie Mae to 
boost energy efficiency in older affordable housing. The program will allow owners of existing affordable 
rental housing properties to refina nce into new mortgages that include funding for energy - and water-
saving upgrades, along with other needed property renovations. 
Under the program, FHA and Fannie Mae will share the risk on loans to refinance existing rent -
restricted projects while permitt ing owners to borrow additional funds to make energy -saving 
improvements to their properties. Owners of existing multi -family affordable properties typically 
refinance their mortgages every 10 to 15 years. In older apartment buildings, however, owners are 
often hard -pressed to find additional financing to maintain or improve the physical condition of their 
properties, including making energy -efficient upgrades. Soon, Fannie Mae and its participating lenders 
will begin accepting applications to refinance own ers' debt and improve the energy efficiency of their 
properties. 
The initiative is intended to refinance the expiring mortgages of Low Income Housing Tax Credit 
properties, and other affordable projects, and to lower annual operating costs by reducing ener gy 
consumption. Fannie Mae and HUD anticipate approximately $100 million in initial refinance volume 
with an average loan amount of $3.5 to $5 Million. See the HUD press release and a fact sheet about 
the Green Refinance program. 
12.3 State Incentives 
Many sta tes offer one or more financial incentives for investment in commercial and industrial 
applications of renewable energy technologies. These incentives include income tax credits, property 
tax exemptions, state sales tax exemptions, loan programs, special g rant programs, industry 
recruitment incentives, accelerated depreciation allowances, as well as project development grants. 
A number of U.S. states have recently established clean energy funds to accelerate the 
commercialization of renewable energy and ene rgy efficiency. The 15 States that have established 
these funds to date expect to collect $3.5 Billion between 1998 and 2012 for renewable energy 
investments. The funds emphasize practical, local solutions to clean energy market barriers. 
Some successes f rom these funds include a wind power financing program that has made 
Pennsylvania a wind power center in the East. Massachusetts has embarked on an aggr essive green 
buildings program. Wisconsin has undertaken tough evaluation standards for its renewable e nergy 
programs. The Minnesota legislature has exempted energy-efficient residential products from sales tax. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 50 
A number of states also have solar photovoltaic programs that are steadily expanding t he market for 
solar generation. 
The state of Michigan has the following incentives: State loan programs, property tax incentives, 
personal tax credit, PACE financing, and local loan programs. 
12.4 Local Financial and Other Incentives 
The City of Holland through the HBPW has the following incentive programs: 
12.4.1 Energy Smart 
Incentives on a variety of new measures include intelligent surge protectors (or ―smart power strips‖), 
barrel wraps for injection molding equipment, engineered nozzles for compressed air applications, ECM 
upgrades for coolers and freezers, and night shie lds for coolers and freezers. In addition, incentive 
amounts have changed for central lighting controls and HID replacements. 
12.4.2 Appliance Turn-In and Recycling 
Older model refrigerators and freezers typically use twice the electricity as newer models. Turn ing in an 
old freezer/refrigerator qualifies for a $30 rebate. Window air conditioners receive a $15 rebate. 
12.4.3 Residential High-efficiency HVAC Systems 
This program encourages the selection of high -efficiency equipment when a home’s heating or cooling 
system is updated. Qualified central air conditioning units, heat pumps, gas furnaces with ECM motors 
and ENERGY STAR® room air conditioners and dehumidifiers are eligible for rebates. 
12.4.4 Energy Optimization Program 
Electric customers that may be recently unemployed or meet low and moderate income guidelines are 
encouraged to check out the Energy Optimization (EO) Program offered through the Ottawa County 
Community Action Agency and the Allegan County Resource Development Committee. Free home 
energy conservation services include the installation of compact florescent bulbs, a refrigerator 
replacement, furnace replacement, installation of wall and attic insulation, caulking to reduce air leaks, 
and other energy efficiency measures. Eligibility is based on household income being at or below 200% 
of the federal poverty level.7 
12.4.5 Local Incentive Summary 
Many financing tools have been developed to encourage energy efficiency and renewable energy 
development, ranging from tax incentives, such as tax credits for renewable power generation, to low 
interest revolving loan funds (loans that can be repaid with savings from efficiency measures) to 
revenue bond measures. Most of these tax credits and financial incentives are available to business 
owners rather than municipalities, and, as such, do no t offer cities a direct way to finance their 
sustainable energy plans. In addition, these available grants and incentives may provide the necessary 
motivation for municipal governments to leverage private-public investments with local businesses. 
This Appe ndix has shown just a few of some of the existing opportunities that are available. It is 
important to have an established system in place to track the Federal, State and local incentives on a 
continuous basis so that opportunities are not missed. 
 
 
7 See http://aspe.hhs.gov/poverty/11poverty.shtml 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 51 
APPEND IX 13 
WATER EFFICIENCY 
13.1 Background 
This Appendix is included as supplemental detail for the CEP. There are good reasons to include a 
view to the water use and water supply system in the Community Energy Plan, since there are close 
relationships between water use and energy. The most important of these relations are: 
 Energy is a major part of the cost to treat and distribute water. 
 The use of hot water is directly connected with the consumption of the energy and hot water 
savings automatically result in reduced energy consumption. 
13.2 U.S. Water Withdrawal and Usage 
The U .S. is by far the largest water user in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and 
Development (OECD) 8 countries in terms of total use , as well as per capita use. In the 2002 OECD 
ranking of annual water withdrawal (fr om groundwater, surface or saline sources) per capita, the U .S. 
was ranked highest among the 29 nations listed, with a water use of about 1,700 cubic meters (about 
450,000 gallons) per person per year. The OECD average is about 900 cubic meters (240,000 gallons) 
per capita per year, with some countries much less, such as Germany at 450 cubic meters (120,000 
gallons) per capita and year. 9 The total U .S. water use amounts to 1 .55 Billion cubic meters (410 
Billion gallons) per day, or 150 Trillion gallons per year. 
 
Figure A13.1 - Water Use Comparison 
The largest share of that total withdrawal is used in thermoelectric power plants (49% of the total U.S. 
water use). The second largest water usage category is irrigation, which is about 31%. About 12% of 
the U.S. water withdrawal amount is being used for public supply, of which the largest part (approx. 
 
8 OECD-Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development www.oecd.org 
9 http://www.oecd.org/dataoecd/42/27/34416097.pdf 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 52 
60%) is going to domestic (household) use, corresponding to a national average consumption of 99 
gallons per capita per day (or 375 liters/capita per day). 
The major categories of water use in the U.S. are shown in the following table: 
 Public 
supply 
Domestic Irrigation Live 
stock 
Aqua 
culture 
Industry Mines Power Total 
U.S. 
Mgal/d 44,200 3,830 128,000 2,140 8,780 18,190 4,020 201,100 410,000 
U.S. % 10.8% 0.9% 31.2% 0.5% 2.1% 4.4% 1.0% 49.0% 100.0% 
Figure A13.2 - Water Category Use 
The average U .S. domestic consumption can be broken down to outdoor use of about 30 gallons per 
capita per day, and several indoor use categories totaling about 69 gallons per capita per day 
according to the following table: 
Fixture/appliance Gal/d 
Toilet 18.5 
Clothes washer 15.0 
Shower 11.6 
Faucets 10.9 
Leaks 9.5 
Other 1.6 
Bath 1.2 
Dishwasher 1.0 
Total indoor 69.3 
Figure A13.3 - Water Use by Category 
13.3 Holland Water Usage 
Compared to the 375 liters (99 gallons) per capita per day U .S. average domestic consumption, 
Holland has a substantially lower domestic consumption rate of 193 liters (51 gallons) per capita per 
day. However, as experiences from many other countries show, there is room for reduction by 
borrowing from best practice examples and implementing measures to increase water efficiency. 
Holland is supplied with drinking water , m anaged and operated by HBPW which provides drinking 
water to homes and businesses and water for fire emergencies. Typical daily residential consumptio n is 
approximately 1.7 Million gallons a day . The total annual billed residential water consumption is about 
615 M illion gallons or $3M . The sewer or waste -water cost associated with outgoing water is also 
treated by HBPW for an annual cost of $2.8M. 
A breakdown of the total water consumption and sewer or waste water for Holland, based on available 
data and reasonable assumptions, is shown in the following tables: 
 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 53 
Figure A13.4 - Annual Water Usage Breakdown 
 
Figure A13.5 - Annual Sewer Breakdown 
13.4 Global Practice: What Others Have Done and Achieved 
In many countries water efficiency became an issue of public interest in the 1980s and 1990s, driven by 
increasing environmental awareness as well as rapidly increasing freshwater and sewage cost. This 
led to a substantial decrease in per capita water consumption. The following table compares the 
domestic consumption of a number of countries: 
Country Domestic consumption [l/ca/d] 
United States 375 
Canada 329 
Italy 250 
Sweden 200 
France 150 
Denmark 145 
Israel 135 
Germany 126 
Belgium 120 
Figure A13.6 - Benchmark Data 
13.5 German Experiences and Practices 
In Germany, domestic water consumption dropped 15% from 147 l/ca/d in 1990 to 126 l/ca/d in 2004 
for private households and small business. The breakdown of these 126 liters is shown below: 
 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 54 
 
Figure A13.7 - Germany Water Usage Breakdowns 
Along with a wide range of building and appliance standards and public education, price had a 
significant impact on consumption. 
13.6 Copenhagen Water Saving Strategies 
Copenhagen Water is a regional supplier deliv ering water to approximately 1 M illion people in the 
greater Copenhagen area, located around the City of Copenhagen . Since 1989, Copenhagen Water is 
continuously implementing measures to reduce water consumption. In consequence, water 
consumption had decreased by 22% in 1997 and continues to fall. 
The achievements have been due to the following measures: 
 Information and motivation campaigns 
 Water-saving consultancy for companies and housing associations 
 Focused training for water and sanitation businesses such as plumbers 
 Installation of individual water meters in apartments 
 Using non-potable water in industry 
 Systematic leak tests to reduce water losses 
 New technologies for trenchless pipe renovation 
 Increase in water prices and adaption of the tariff system 
Unaccounted for water is less than 5%; lower than in any other major city in Europe. 
13.7 U.S. EPA Study 
In a 2005 U .S. EPA study, about 100 homes in three different cities were retrofitted with water ef ficient 
equipment (toilets, clothes washers, showerheads, faucets) while the consumption levels were 
monitored before and after the retrofit. It showed that an average consumption reduction from 245 
l/ca/d to 149 l/ca/d, or an average of 39% savings, could be achieved. The estimated payback period 
for retrofitting costs averaged to 5.8 years. About 70% of the savings resulted from efficient toilets. 
13.8 Approaches and Measures 
In general, the best success in water efficiency programs is experienced where not only singular 
measures are implemented but a more holistic approach is taken, composed of a coordinated set of 
measures in individual areas. These measures include technical, institutional and public 
awareness/information measures. 


Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 55 
13.9 Incentives for Technical Measures at Customers Installations 
This type of measure provides subsidies for water efficient equipment. This can range from simple 
product giveaways (e.g. aerators, flow reducing fixtures, or gasket sets) to rebate programs or 
subsidies for water efficient appliances and installations. Typical programs include: 
13.9.1 Toilet Replacement 
This includes the replacement of existing inefficient toilets with water-efficient or ultra-low-volume (ULV) 
toilets. 
13.9.2 Toilet Retrofits 
This includes th e retrofitting of existing toilet by installing water -saving devices, such as a toilet dam, 
water displacement de vice or alternative flush devices. There are also solutions to convert existing 
toilets with a dual-flush function, reducing up to 50% of water consumption. 
13.9.3 Showerheads and Faucets 
This includes the r eplacement of conventional showerheads, typically having flow rates up to 20 liters 
per minute , with low-flow showerhead that reduce th e flow by half and still provide proper shower 
performance. 
13.9.4 Flow Reducers/Aerators 
This includes the installation of low-flow aerators in faucets that would reduce the water flow to about 6 
to 9 liters per minute, from the average flow rate of 15 liters per minute for conventional faucets. Saving 
hot water in the bathroom saves money not only on the water bill but also on the energy required for 
heating up the water. 
13.9.5 Clothes Washing Machine 
A water-efficient washing machine can process a 5kg load of laundry with about 40 liters of water. For 
comparison, a 10 year old washing machine uses 84 liters and a 20 year old one 134 liters to process 
the same size load. 
13.9.6 Dishwasher 
A water-efficient dishwasher uses about 10 liters of water for a full load compared to an old dishwasher 
using 24 liters, again saving on water and heating. 
13.9.7 Outdoor Water Efficiency 
To save water in the garden and other irrigation use, several approaches should be considered: 
 Using timers on outdoor taps for lawn watering. 
 Drip irrigation systems which apply water only to the roots zone. 
 Garden and lawn watering smart controllers measuring depletion of available soil moisture. 
 Rain barrels or other collection systems as a source of irrigation water. 
13.9.8 Leakage Reduction 
A significant part of the water i s lost through leakages in both the municipal water system and in 
building installations. The latter is from dripping taps, toilets or other leaky fixtures. This can be 
minimized by awareness campaigns and routine maintenance. 
The main causes for leakage s in municipal water supply systems are pipe corrosion, damages during 
construction work, leaky fixtures and poor sealing. Leak monitoring and a corresponding leak detection 
and repair strategy usually pays off very quickly. A remaining leakage rate of up to 10% is usually 
considered as acceptable in economic terms, depending of course on water price levels. 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 56 
13.10 Institutional, Tariff and Regulatory Framework Measures 
13.10.1 Metering 
The most efficient systems have metering and sub-metering rates approaching 100% in order to give all 
customers the possibility to benefit from savings. This typically reduces water use by 10 to 20%, but 
can be capital intensive and time consuming. 
13.10.2 Tariff 
Some countries tax water use, based on consumption, the size of the house or number of occupants. 
These include Australia, Canada, Mexico and most European countries. Progressively graduated water 
prices based on taxes have been effective in helping to reduce water consumption in countries such as 
Denmark and Hungary. The same countries g enerally also have charges on waste -water. A tariff 
system with a (moderately) increasing unit price for the higher consumptions is stimulating savings. 
13.10.3 Plumbing Code Improvements 
In order to keep up with the improving technical development, increas ing the efficiency standards for 
new construction and renovations should be considered . New large scale developments are good 
opportunities to out-perform existing standards. 
13.11 Outreach and Awareness Programs 
Effective water awareness programs should always accomp any other measures, enabling water 
consumers to understand more efficient behavior and be aware of water efficient technology solutions. 
13.11.1 Information and Promotion Campaigns 
It is important to inform and motivate end user and professionals (plumbers). Ther e is a wide variety of 
ways to reach the consumer, including brochures, ads, internet information campaigns, competition for 
the highest water saving. Below are links to examples of effective campaigns: 
http://www.ec.gc.ca/water/e_main.html 
http://www.peelregion.ca/pw/water/conservation/ 
http://www.toronto.ca/watereff/index.htm 
http://www.cwwa.ca/WEED/Results_e.asp 
http://www.epa.gov/watersense/ 
http://www.allianceforwaterefficiency.org/ 
http://www.danva.dk/sw323.asp 
http://www.danva.dk/sw329.asp 
www.waterwiser.org/ 
 
13.11.2 Water Efficient Product Information 
In order to promote water efficient products and to support the customers in choosing the right 
equipment, the following approaches have proven successful: 
 Labeling water efficient applications/equipment such as the U.S. EPA WaterSense label. 
 Listing / rating database of water efficient equipment, which can also serve as eligibility criteria 
for incentives. 
Examples for product information resources are: 
http://www.waterefficientsolutions.net/ 
http://www.epa.gov/watersense/ 
http://www.waterrating.gov.au/index.html 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 57 
13.11.3 Customer Relationship / Information Center 
Holland should consider including informat ion support for water efficiency as a part of its overall 
outreach and education efforts associated with the CEP given the linkages between energy use and 
water. 
13.12 Industrial, commercial, institutional customers 
Most of the measures for the residential sector also apply for the industrial, commercial and institutional 
sector. Moreover there are additional water uses that are potential targets for efficiency improvements. 
Some examples are cleaning procedures or cooling processes such as flow rate adaption, cl osed 
circulation systems; dry cooling towers, free cooling, etc . The water efficiency can be improved by 
water efficiency audits for indoor and outdoor water consumption uses, carried out by trained auditors. 
13.13 Additional Water Efficiency Information Sources 
http://www.isi.fhg.de/publ/downloads/isi07a05/residential-water-demand-in-germany.pdf 
http://www.eaue.de/winuwd/132.HTM; 
http://www.eaue.de/winuwd/132.HTM and http://www.eaue.de/winuwd/81.HTM 
http://www.cwwa.ca/WEED/Search_e.asp 
http://www.aquacraft.com/Publications/EPA_Combined_Retrofit_Report.pdf 
http://www.peelregion.ca/watersmartpeel/indoor/toilet-program-1.htm 
http://www.toronto.ca/watereff/flush/index.htm 
http://www.toronto.ca/watereff/washer/index.htm 
http://www.dvgw.de/fileadmin/dvgw/wasser/organisation/branchenbild2008.pdf 
http://www.peelregion.ca/watersmartpeel/business 
http://www.oecd.org/dataoecd/1/59/40317373.pdf 
http://www.epa.gov/watersense/ 
http://www.waterwiser.org 
http://www.epa.gov/owow/nps/nps-conserve.html 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 58 
APPENDIX 14 
RETIRING EXISTING GENERATING UNITS (RESERVED) 
13.14 Background 
The CEP has b een neutral in making a recommendation on the timing and phasing of a possible 
decommissioning of the 50 -year old coal -fired plant on the De Young site. This Appendix is reserved 
for an evaluation of the impacts of different decommissioning dates. 
This would include impacts on: 
 Timing of investments in electrical capacity on the JDY site 
 Timing of investment in renewable electrical capacity 
 Investment in integrated utility solutions on industrial site 
 Marginal cost of power generation 
 Downtown district heating 
 Achieving City CEP goal of 10 mt/resident GHG by 2050 and intermediate year targets 
 Overall economic development 
 Other community factors 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 59 
APPENDIX 15 
EXISTING HOLLAND CEP SUPPORT GROUPS 
The PWT preparing the recommended Community Energy Plan would like to acknowledge the efforts 
made by the following groups and organizations that have made valuable contributions to the 
development of the CEP. 
 
BANK OF HOLLAND 
CITY FLATS HOTEL 
COMMUNITY ENERGY ADVISORY GROUP 
ENERGETX COMPOSITES 
FAITH BASED COMMUNITY 
FIFTH THIRD BANK 
HAWORTH 
HERMAN MILLER 
HOLLAN D AQUATIC CENTER 
HOLLAND AREA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HOLLAND BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS 
HOLLAND CHRISTIAN SCHOOLS 
HOLLAND COMMUNITY SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE 
HOLLAND HOSPITAL 
HOLLAND PUBLIC SCHOOLS 
HOLLAND RESCUE MISSION 
HOLLAND/ZEELAND COMMUNITY FOUNDATION 
HOPE COLLEGE 
JOHNSON CONTROLS SAFT 
LAKESHORE ADVANTAGE 
LATIN AMERICANS UNITED FOR PROGRESS 
LEAGUE OF WOMEN VOTERS 
LG CHEM 
LUMIR INC. 
MACATAWA AREA COORDINATING COUNCIL 
MACATAWA CYCLING CLUB 
MAX TRANSIT 
RIVERVIEW GROUP 
SEMCO GAS COMPANY 
SIERRA CLUB 
SOLID WASTE/COMPOSTING/RECYCLING CONTRACTORS 
SUSTAINABLE ENERGY FINANCING LLC 
TRANS-MATIC MANUFACTURING 
WEST MICHIGAN CREATION CARE 
WEST MICHIGAN ENVIRONMENTAL ACTION COUNCIL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 60 
 
APPENDIX 16 
TYPICAL OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE FOR MUNICIPAL ENERGY COMPANY 
Municipal Energy Company Ownership Structure 
There are a variety of different ownership structures available for a MEC. Below are 4 examples which 
provide an overview of advantages and disadvantages for such a company structure and organization. 
Option 1: City-owned Company 
In this example, the MEC would be owned and operated by a city as a Public Corporation delivering 
services on a commercial basis, with net profits flowing to the city. The obvious advantage is the 
strategic alignment with the community’s need for reliable, quality services and community ownership. 
Possible disadvantages include using public financing for all investment along with the potential lack of 
innovation that could come from public ownership. However, cities like Heidelberg, Germany have 
successfully implemented this model. Stadtwerke Heidelberg10 is owned by the city and delivers district 
energy, natural gas, electricity, water and even runs the parking and public swimming pools of the city. 
It teams with neighboring communities to create a regional services approach. 
Successful municipal electric utilities in the U.S. such as the Sacramento Municipal Utility District 11 and 
Austin Energy12 also demonstrate there is no inherent conflict between a publicly managed community 
energy service company and high quality innovative services. The City of North Vancouver, through its 
wholly-owned subsidiary, Lonsdale Energy Corporation13, is a good example of a North American city 
creating district energy services using a public corporation as the vehicle. 
Option 2: Public-Private Partnership 
Under this option, the MEC would be jointly owned by a city and private investors. Investments and 
profit sharing would be in proportion to the ownership shares. 
The investors would typically include strategic investors with a long-term interest in the district energy 
opportunity and could include existing regional utilities, property owners and ethical investors. These 
may be combined with a portion of ownership traded on the stock exchange. 
The obvious advantages are that the risks are shared between the city and private capital, and that the 
private partners may be more motivated to develop both extended innovative energy services, and to 
expand their activity beyond the city. Potential challenges may come from differing public and private 
motivations relative to acceptable financial returns and public service priorities. 
There are many examples of very successful city energy service companies that operate with this 
ownership model. Excellent examples are Mannheim14, Germany and Stockholm, Sweden. Both offer a 
range of energy services including extensive district energy services and both have profitable activities 
that extend beyond the home city. 
St. Paul, Minnesota, which has a modern district heating and cooling system serving the downtown, 
also has a public-private ownership model. The district energy distribution system is a non-profit 
cooperative co-owned and managed by the city and customers. The Board is structured with equal 
 
10 http://www.hvv-heidelberg.de/cms/Strom/Stadtwerke_Heidelberg_Energie_GmbH_.html 
11 http://www.smud.org 
12 http://www.austinenergy.com/ 
13 http://www.cnv.org/server.aspx?c=2&i=98 
14 http://www.mvv-energie.de/cms/konzernportal/en/homepage.jsp 

Holland Community Energy Efficiency and Conservation Strategy -Appendices 
Appendices Page A: 61 
representation from both, with a tie-breaking Director selected unanimously by the balance of the 
Board. On the supply side, separate for-profit entities have been established to run CHP, biomass and 
similar facilities, each with long-term supply agreement with the district energy distribution company. 
In all cases, there needs to be a structure that ensures the priority to deliver acceptable services is 
never jeopardized. This is usually achieved by the community retaining a majority ownership or having 
over-proportional (greater than 50%) voting rights. 
Option 3: Investor-owned Company 
The MEC under option 3 would be 100% owned by private investors, operating under license from a 
city to deliver district energy services. 
The advantage is that the financial risks are carried by private owners, with the possibility that a city 
would not automatically benefit from profit sharing. This could be mitigated by a licensing fee. The 
potential challenge remains to ensure the balance between being a long-term public service provider 
and a profitable investor-owned entity. 
The city utility in Berlin, Germany, which is responsible for district energy and much of the gas and 
electricity services, is a large example of this model, being owned by Vattenfall AB15 from Sweden. In 
the U.S., the investor-owned Con Edison in New York City supplies electricity, natural gas and district 
heating to the community. 
Option 4: Site-specific Company 
A final model would involve a single site for which a special purpose company would be established to 
provide district energy services specifically for that site. 
Dockside Green Energy LLP16 is an example of this option. It was established to run a small district 
heating system for the Dockside Green development in Victoria, BC. Siedlungswerk17 a major property 
developer in Stuttgart, German has a wholly-owned district energy affiliate, which establishes 
development specific entities if appropriate municipal services are not available. In both of these 
examples, the intent is either to ultimately broaden the service area (Dockside Green) or to fill a gap 
until the wider community is ready to take over the services (Stuttgart). 
 
 
 
 
 
15 http://www.vattenfall.de/de/index.htm 
16 http://docksidegreenenergy.com/index.html 
17 http://www.siedlungswerk.de/

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/es/socio-de-capacitacion/

Conviértase en un Socio de Capacitación en Energía para el Hogar
Para ayudar a educar a nuestra comunidad, los socios locales sin fines de lucro en la comunidad metropolitana de Holland pueden convertirse en socios de educación energética! Después de completar un programa de capacitación de capacitadores de un día, los representantes de la agencia asociada pueden brindar educación sobre eficiencia energética en el hogar a quienes participan en el programa gratuito. Las agencias asociadas a la capacitación recibirán $200 por cada sesión completa de Home Energy 101.
Vecinos Educando a los Vecinos
Nuestra comunidad depende de sus servicios y educación críticos para una variedad de necesidades e inquietudes cotidianas. Como expertos relacionales en nuestra comunidad, su organización brindará orientación confiable para crear una mayor equidad en nuestra comunidad y conectar a los vecinos con los recursos para mejorar sus hogares y sus vidas.
Todos los miembros del equipo de su organización que deseen capacitar a los participantes del programa deben asistir a una capacitación de un día (6 horas) para obtener la certificación. Después de recibir la certificación, los miembros de su equipo impartirán sesiones de 60 a 90 minutos sobre Home Energy 101 a los residentes de City of Holland en sus hogares o apartamentos para brindarles educación básica sobre ahorro de energía y ayudarlos a aprender a usar hasta $300 en suministros de ahorro de energía.
Socios Actuales
Conviértete en un Socio de Entrenamiento
¿Está interesado en unirse a nuestro equipo de socios de capacitación de Home Energy 101? ¡Dejanos saber!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/es/contact/

COMUNÍQUESE CON NOSOTROS
DIRECCIÓN
Holland Energy Fund
Holland City Hall
270 South River Avenue
Holland MI 49423
TELÉFONO:
616.355.1364
ENVÍENOS UN CORREO ELECTRÓNICO
Para aplicar a un programa, favor de utilizar nuestra applications page. Para cualquier otra consulta, no dude en enviarnos un mensaje utilizando el siguiente formulario

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/es/energia-del-hogar-101/

Energía del Hogar 101
Regístrese en Home Energy 101 para trabajar con un educador sobre energía en el hogar y encontrar las mejores áreas para ahorrar servicios públicos y mejorar la eficiencia en su hogar, apartamento o condominio.
Este programa también identificará hasta $300 en suministros de ahorro de energía GRATUITOS para reducir sus facturas de servicios públicos, y es uno de los requisitos previos para solicitar reembolsos del Holland Energy Fund en proyectos como aislamiento de techos o un sistema de calefacción y refrigeración para el hogar.
Su viaje hacia un hogar más eficiente y cómodo comienza con una sesión de 60 a 90 minutos de Home Energy 101 dirigida por educadores capacitados en energía del hogar de socios locales sin fines de lucro.
Socios Locales de Capacitación Sin Fines de Lucro
Junto con su educador y nuestros socios, podrá:
- Revisaremos las facturas de energía de meses pasados para comparar su hogar con otras viviendas similares en su vecindario.
- Identifique oportunidades de suministros gratuitos para ahorrar energía, que le enviaremos por correo después de su sesión.
- Revisaremos información sobre cómo usar sus suministros de ahorro de energía
- Veremos imágenes térmicas de su hogar que muestren dónde se necesite aislamiento o sellado
- Crearemos un plan de energía para su hogar
Lista de Suministros para Ahorrar Energía
– Calafateo
– Aislamiento de espuma en aerosol
– Burletes (varias longitudes)
– Sellados de conductos, tomas de corriente, y la unidad de calefacción
– Aireadores de grifo y cabezales de ducha que ahorran agua
– Envoltura de tubería
– Cubiertas de aire acondicionado de ventana
– Kit de aislamiento para ventanas de tormenta
– Sensor de temperatura infrarrojo láser y medidor de potencia enchufable
– Bombillas LED
– Termostato programable
Consejos y Trucos sobre Energía y Eficiencia
Al finalizar su programa Home Energy 101, se le enviará una caja de suministros para ayudarlo a abordar algunas de las necesidades de eficiencia y sostenibilidad de su hogar. Queremos brindarle una idea de cómo aprovechar al máximo esos elementos:
Cómo utilizar su spray de espuma expansiva
Instalación de juntas de pared de Home Energy 101
Cómo utilizar la cubierta del filtro magnético
Instalación de masilla para cuerdas Home Energy 101
Cómo utilizar la cinta selladora de conductos
How to Use Your Rubber Weather Seal Cómo utilizar su sello de goma contra la intemperie

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/final-guide-book.pdf

A Municipal Roadmap for Residential
Energy Efficiency Initiatives in Michigan
Residential
Energy
Efficiency
Guidebook
February 2024

Table of
Contents
Guidebook Purpose 
Guidebook Team
Program Introduction
Program Timeline
Program Finances
Program Partners
Program Impact
Guidebook Appendix
If you click on a section listed in this Table of Contents, you will be
directed to that page of this guidebook. Similarly, by clicking on one of
the main section titles (as they appear above) on the following pages of
the guidebook, you will be directed back to this Table of Contents.
On the following pages of this guidebook, text written in or images
highlighted in light blue contain hyperlinks. By clicking on these, you will
be directed to websites, files, and folders where you can find additional
information or resources.
1
2
4
7
9
12
13
A1

Foundational Knowledge : fundamental information regarding home
energy efficiency plans and potential benefits.
Experience and Insights : an overview of Holland's energy program,
including detailed program planning and implementation processes, as well
as insights from Holland's experience, allowing other municipalities to
leverage lessons learned, anticipate challenges, and implement successful
strategies in establishing and managing their own home energy initiatives.
This guidebook was created to help municipal authorities and local governments in
Michigan seeking to establish or enhance home energy efficiency programs in their
community. It consolidates foundational information, experience and resources
obtained from a successful home energy program in Holland, Michigan, to provide a
flexible framework for others interested in developing energy programs in their
communities by sharing:
Guidebook
Purpose
Resources: information and materials to help other Michigan
municipalities in successfully adapting Holland's energy program to
work within their own communities, including program management
tools, financial breakdowns, and materials for home energy kits and
education sessions. 1

What is a Home Energy Efficiency Program?
A home energy program aims at promoting energy efficiency, sustainability, and conservation within
residential buildings. These programs are designed to help residents reduce their energy consumption,
lower utility bills, and minimize environmental impact. The specific components of a home energy
program can vary, but they often include:
Energy Education Session: assessments of a home's energy usage to identify areas of improvement.
This may involve inspecting insulation, windows, appliances, and HVAC systems.
Energy Efficiency Upgrades: recommendations and incentives for implementing energy-efficient
measures, such as installing energy-efficient appliances, LED lighting, smart thermostats, and better
insulation.
Renewable Energy Integration: information and support for the adoption of renewable energy
sources to generate clean energy at the household level.
Financial Incentives: subsidies, tax credits, or rebates to motivate homeowners to invest in energy-
efficient technologies and improvements.
Education and Outreach: informational campaigns to educate homeowners about energy-saving
practices, conservation tips, and the benefits of energy efficiency.
Smart Home Technologies: promotion of smart home devices and technologies that enable
homeowners to monitor and control their energy usage more effectively.
Government Programs: some home energy programs are sponsored or supported by government
agencies, either at the local, state, or national level.
The overall goal of a home energy program is to create a more sustainable and energy-efficient living
environment to increase the quality of life and resiliency within the community. 
Program
Introduction
2

The Holland Energy Fund Rebates program allows participants to build on the knowledge they gain in
Home Energy 101 to make comprehensive energy efficiency upgrades to their homes and save up to
$6,000 on qualified projects. The rebates, ranging from 5-20%, are applicable to various projects such as
home air sealing, insulation, heat pumps, and a full home energy audit. Completion of the Home Energy
101 session is a required prerequisite for the HEF rebates. Like the Home Energy 101 visits, the rebate
program aims to make energy-saving measures accessible and beneficial for the community,
contributing to increased home value and reduced energy consumption.
The Home Energy 101 Program is an initiative designed to empower homeowners, renters, and
landlords to enhance the energy efficiency of their homes while saving on utility bills. Participants in the
program can undergo a free 60-90 minute home walkthrough and education session, receiving valuable
efficiency training and tips specific to their residence. Following this session, participants are eligible to
receive energy-saving supplies by mail, at no cost to them.
A Community Home Energy
Plan in Action ~ Holland, MI
The Holland Energy Fund (HEF) , a nonprofit (501(c)3), is helping the City of Holland achieve its long-
term Community Energy Plan. HEF runs two programs, Holland Energy Fund Rebates and Home Energy
101, in partnership with the City of Holland, Holland Board of Public Works, and Michigan Saves. 
3

Holland’s home energy program was developed and
implemented over the course of approximately one year.
Their timeline has been divided into three phases.Phase One ~ 4 Months
Phase One of the project spanned approximately four months. During this time, the following
four steps were completed:
Define Objectives: Identify what you want to accomplish through this program, including
city energy goals, residential knowledge, residential energy savings, and community
knowledge.
Program Assessment: Review existing energy-saving programs to potentially integrate
them into the initiative, considering budgets and resource allocation.
Engage Energy Suppliers: Identify and meet with local energy suppliers to discuss their
community-saving objectives. Explore collaboration possibilities, discuss combined budget
resources, evaluate potential free energy measures, and assess expertise contributions to
the program.
Budget Development: Create a comprehensive budget using combined resources, taking
into account various elements such as energy measures, distribution and packaging,
training and materials, payment for energy education sessions, website development,
promotional materials, and internal labor costs.
Program
Timeline
4

Phase Two ~ 6 Months
Phase Two spanned approximately six months, consisting of the following steps:
Nonprofit Partners: Identify and connect with local nonprofit organizations. Provide
program information and initiate preliminary meetings to assess interest in collaboration
and bandwidth.
Process Development: Establish processes and responsibilities for program support and
management, including scheduling and report creation.
Partner Processes : Create processes to guide partner organizations in assisting
participants.
Training Development: Develop training programs for partners, leveraging expertise from
energy suppliers, nonprofits, and external experts. Local colleges may also be a resource to
help create materials.
Informational Materials: Prepare folders and informational materials for residents,
including details on available rebates, local and federal programs, and relevant nonprofit
initiatives. Create marketing materials to share with residents to raise program awareness.
Report Creation: Develop a customizable report to send to residents after completing an
home energy education session.
Free Energy Measure Kit: Design and implement a kit of free energy measures to be
distributed after education sessions. Outline the creation and distribution process.
Website Development: Create a website with a sign-up feature for residents interested in
the program. It’s recommended to also offer a hard copy of the registration form as well
as translation in multiple languages, if needed, to ensure accessibility for all residents.
Metrics Establishment: Identify desired metrics to track program progress and report
success. Insights can be drawn from forms completed by partners and participants.
Onboarding and Training: Establish an onboarding process and training day for partners.
Identify a suitable space for training, and implement a mentoring process to help onboard
future partners over the lifetime of the program.
Program Kickoff Date: Set a kickoff date to implement the program.
5

Phase Three ~ 2-3 Months
Phase Three spanned approximately two to three months, consisting of the following steps:
Residential Outreach: Communicate program benefits and registration process to
eligible residents. If sending out mailers, it is recommended to divide them into stages
to keep logistics manageable for the program managers and partners assisting
participants throughout the process.
Program Initiation: Launch the program as developed during the previous two phases.
Quarterly Meetings: Establish quarterly meetings with nonprofit partners to review
progress, discuss any challenges, and ensure alignment with objectives.
Program Refinement: Tweak and revise the program based on feedback received from
participants and partners to ensure continuous improvement and responsiveness to
evolving needs and challenges.
6

Participants
For Home Energy 101, the cost per participant is $660-680 . This includes an average rebate incentive of
$480 as well as an average of $180-$200 for the energy supplies kit, all at no cost to the resident. The
energy kit is customized to the resident’s needs following their completion of a home energy education
session with one of the program’s trained educators. During the first year, approximately 250 residents
participated in Home Energy 101. A breakdown of the materials that participants can receive in their free
energy supplies kit has been included in the Guidebook Appendix.
First Year Second Year
Program Website $8,500 $500
(maintenance)
Marketing
(flyers, information packets & rack cards)
$3,000 $1,000
Full-Time Employee $61,533
($19.14/hr with benefits)
$61,533
($19.14/hr with benefits)
Part-Time Employee - $28,669
($19.14/hr)
The set up and management expenses for the first year of Holland’s program totaled $73,533 in
2022-2023. Participation is growing during the program’s second year, so program management
expenses for 2023-2024 are expected to be $90,702. These costs are detailed below:
Program
Finances
Beyond these program management costs, the Holland Energy Fund also incurs expenses per
Home Energy 101 participant and trained educator. 
Educators
Each program educator must go through the proper training before they can conduct home energy
education sessions for the Home Energy 101 program. The initial one-day training costs $1,000 for up to
five people. The cost for each additional trainee beyond that is $200. Each trained educator is provided
with a name tag, sample bag of energy kit supplies, a FLIR thermal camera (one iPhone compatible model
and one Android compatible model) to utilize during the home energy education sessions as well as
Dropbox and Google memberships to access critical program files and forms. These supplies cost the
program $820 per educator. As of December 2023, the program had 16 trained educators. 
Since the program’s launch, Home Energy 101's training has been expanded to address additional
community needs. They now also provide access to an additional two-day training focused on mobile
home weatherization. The cost for this training is $2,475 for up to 9 people. 7

Optimize Program Costs
One approach to establishing a sustainable home energy program is to optimize program
costs. This can include streamlining the types of educator trainings, memberships for file
sharing and storage, and materials provided in home energy kits to best fit the needs of
your community. Additionally, releasing program materials in phases, addressing specific
aspects like home envelope improvements one year and LED lighting in another, can spread
out the financial commitment. Instead of investing in a professionally made, standalone
website, integrating the home energy program as a section on the municipality’s existing
website is a viable option. It's also worthwhile to evaluate existing community programs,
exploring the potential to combine and expand them to incorporate home energy efficiency
education and incentives.
Leverage Resources: Partnerships and Financial Opportunities
It's important to recognize that a municipality doesn't necessarily need to cover the entire
cost of a home energy program on their own. To ensure long-term success, consider
forming partnerships with other organizations and programs, such as Michigan Saves, that
possess valuable experience, expertise, and resources to contribute to the program.
There is a growing number of funding opportunities available for communities aiming to
develop, implement, and sustain energy programs. Notably, the Inflation Reduction Act,
passed last year, presents a new funding source. It's advisable to leverage these resources
as much as possible to secure funding now as well as facilitate sustainable growth in the
future. By establishing a nonprofit organization to manage the home energy program could
also open it up to additional financial benefits. 
The financial demand to implement and manage a home energy
program can pose a substantial obstacle for communities interested
in undertaking such initiatives. However, there are numerous
strategies available to mitigate costs and secure additional funding
sources to support such programs in your community.
8

Program partners play a critical role in the success of a community-wide home energy
program. These partners can vary based on the unique needs and resources of each
community, but regardless of the partner type, they must be trusted by community
members. This is an essential component for effectively communicating program
opportunities and recommendations to benefit residents. Potential partners can include
but are not limited to local utility companies, governmental agencies, energy experts,
sustainability consultants, community action networks, and nonprofit organizations.
Holland's Home Energy 101 program has achieved remarkable success through a
neighbors-helping-neighbors model, fostering partnerships with trusted local
organizations. These organizations can be viewed in the Guidebook Appendix. A key
element of this approach involves collaborating with various respected nonprofit
organizations whose members serve as community educators. 
These educators play a vital role in conducting the home energy education sessions with
participating residents. Their responsibilities include identifying opportunities to increase
energy efficiency in the home, demonstrating the proper use of available energy efficiency
supplies, and submitting a request for the resident to receive a free energy efficiency kit. 
When enrolling in the program, residents have the opportunity to choose the nonprofit
organization they prefer for their home energy educational session. This allows them to
collaborate with an organization they are familiar with and trust, simultaneously
contributing to the nonprofit's mission. Importantly, residents incur no costs, as the
educator's compensation is covered by the Home Energy 101 program.
Neighbors-Helping-Neighbors Model
Program
Partners
9

Once an organization has committed to partnering in the home energy plan, it's important
to clearly define their role and responsibilities while also equipping them with the
essential information and materials. For program educators, 
comprehensive training is
imperative to ensure their ability to conduct home energy education sessions effectively
with interested residents. This includes the knowledge and confidence to identify
residential energy efficiency opportunities, demonstrate the proper use of appropriate
energy kit materials, and request a free energy kit for the resident after the education
session.
Members of the nonprofit organizations collaborating with the Holland program
underwent two distinct training sessions with a contractor to acquire the necessary
technical knowledge and skills to conduct energy education sessions. Additionally, each
educator received a kit containing materials to utilize during these education sessions,
including a thermal camera, energy kit supplies, and folders with program information for
the participants. This comprehensive approach ensures that educators are well-prepared
and equipped to deliver effective home energy education sessions.
Onboarding Process
10

Since the initial launch of the Home Energy 101 program in the fall of 2022, Holland has
strengthened its community collaborations and provided training to additional educators
joining this initiative. The introduction of a mentorship program has been pivotal in
facilitating the onboarding of new members as the program continues to grow.
Under this mentorship initiative, each new educator is paired with an experienced mentor
for their initial home energy education sessions. This structured approach enables the
new educators to shadow their experienced counterparts, actively participating in
sessions with their guidance. This collaborative learning experience helps them gain
confidence, ensuring a smoother transition into their independent roles.
Holland has recognized the benefit of this mentorship model on the program and has
found it to be far more effective to assign pairs and facilitate connections rather than
leaving the educators to navigate this process on their own. The adoption of this strategic
approach has demonstrated increased success in establishing a supportive and
empowering environment for all educators engaged in the initiative. This has led to the
expansion of knowledgeable and trusted energy experts that can assist more residents
interested in participating in the Home Energy 101 program.
Mentorship Model for Educators
11

Empower your community by initiating a local energy efficiency
program! Utilize the information and resources provided in this
guidebook to get started. 
If you have any questions, contact info for the Guidebook Team is
listed on the next page.
Program
Impact
A home energy efficiency program can provide tremendous benefit to a community, as demonstrated by
the success of the Holland Energy Fund’s program. After they analyzed the data from the first participants
to pass the one-year mark with the program, the following stats were shared in December 2023:
Average combined utility
bill cost savings
$131
Highest individual 
home’s savings
$907
80% of Home Energy 101 participants reduced their electric use.
Median annual electric
savings for participants
393 kWh
Median annual electric
savings for 
non-participants
168 kWh
vs36 therms
Median annual
gas savings
12

City of Holland
Dan Broersma
d.broersma@cityofholland.com
This guidebook was researched and
developed over the course of her master's
capstone project in energy systems
engineering with the goal of increasing
accessibility of reliable, affordable, and
efficient energy systems for communities
throughout Michigan.
The following individuals played key roles in
the advancement of this guidebook by 
offering their insights, contributing
resources, or providing valuable feedback
during the development process.
University of Michigan
Michele Appledorn
appledom@umich.edu
City of Holland
Isabel Stein
i.stein@cityofholland.com
Green Projects Group
William Gallmeyer
william@greenprojectsgroup.com
Graham Sustainability Institute
Sarah Lee
sarle@umich.edu
Holland Board of Public Works
Andrew Reynolds
areynolds@hollandbpw.com
Traverse City Light & Power
Jacob Hardy
jhardy@tclp.org
Guidebook
Team
13

Nonprofit training partners for Holland’s Home Energy 101 program:
Guidebook
Appendix
A1

Materials that can be provided in the Home Energy 101 supplies kit for residents:
Item Max Quantity
 LED Light Bulbs 36
 Spray Foam (Expanding) 1 can
 Spray Foam (Non-Expanding) 1 can
 Rope Caulk (Paintable) 3 rolls
 Heat-Shrink Window Insulation Kit 1
 Window Weather Stripping (Rubber Tape) 2 rolls
 Window Weather Stripping (Sponge/Closed-Cell Tape) 2 rolls
 Window Weather Strip Backer Rod 1 roll
 Window A/C Weather Stripping 2
 Window A/C Cover 1
 Outlet Insulator Plate 10
 Switch Insulator Plate 10
 Programmable Thermostat 1
 Furnace Slot Sealer 1
 Aluminum Duct Sealing Tape 1 roll
 Pipe Wrap (1/2" pipe diameter ~ 12 feet max) 5
 Pipe Wrap (3/4" pipe diameter ~ 12 feet max) 5
 Water Sense Shower Head 2
 Bathroom Aerator 3
 Kitchen Aerator 1
 Laser Infrared Temp Scanner 1
 Plug-In Power Meter 1
A2

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/es/hef-rebates/

Programa de Reembolso del Fondo de Energía de Holland
Holland Energy Fund se ha asociado con la ciudad de Holland, la Junta de Obras Públicas de Holland y Michigan Saves para brindar oportunidades de ahorrar dinero y/o ser recompensado por invertir en mejoras de eficiencia energética en su hogar.
HoW It Works
Solicite Los Reembolsos de HEF
Envíe una solicitud para los reembolsos del Holland Energy Fund (solo para residentes de la ciudad de Holland) y los reembolsos de Holland BPW para recibir un reembolso del 5 al 20 % en proyectos de hasta $30,000, ahorrando hasta $6000 para arreglos energéticas en su hogar.
No hay ningún costo mínimo del proyecto para el reembolso, siempre que el trabajo realizado esté incluido en la lista de actualizaciones elegibles y lo complete un contratista autorizado.
Aplique Hoy
Para solicitar reembolsos de Holland Energy Fund, debe completar Home Energy 101. Si ya completó Home Energy 101, haga clic en el botón “Solicitar reembolsos” a continuación.
En el caso del reemplazo de emergencia de electrodomésticos (por ejemplo, falla del calentador de agua), puede completar Energía en el Hogar 101 después de la compra.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/es/comenzar/

Formas
Por favor tenga en cuenta: Debe completar la sesión Energía en el Hogar 101 antes de poder solicitar el reembolso financiero “HER” (se hacen excepciones por emergencias).
Si tiene preguntas o necesita ayuda, comuníquese con el personal del Fondo de Energía de Holland al (616) 355-1364. Si prefiere descargar un documento PDF para enviarlo por correo, utilice el “download link” [enlace de descarga] que se encuentra en la parte inferior de esta página.
Regístrese para Home Energy 101
Solicite un reembolso HEF
O descargar un PDF y Enviarlo Por Correo
Si prefiere enviar su solicitud por correo, favor de descargar el PDF a continuación, completarla, y enviarla a:
Holland Energy Fund
Holland City Hall
270 S. River Avenue, 3rd Floor
Holland, MI 49423
Hay otros programas de reembolso y evaluación de eficiencia energética disponibles a través de SEMCO. Visite su página de Ahorros Residenciales para obtener más información.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

URL: https://hollandenergyfund.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/HE101Application11_22_23.pdf

Resident(s) Name: 
Resident(s) Address: City/State/Zip: 
Day Phone: Evening Phone: 
Cell Phone: Email: 
Preferred method of contact (Email, cell phone, etc.):
HBPW Account #: SEMCO Account #: 
Choose Your Home Energy 101 Partner 
“The undersigned person gives permission or has the account holder's permission for Holland Board of Public Works 
AND Semco Energy to provide 2 years’ historical energy data and 3 years’ future data for the locations specified 
on this form. They understand this information will be used solely for the City of Holland Home Energy Retrofit 
Program/Home Energy 101 Program.”
Resident’s Signature: Date: 
Please complete and return to City Hall, 270 S. River Avenue, 3rd floor, Holland, MI 49423 616.355.1355 or 
i.stein@cityofholland.com
You must be a Holland BPW residential electric customer to qualify for the Home Energy 101 program
HOME ENERGY
 REGISTRATION
For more information, visit our website at HollandEnergyFund.com
Community Action Agency Latin Americans United for Progress (LAUP)
Green Home Institute Outdoor Discovery Center
Good Samaritan Westcore Neighbors
Heights of Hope 3Sixty 
Lakeshore Habitat for Humanity Renew Therapeutic Riding Center
Select a partner for me

Nombre de Residente(s):
Dirección de Residente(s): Ciudad/Estado/Código postal: 
Teléfono diruno: Teléfono nocturno: 
Teléfono celular: Correo Electrónico: 
Modo preferido de contacto (correo electrónico, teléfono celular, etc.): 
No. de Cuenta en HBPW: No. de Cuenta en SEMCO: 
Escoja su Socio Colaborador para Home Energy 101
“La persona abajo firmante otorga permiso o tiene el permiso del titular de la cuenta para que la Junta de Obras Públicas de 
Holland Y a Semco Energy a proporcionar datos históricos
de energía de 2 años y datos futuros de 3 años para las ubicaciones especificadas en este formulario. Entiend en que esta información se 
utilizará exclusivamente para el Programa Home Energy Retrofit Program/Home Energy 101 de la Ciudad de Holland.”
Firma de Residente/a: Fecha: 
Favor de completar y remitir a City Hall, 270 S. River Avenue, 3rd floor, Holland, MI 49423 616.355.1355 o 
i.stein@cityofholland.com
Debe ser un cliente eléctrico residencial de Holland BPW para calificar para el programa Home Energy 101
HOME ENERGY
 LA MATRICULACIÓN
Para más información, visite nuestro sitio web al HollandEnergyFund.com/es-mx
Community Action Agency/Agencia de Acción Comunitaria Latin Americans United for Progress (LAUP)/Americanos 
Latino Unidos por el Progreso
Green Home Institute/Instituto Hogar Verde Outdoor Discovery Center/Centrode Descubrimientoal
Aire Libre 
Good Samaritan/Buena Samaritana Westcore Neighbors/Vecinos de Westcore
Heights of Hope/Alturas de la Esperanza 3Sixty/3Sesenta
Lakeshore Habitat for Humanity/Hábitatpara la Humnidad
a Orillas del Lago 
Renew Therapeutic Riding Center/Renovar Centro de 
Equitación Terapéutica
Favorde seleccionarun SocioColaboradorpara mí

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------